The Vaults pub near Café Adriatic has a 5 star rating.  Prices start at £30.
Close to Café Brazil, The Cambridge Blue pub serves delicious Tuscan Beef for the cheap price of £10.50. Delicious Pub food.
The Eagle is a low rated coffee shop near Burger King and the riverside that is family friendly and is less than £20 for Japanese food.
Located near The Sorrento is a French Theme eatery and coffee shop called The Mill, with a price range at £20-£25 it is in the riverside area.
For luxurious French food, the Loch Fyne is located by the river next to The Rice Boat.
Bibimbap House is a moderately priced restaurant who's main cuisine is English food. You will find this local gem near Clare Hall in the Riverside area.
The Rice Boat is an adult French restaurant with high customer rating  located in the Riverside area.
The Wrestlers coffee shop serves Japanese food.  It is situated near Raja Indian Cuisine at the riverside.  Prices are less than £20.  It is not family-friendly.
In the city centre lies Aromi, a French coffee shop for adults with a low customer rating.
The Phoenix is a fast food place located in the riverside area. They have moderate pricing and a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
In the riverside area near The Sorrento is the Browns Cambridge. It is a Fast food restaurant.
A child friendly restaurant that has English food is Loch Fyne.
Taste of Cambridge is a restaurant with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and and a price range of £20-£25
For a family-Friendly coffee shop Cocum can serve you Italian food at affordable prices.  The customer rating however is only average.
The Dumpling Tree is an Italian restaurant with high prices.
The Punter provides Indian food in the cheap price range.
The Golden Curry, a 5-star family friendly breakfast joint near the Café Rouge and near the river.
The Phoenix is located in the city centre. It offers English food, has a high price range, and a customer rating of one out of five.
Yippee Noodle Bar, near the Alimentum city centre is a fast food place with high customer rating, and has a price range of 20-25 euros
The Eagle is a restaurant that offers Chinese food though with a poor rating
The Punter is located near The Portland Arms in the city centre. Their prices are less than £20 and they are family-friendly.
An Italian coffee shop called The Mill is at the riverside. It is near The Sorrento and its price range is more than £30.
Near All Bar One is a moderately priced Italian place, with a customer rating of 3 out of 5, it's called Midsummer House.
The Rice Boat serves English food and is highly rated by its customers. The prices are average but it is easily located close to the Express by Holiday Inn in Riverside.
Blue Spice, French food high price range in the riverside area.
There is a pub called Strada which serves Italian food. It's near Yippee Noodle Bar and has a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
Alimentum features Chinese food with average customer ratings at a high price.  It is located in riverside near Yippee Noodle Bar.
The Cambridge Blue is a pub located near Café Brazil. It offers Chinese food in the range of £20-£25.
The Waterman is a fast food serving pub by the river which has received high reviews.
Bibimbap House is a restaurant providing dine in meals in the low price range. It is located in at Clare Hall.
A pub named Zizzi has a customer rating of 3 out of 5, serves French cuisine, and is kid friendly.
Located outside Cambridge City Centre is Alimentum, a cheap, not child friendly eatery.
A coffee shop that is kid friendly near Raja Indian Cuisine named The Wrestlers in the riverside area has a price range of more than £30 that serves Italian food.
The Golden Curry offers English food at a high price. It is near The Bakers. It should be noted that it is not kids friendly.
Green Man is a French restaurant in the city centre. It is not child friendly and is located near All Bar One. It costs more than thirty pounds.
The Waterman is not family-friendly and has a price range of less than £20.
In the riverside area is the Zizzi restaurant prices ranging more than £30
The Golden Curry is a non family friendly Indian restaurant  with an average rating located in the riverside area near Café Rouge.
The Dumpling Tree is a Japanese restaurant that has a price range of more than £30.
The Punter coffee shop is a family friendly with less than £20 price range serves Japanese food near Café Sicilia has a low customer rating.
Clowns coffee Shop near Clare Hall in Riverside has fine Italian food and an average customer rating.
The Dumpling Tree pub is not a family restaurant.  It is located near The Portland Arms.
Blue Spice is a coffee shop along the river near Avalon. The prices are quite high while the customer ratings are quite low. It is not recommended to take children there.
On the riverside the Giraffe is a Fast food, kid friendly pub.
Browns Cambridge is a English food, kid friendly restaurant in the riverside area. It is near The Sorrento.
Cocum is a well-respected Italian coffee shop, offering food at the higher price range. It is child-friendly.
Italian family friendly near Café Sicilia is The Punter which is a cheap coffee shop with average rating.
There is a pub that is moderate priced called The Olive Grove in the Riverside area, that serves Indian food and is not child friendly.
For those prepared to pay over £30, Giraffe is a restaurant located near The Six Bells.
A child friendly restaurant called Cocum is 3 out of 5.
The Twenty Two is Italian and  child friendly.
There is a 5 out of 5 customer rated child friendly pub located near a Ranch called The Cricketers.
A good coffee shop that received a customer rating of 5 out of 5 is The Eagle. It is in the riverside area near the Burger King. It costs more than 30 pounds and is kid friendly.
Blue Spice is a cheap coffee shop located  in the riverside, near Avalon.
Near Crowne Plaza Hotel, in the centre of the city is Browns Cambridge. It is a French coffee shop that is rated average and not family-friendly.
The Golden Curry is a 3 out of 5 Indian food place. It is kid friendly and located in the riverside area near Café Rouge.
Wildwood public house is a one star establishment which serves food.
There is a family friendly restaurant The Golden Curry near The Bakers.  It is inexpensive.
North of the city centre, overlooking the river, is a family restaurant named The Rice Boat. It serves Italian food and is rated 1 star.
The Strada is located near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café. It serves Chinese, is cheap, family friendly and low rated.
Alimentum providing fast food less than £20 price range. It is located in city center.
In the riverside area, Blue Spice is family friendly, cheap and has an average customer rating.
Alimentum is Fast food. They are children friendly. The price range is cheap and located near riverside.
The Golden Palace is a cheap Italian coffee shop that is located in the city centre. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Loch Fyne is a children friendly restaurant that serves Chinese food.
The Cricketers is a five star coffee shop located near The Portland Arms.
Cocum for coffee shop offers Fast food for cheap price for kids Friendly.
Browns Cambridge serves fast food for a moderate price, customers have given it a poor rating
A coffee shop located on the riverside called The Golden Palace, has a 5 out of 5 customer rating. its price range are fairly cheap for it's excellent Fast food.
The Waterman serves English food costing more that £30 and has a high customer rating. It is located in the city centre and has a children friendly atmosphere.
Loch Fyne serves average Indian food in the city centre near The Rice Boat.
The Golden Curry is near Café Rouge with will serve you with some lovely Italian food with in the city center with a rating of 5 out of 5 stars. no children please.
Blue Spice in riverside was rate 3 out of 5 and has an average price range of £20-25, however it is not kid friendly.
The Olive Grove is an inexpensive, family-friendly pub serving wine and cheese.
Giraffe is a moderately-priced, child-friendly coffee shop that is located near The Bakers and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Blue Spice is a restaurant that cooks Japanese food it is located by the riverside and the price range is moderate
The Cambridge Blue is a restaurant that provides Chinese food Its customer rating is high.
In the centre of the city, there is a restaurant called The Waterman.  It is a highly recommended, yet inexpensive, restaurant for families.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop that provides Italian. It is located by the riverside with an average customer rating and a high price range.
The Waterman is a site for eat Italian food.
Blue Spice is not kid friendly, but has been rated 3 out of 5 by customers. It is located in riverside and has an average price range of £20-25.
Midsummer House is located near the All Bar One and is in the high price range.
The Rice Boat is near Express by Holiday Inn in city centre. It is kids friendly.
Children friendly Japanese food Strada which has low customer rating and price range more than £30 is served near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
The Olive Grove serves English food, it is near the riverside, kid friendly and moderately priced.
The Phoenix is a fast food restaurant in Luton offering budget food.
wine and spirits 3 star pub relax by the river at Clowns pub.
Near All Bar One in the riverside area is kid friendly Green Man. The price range is between £20-25.
The Wrestlers coffee shop is located in the riverside area near the Raja Indian Cuisine. It serves Italian food with a moderate price range and is kids-Friendly.
The Golden Curry serves English food in a family friendly environment. It has a low customer rating.
With 5 out of 5 as a customer rating, The Rice Boat is a non family-friendly, English restaurant located on riverside.
The Cambridge Blue serves traditional English food, and has been given a rating of five stars.
The Golden Palace is in the cheap price range. It is a restaurant
Located near Café Rouge Midsummer House is an Indian restaurant with a poor customer rating.
Alimentum is located in the riverside area and features high priced English food and is not kid friendly.
Clowns is a Japanese coffee shop with 5 out of 5 customer ratings located near Clare Hall in the riverside area.
The Rice Boat, in the riverside area, near Express by Holiday Inn, has English food, is kids friendly, has a high customer rating, and has a price range between 20 and 25 pounds.
The Waterman is located in the city center. It is a low rated Italian restaurant that is not family-friendly and costs more than 20.
The Plough, near Café Rouge, is a pub serving Italian food. It is not children friendly and in the high price range.
There is a Chinese food restaurant called The Phoenix in the riverside area. It has an average customer rating and the price range is cheap.
Bibimbap House is in riverside near Clare Hall and serves Italian food with a price range is more than £30.
Loch Fyne is a restaurant providing fast food services, but it isn't family-friendly.
The Phoenix is a three star wine and cheese shop located outside of the City centre with a high price point.
for best coffee just go to Blue Spice. price is very cheap near to Avalon riverside
The Rice Boat is a family-friendly Japanese restaurant in the city centre with a low customer rating.
Near The Portland Arms there is an Italian pub named The Dumpling Tree that welcomes families.
There is an expensive-priced coffee shop located close to Burger King called The Eagle.
Serving French cuisine, The Waterman is in city centre with a low customer rating. Not children friendly.
There is a five star rated French coffee shop in the riverside area near Clare Hall named Clowns.
Near Avalon in the city centre, Blue Spice is a highly rated, averagely priced coffee  shop and is not kid-friendly.
The coffee shop The Golden Palace is north of the city centre. It serves expensive food and has a 5 star rating.
Strada offers British food in the low price range. It is family friendly with a 3 out of 5 star rating. You can find it near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
Located next to the Crowne Plaza Hotel is a restaurant called The Waterman.  Families are not welcome.
The Punter is a restaurant with high prices.
Cotto, an Indian restaurant, has a high customer rating. This is because it is kid friendly and located near the Ranch.
Browns Cambridge is a fast food restaurant, with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Strada is an Italian pub located near Yippee Noodle Bar with a high customer rating.
The Blue Spice offers Italian food in riverside for less than £20.
The Rice Boat is an average rated place. It is located in the city centre. It provides French food and it isn't family-friendly.
Browns Cambridge restaurant offers mid-price traditional British fare.
Browns Cambridge is an Indian coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre rated 5 out of 5 and family friendly.
There is a low priced coffee shop located near Raja Indian Cuisine called The Wrestlers.
Cocum is a kids friendly pub with a moderate price range. Customer rating is 3 out of 5.
The Olive Grove is a pub that serves Indian food in the twenty to twenty five pound price range near the riverside that is kid friendly.
Located near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café, it's inexpensive and family friendly,  but the Chinese food at Strada has a low customer rating.
Located near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café, The Golden Palace offers high priced pub food in the Riverside area.
moderately priced The Eagle located just up the road from Burger King is a 3 star family friendly eatery.
Alimentum serves French food near Yippee Noodle Bar by the riverside with a high customer rating and a price range of £20-25.
Cotto is a coffee shop with fast food at a high price near The Portland Arms
With the price range running more than £30, it's surprising that Alimentum is a children friendly site that offers Chinese food in the riverside area.
The Rice Boat in Riverside is a 5 star family restaurant.
There is a 5 star restaurant called The Eagle.
Cocum coffee shop has a low customer rating. It is low cost and family friendly.
The Rice Boat near the Express by Holiday Inn serves Chinese food at a high price in a family friendly environment with high customer ratings and is located right in the city centre
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop located in City centre.  It is rated one star.
Near the riverside can be found a moderate-priced, child-friendly pub named The Olive Grove, which serves Italian food.
Midsummer House is a wine bar which is located close to Café Rouge. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Golden Curry serves English food and is family-friendly, and conveniently located in the center of town near the Café Rouge, but it has a low customer rating.
Zizzis Italian restaurant  has an average customer rating as a pub style restaurant that is not classified as family-friendly.
Loch Fyne is a 5 out of 5 rated Chinese restaurant located riverside near The Rice Boat.
If you're looking for an upscale coffee shop, look no further than The Dumpling Tree, a child-friendly, riverside coffee shop near Café Sicilia.
Browns Cambridge is an Indian food restaurant that is cheap and affordable, though customers are not generally pleased and have given the restaurant a low rating.
The French coffee shop, The Eagle, is located in the city centre near Burger King. They are adult oriented and have great reviews.
The Waterman with French food has a high customer rating. This pub is in the riverside area
In city centre near Yippee Noodle Bar  is Alimentum, a fast food store.
At Riverside,The Eagle is rated 5 out of 5 and is cheap
Browns Cambridge is an affordable joint to grab a simple lunch, for work meetings or with friends.
The Golden Palace is a fair priced coffee shop with Japanese food, in the riverside area and great customer rating.
Alimentum is a one star restaurant near the Yippee Noodle Bar
Featuring Chinese food priced less than 20 pounds, The Golden Curry is a a family friendly restaurant located near The Bakers.
The cheap highly rated family-friendly coffee shop called The Eagle is located in the city centre, near Burger King. It serves French food.
Blue Spice has items in the  £20-25 price range and is in riverside.
With prices starting at £0 for delicious Japanese food in a coffee shop environment, The Mill also boasts being close to The Sorrento
Zizzi  is a  restaurant that provides food no kids allowed.
The Wrestlers offers cheap Indian food with average customer rating. It is not family friendly.
In the city centre, near Clare Hall, you can find the moderate Fast food place Bibimbap House.
The Waterman in city center serves Italian food.
The Dumpling Tree is an Indian restaurant with cheap prices
Near The Six Bells is a Fitzbillies, providing cheap Italian food.
In the riverside area is located a child friendly coffee shop.  Prices are in the £20-25 range and the shop has a high customer rating, look for The Zizzi.
Near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café is The Rice Boat. It has a low rating but costs less than £20.
There is a mid price ranged restaurant called The Dumpling Tree.
There is a French cuisine establishment located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café, Strada. The price range is moderate, the environment is not kid friendly and the customer satisfaction rating is a low 1 out of 5.
Located in the city centre The Eagle coffee shop, with a customer Rating of 3 out of 5, offers Indian food for a moderate price.    While it is not kid friendly there is a Burger King nearby.
The Olive Grove is a pub and no children is allowed.
Browns Cambridge is a French coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city. It is not family-friendly and rated average.
A cheap hotel near Cambridge is Fitzbillies, part of the chain called Express by Holiday Inn.  This hotel was rated 5 out of 5.
With a 1 out of 5 rating, Cotto is kid friendly, located near Ranch, and serves French food.
Located next to The Rice Boat is Loch Fyne, offering high-end Italian.
Moderately priced The Rice Boat serves Indian food of a good standard near the Express by Holiday Inn in the city centre. But is not child friendly.
Zizzi is a 5 star rated coffee shop in the riverside area. It serves dishes for more than 30 pounds in an adult environment.
The Strada pub is a French food place near the Yippee Noodle Bar.  It has low customer ratings.
Alimentum offer Italian food at a moderate cost by the riverside. Unfortunately kids are not permitted.
Browns Cambridge is an averagely rated coffee shop located near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre. It is family friendly and serves Indian food.
The Phoenix serves French food and is situated in the riverside area. It has a low customer rating.
with 5 out of 5 stars and in the mid price range Wildwood is a fast food pub
Clowns is a child friendly establishment near Café Sicilia with higher end prices.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is located near Café Adriatic. It has high prices with a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
A pub in the riverside area, The Mill offers Chinese food for less than £20.
Located near Café Rouge, Cotto serves French food.
The Golden Curry provides Chinese food and with an average customer rating they are not family friendly.
The Twenty Two offers kid friendly French food.
The Phoenix is a highly rated restaurant serving British food, it is located on the outskirts of the city centre.
Cotto is a high-priced fast food coffee shop located in city centre near The Portland Arms.
A coffee shop  located near the Riverside area  Fitzbillies is in the low price range and customers have rated it poorly. Its name is Fitzbillies.
The Golden Palace is a very cheap restaurant located in the centre of the city and delivers take away.
The kids friendly The Waterman is average priced
The Eagle, a moderately priced Italian coffee shop in the center of the city near Burger King, has a low customer rating and does not welcome children.
The Phoenix provides Chinese food It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is average.
Loch Fyne is a cheap family friendly Japanese restaurant.
The Waterman, with a 3 out of 5 rating, serves Fast food by the riverside. It has a moderate price range but isn't child friendly.
The Olive Grove is a child friendly, city centre pub.  It serves expensive French food.
Fitzbillies is a great coffee shop which sells Indian food. Prices ranging from £20-25. They have a high customer rating. Can be found in the city centre. No children allowed
Wildwood is an Italian pub with a price range of £20-25.   The pub has a very high customer rating.
Fitzbillies is a child-friendly Japanese coffee shop in the Riverside area with a low customer rating and prices higher than  £30.
Bibimbap House is located near Clare Hall on the riverside. The price is moderate and the food is Italian.
There is a pub located by the riverside that has a 5 out of 5 customer rating and provides Japanese called The Waterman.
Fast food restaurant The Dumpling Tree has  a high price range.
The Taste of Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area with Japanese food.
There is a cheap restaurant The Wrestlers located in the centre of the city that provides take-away deliveries.
Fitzbillies is a kids friendly place located a few steps of the Express by Holiday Inn. Its prices are moderates, and it has  a poor rating  between its clients.
Loch Fyne is a one star restaurant located on the river near The Rice Boat.
Green Man is a pub that serves Indian food in the city centre area near Café Rouge.
For English food at high prices that isn't children-friendly go to The Olive Grove that is a riverside pub
The Waterman is a pub that sells Japanese food and is located in riverside and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Midsummer House is a cheap Japanese restaurant with a five out of five customer rating near All Bar One.
Clowns is a pub that is located by the riverside with a high customer rating and a price range of more than £30.
Highly rated and mid priced, Travellers Rest Beefeater is located in the city centre near Café Adriatic.
There is a variety of wines, cheeses, and fondues to enjoy at The Golden Palace coffee shop.
The Golden Curry is a five star establishment with a family friendly atmosphere.
All Bar One is near a sushi restaurant called Midsummer House.  Midsummer house is averagely priced and has a five star customer rating.
Blue Spice in Riverside has options priced less than £20. It's family-friendly and has an average customer rating.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop located by the riverside. Its moderately priced Indian food has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Strada provides Chinese food in the cheap price range. It is near Rainbow Vegetarian Café. Its customer rating is average.
Aromi is a restaurant in riverside that offers Fast food.
In the Riverside area there is an Italian food venue named The Phoenix. It is in the high price range and has an average customer rating.
For the best in Italian food costing between £20 to £25 in the riverside area, visit Bibimbap House close to Clare Hall.
The Olive Grove is a high priced Indian pub located in the Riverside area and is child friendly.
The Golden Curry, a family-friendly fast food restaurant, has a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
Cocum coffee shop is an inexpensive fast food restaurant. It is not family-friendly and has a 1 of 5 star rating.
The Golden Curry is in riverside near Café Rouge. It is a Japanese venue that is kid friendly with a 1 out of 5 rating.
The Golden Curry is a low-priced family restaurant next to The Bakers.
Wildwood is a highly rated Japanese coffee shop near Ranch.  Prices are average.
Cocum is a non-child friendly pub with a high price range and a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Golden Curry is a low priced restaurant located near The Bakers that is family friendly.
Fitzbillies is a kids friendly coffee shop, located in the riverside area, which provides French food within a price range of £20-25. It has a high customer rating.
eggs and beans are low priced breakfasts at Strada nearby the Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
Zizzi is a pub serving Chinese food. Customers have rated it average but is not family friendly.
Alimentum has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and serves moderately priced Italian food near Yippee Noodle Bar in the riverside area.
Alimentum, reasonably priced English food in the city centre near the Yippee Noodle Bar. 1 star.
Near The Bakers is The Golden Curry, it is fast food. and family friendly.
The Phoenix is a fast food restaurant in the riverside area.  its prices are low.
Strada is low price range restaurant, less than £20. It is family-friendly and has a average rating.
Fitzbillies  near The Six Bells is  a high price ranged Italian
The Phoenix serves English food and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5, it is located in the riverside area.
Fitzbillies is a low-priced restaurant in the city centre Rainbow Vegetarian Café
5 out 5 is the rating you get when you dine at The Rice Boat. Located near Riverside this child friendly Japanese restaurant is exceptional.
Browns Cambridge is a one star fast food restaurant.
The inexpensive Travellers Rest Beefeater is in the riverside area near Café Adriatic and serves average food.
The Vaults is near Café Brazil in the riverside area. It is an expensive coffee shop with an average price range of more than  £30. It has a high customer rating.
Cotto is a French food place near Ranch. It has an average customer rating and is family friendly.
The Punter is right off of the river in The Portland Arms, is cheap, and is not a family friendly environment.
The Golden Curry, in the center of the city, is an Italian restaurant. Close to Café Rouge, it does have a low customer rating.
The Wildwood is an affordable coffee shop that serves Japanese food, located in Ranch.
The Alimentum is a place in the city centre area near Yippee Noodle Bar.  They serve Chinese food with a high price range and a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
There is a restaurant The Golden Curry that is located near to The Six Bells. It does not allow children.
Alimentum is a kid friendly restaurant in Riverside which offers Japanese food for £20-£25.
The Rice Boat, which has an average customer review, is located near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café and is in the high price range.
Aromi is a coffee shop providing Indian food It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
The Phoenix has a  customer rating of 1 out of 5. It serves Italian food and is in the riverside area.
A French restaurant that is priced between 20-25 euros with an average customer rating with a location in the center of the city is The Phoenix.
The Rice Boat is a cheap family friendly place serving French Food. It is in the riverside area near the Express by Holiday Inn. It has a low customer rating.
Midsummer House is a cheap fast food restaurant near All Bar One. It has an average customer rating.
Loch Fyne is a restaurant that serves English food that is not family-friendly.
The Golden Palace is a coffee Shop. It is located in riverside area. High price range and have 3 out of 5 costumer rating.
English restaurant, The Twenty Two, is located near the city centre is and is not family-friendly.
Do not visit The Eagle, they are a low rate fast food eatery.
The Rice Boat is a restaurant located near the Express by Holiday Inn in city centre, where it offers English food in a no kids friendly environment at a price range of £20-25
Blue Spice is located in the riverside. It serves English food in the range of £20-25.
Alimentum serves Indian cuisine at cheap, affordable prices. Customers have rated the food as average. Alimentum can be found near the riverside and Yippee Noodle Bar.
Near The Bakers is The Golden Curry, a family friendly restaurant.
A medium priced burger restaurant called Alimentum is a great venue for families.
In riverside is The Phoenix. Serving Chinese with a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
The Phoenix is a very well-respected restaurant in the city centre that serves gourmet Chinese cuisine.
Italian pub called Giraffe by the riverside. Is children friendly.
In the city centre is The Mill, which is a fast food pub in the city centre.
High priced pub named The Golden Palace is located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café at the riverside.
Browns Cambridge is rated high by its customers and has a price range of more than £30.
Loch Fyne is a restaurant that serves Indian food and welcomes kids.
Offering cheap but 5 out of 5 rated fast food for adults, The Cocum coffee shop is not family-friendly.
Midsummer House serves a French food, and this French restaurant is locate  near Café Rouge. Midsummer House, but it has average rating.
The Punter is a family friendly coffee shop in the less than £20 range.  They serve Japanese food and can be found near Café Sicilia.   They have a low customer rating.
In the city centre you'll find an Italian restaurant called The Phoenix which as a price range of £20-25 and a high customer rating.
The Cambridge Blue is an Italian pub near Café Brazil whose meals are more than 30 pounds.
The Wrestlers is a low rated, reasonably priced sushi restaurant. It does not cater for families.
Serving French food, The Phoenix is located in the riverside area and has a low customer rating.
Located next to The Bakers, The Golden Curry offers great food for the family at amazingly affordable prices.
Green Man serves Chinese food in the high price range and is located at the riverside near All Bar One and it is children friendly
There is a kids friendly restaurant located in city centre called The Waterman.
The Olive Grove is a family friendly pub that offer drinks at a high price.
The Twenty Two by riverside serves Japanese food and family friendly.
The Waterman provides Chinese food in the cheap price range. It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
The Giraffe is a pub located in the city centre, selling French food. It is not suitable for families.
If looking for a moderately priced 1 out of 5 star restaurant near the riverside, Travellers Rest Beefeater is a good option - located near Café Adriatic.
The Eagle is an Italian coffee shop in riverside near Burger King with a customer rating of 1 out of 5
Browns Cambridge is a place with moderate price range but low customer rating.
A cheap, family friendly restaurant, Clowns, is near Café Sicilia.
A children friendly pub near Ranch with an average customer rating is named The Cricketers.
Taste of Cambridge is a restaurant ranging at less than 20 pounds. It has low ratings.
There is a restaurant near All Bar One called Midsummer House that is expensive.
Alimentum is a decent assessment of clients and offers eating fast food at average prices. nearby there is a Yippee Noodle Bar
Cotto is a kid friendly restaurant near Ranch offering Japanese food with a high customer rating.
The Olive Grove is an affordable pub but no kids is allowed.
The Cambridge Blue pub is expensive and offers gourmet burgers
The Golden Curry is a family friendly Chinese place with a low customer rating in the city centre near Café Rouge.
If you are looking for a high-priced restaurant, go to Browns Cambridge, a Japanese restaurant with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Mill is a Chinese pub with price range less than £20 in city centre.
Located near Café Adriatic, in the city centre, the Travellers Rest Beefeater has a current customer rating of 3 out of 5, with a price range of £20-25.
The Wrestlers offers French food at a price range of above £30. Whilst not child friendly it has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Located near Café Rouge, in the city centre, The Green Man pub serves English food.
For a nice pub try The Vaults, located near Café Adriatic.
For cheap food there is The Wrestlers public house.  It is not family friendly and has one out of five stars.
There is an average priced British pub called Wildwood. It has a 3 out of 5 customer rating.
The Golden Curry serves English food.  It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 and is not family-friendly.
Bibimbap House is located near The Rice Boat, in the city centre. They serve Italian food.
The Dumpling Tree is an Italian restaurant. They Dumpling Tree has high prices.
Low priced Travellers Rest Beefeater is in city centre located near Café Adriatic. It is low priced with an average customer rating.
It's an Italian one. In a pub matter. Noodles are their specialty. The Mill is a very popular place too.
Zizzi is a coffee Shop have 3 out of 5 costumer rating, and £20-26 price range. It is located in city center.
There is an expensive coffee shop called Zizzi in riverside that is not children friendly and only has a 3 out of 5 rating.
Low priced, family friendly restaurant Fitzbillies in the riverside area rated three star.
When thinking of taking the children out for French cuisine, The Golden Curry is highly recommended with a 5 out of a possible 5 rating.
High rated English food served at the Alimentum located in the city centre near Yippee Noodle Bar.
For Japanese food near The Sorrento on the riverside, go to Browns Cambridge.
There is a cheap pub The Plough located near Café Rouge that provides Italian food.
A kid friendly coffee shop is Cocum, offering high customer ratings and £30 dining options.
Wildwood is a coffee shop providing Indian food in the moderate price range. It is near Ranch. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
If you are looking for a 5 out of 5 restaurant, try Browns Cambridge.  It has a price range over 30.
Located on the riverside near All Bar One, Green Man is a French venue that costs more than £30 and is not child friendly.
The Twenty Two is a family-Friendly Italian place located beside riverside.
Riverside area there's a average customer rating . Alimentum is near Yippee Noodle Bar that serves Italian food and has a cheap price range.
There is a coffee shop in the riverside area named Zizzi.  It is not child-friendly, has a low customer rating, and possesses a price range of around £30.
The Rice Boat is an affordable Italian restaurant locates in the city centre , near the Express by Holiday Inn.  Although it is not family-friendly, it has very cheap prices.
Wildwood is an English pub in the low price range with high customer ratings.
The Cricketers is a coffee shop that offers Fast food to its customers. It is located near The Portland Arms, has a rating of 1 out 5 stars, and is child-friendly.
Loch Fyne is a well-received restaurant with a wide range of delicious Indian food.  It also delivers a fantastic service to young children.
The Golden Curry provides average English food. Although it is not a family-friendly restaurant.
Browns Cambridge is restaurant in the 30 and up price range, with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Phoenix is a French food restaurant in riverside. It has a 3 out of 5 customer rating.
Blue Spice, located along the riverside near Avalon, is a decent, family-friendly coffee shop.
The Wrestlers serves Chinese food for £20-25 that has high customer ratings that is also kid friendly.
Blue Spice serves Chinese food in the riverside area. Their food is expensive.
Rated 3 out of 5, Strada is child friendly and high priced.
5 out of 5 stars from its customers, Aromi is a children friendly, French coffee shop by the river.
Browns Cambridge serves English food and is child friendly. It is located by the Riverside near to  The Sorrento.
The Rice Boat provides French food. It is located at riverside near Express by Holiday Inn. It has a price range of more than £30, a low customer rating, and is not children friendly.
The Eagle has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 with its servings of French food.
The Olive Grove in the Riverside area is a child friendly pub, but has a high price range.
Giraffe is a high priced, kid friendly coffee shop located near The Bakers.
The Mill is a pub that provides Indian food in the more than £30 price range. It is located in the riverside.
There is an English pub near Yippee Noodle Bar. It is called Strada and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Phoenix is a 1 star fast food restaurant located north of the city centre and is high-priced.
For £20-25, The Rice Boat serves English cuisine in Riverside near Express by Holiday Inn. Not kids friendly.
Located in the City centre area near the Express by Holiday Inn, is the fast-food restaurant The Rice Boat.  This low-cost, family-friendly location receives 1 out of 5 stars.
The Olive Grove is a pub that provides Indian food in the high price range. It is located in the city centre.
Near The Bakers, Giraffe is a child friendly coffee shop with a high price range and a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Eagle is located in the riverside area. It is rated as high by its customers with an above average price range.
The Rice Boat is Located a mile from the city centre near the river edge is our three star family friendly establishment offering a good choice of food and drink for all the family young and old.
The Golden Curry is a Chinese family friendly restaurant that has average ratings. It is located in Riverside next to the Café Rouge.
Cocum is a family friendly coffee shop serving French food under £20 with a low customer rating
Strada is a low-priced restaurant close to the Rainbow Vegetarian Café that provides fast foods and is family friendly.
The Olive Grove is a pub selling good sushi at low prices , but not familiar. It is north of the City Centre.
Wildwood is a highly rated French pub with a price range of £20-25.
The Vaults, a City Centre coffee shop with a river view, is priced as a mid-range shop. Café Brazil, a neighboring establishment, is less than a block away along that same river.
The Rice Boat serves English food on the city centre.
Not all age groups are allowed at a store Zizzi pub that provides good quality food and drinks.
The Strada is an exciting Italian restaurant that is not only affordable, but quiet because no minors are allowed. It is right next to the Rainbow Vegetarian Café
Welcome to The Waterman, located by the riverside. We serve English food and our price range is cheap. We are not family-friendly and our customer rating is average.
The Rice Boat is a Italian restaurant it is located near Express by Holiday Inn it is children friendly with an average customer rating the price range is high and it is located near the city centre
The Eagle is a restaurant serving English food with a top customer rating.
Strada is an Italian food venue near Rainbow Vegetarian Café that is children friendly and doesn't cost more than £30.
There is an Italian restaurant, The Phoenix, located in riverside. It has a 3 out of 5 rating.
Aromi is coffee shop that has Italian food and high customer rating. It is riverside and children friendly.
The Phoenix serves English food on the riverside. This venue has a high customer rating.
The Vaults is a fast food restaurant that is children friendly with a price range of more than £30.
The Travellers Rest Beefeater is a family friendly restaurant where you can eat for cheap.
Located on the riverside, The Olive Grove is a great restaurant for the family
A family friendly pub in the riverside area, the Giraffe also offers Chinese food.
With an average customer rating, Loch Fyne is in the city centre, near to The Rice Boat, a Japanese restaurant.
Midsummer House serves Italian food near All Bar One. It is moderately priced and has a high rating of 5 out of 5.
Strada provides Chinese food in the high price range. It is near Rainbow Vegetarian Café. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Dumpling Tree is a restaurant with fair prices.
The Rice Boat is a family-friendly Fast food restaurant in the city centre with an excellent customer rating.
Alimentum is a burger restaurant suitable for families and offers medium prices.
Loch Fyne is an Indian food restaurant in riverside near The Rice Boat. It has a 5 out of 5 rating.
A good Fast food restaurant is The Phoenix with a high costumer rating and low prices starting at £20-25. Located in city centre.
A cheap English food place in riverside is Blue Spice.
The Twenty Two is children friendly, and serves Japanese food on the riverside.
In the riverside area near The Portland Arms, The Punter is a choice that is both frugally priced and family friendly.
The Wildwood is a mid ranged pub with average customer reviews.
The Wrestlers is a place that serves French food less than £20. Average Ratings. Not family-friendly.
Giraffe near The Bakers is a coffee shop that is kid friendly, moderate price range  and has a 1 out of 5 rating.
The Waterman is a non family-friendly establishment serving Italian food with a price range between £20-25 and a high customer rating in the city centre.
Bibimbap House is located in City centre. They are an expensive Italian restaurant near Clare Hall.
The Phoenix is a low price restaurant that does take out.
The Green Man is a quiet establishment near the city center with dishes less than £20.
The Cambridge Blue is a moderately priced pub. It is located close to Café Brazil.
The Rice Boat rated 5 out of 5 is a non family-friendly Italian restaurant in the city centre
There is a French coffee shop near Café Sicilia named The Punter which is not children friendly, has a low customer rating and has a price range more than £30.
An Indian food restaurant that is moderately priced is called the Loch Fyne.  It is kid friendly and moderately priced.
The Mill is a coffee shop in the city centre that serves Italian food. You will find it near The Sorrento. its prices are moderate.
The Phoenix is a restaurant that sells Italian food and is located in the city centre. It has a cheap price range and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Waterman is a kid friendly fast food restaurant, with high customer rating and a price range of £20-25. It is located in the riverside area.
The Golden Curry provides Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is near The Bakers.
With an average customer rating, The Phoenix serves English food and is located in city centre.
The Eagle is a fast food restaurant providing take-away deliveries in the high price range. It is located after Burger King .
The high-end riverside restaurant The Rice Boat is located near the Express by Holiday Inn hotel. It caters for families.
Alimentum is a mid-priced 1 star restaurant located near Yippee Noodle Bar.
The Cricketers, is a high-rating, kid-friendly coffee shop near The Portland Arms which offers Japanese food.
If you are in the mood for Japanese food, try The Punter.  It is a family Friendly coffee shop in the less than £20 price range with a low customer Rating.  It is located near Café Sicilia.
The Olive Grove is a restaurant that is low-priced and family-oriented.
The Cambridge Blue is located in the city centre, it is a lowly fast food restaurant.
The Olive Grove is a Fast-food pub in the riverside area that has a price range of less than 20 pounds, but is not family-friendly.
Cocum is a pub with moderate prices. It has a 1 out of 5 rating and is kid friendly.
Strada is a kid friendly place within the price range of £20 - £25 that is highly rated.
Priced at more than L30, the family friendly pub The Plough is currently serving Indian food near Café Rouge.
Located in the riverside area near the Yippee Noodle Bar, Alimentum is a high priced Indian restaurant with a 1 of 5 customer rating.
The Wrestlers is a non-family-friendly English restaurant  with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 and has a cheap price range.
The Golden Curry is a three star pasta restaurant, and is family friendly.
With a customer rating of 1 out of 5, Zizzi is a children friendly pub that serves Italian food.
There is a restaurant Green Man in the riverside area.
The Eagle is a moderately priced coffee shop, located by Burger King and offers a family friendly atmosphere.
The Eagle is a coffee shop that serves French food. It is located in the center of the city near Burger King. It is not family-friendly. The customer rating is low and the price range is less than £20.
The Wrestlers is a cheap family friendly French pub and a coffee shop located near Raja Indian Cuisine near riverside
The Twenty Two is children friendly located in the riverside area and serves French food.
There is a pub called the Green Man in the riverside area serving English food. It is near the Café Rouge.
Pub called Giraffe is a Fast food, family-friendly and located in the city centre
There is a low-rated coffee shop, Browns Cambridge, located in the centre of the city near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It serves French food and is not family-friendly.
The Cambridge Blue is a fast food restaurant rated 3 out of 5.
Blue Spice is in the riverside area, it is a fast food restaurant with a moderate price range.
located within Riverside The Twenty Two serves Japanese food  and is kids Friendly
The Rice Boat, located riverside by Express by Holiday Inn, is not children friendly. The prices are high, and the customer rating is average.
There's a moderately priced Japanese pub called The Plough that's kid friendly. It's near Café Rouge.
The Punter is a expensive coffee shop that providing average range food and family services. It is located in city center after Café Sicilia
Near Express by Holiday Inn, is Fitzbillies, with a family friendly environment average customer rating and reasonable pricing.
In the Riverside area you can find the family friendly The Twenty Two restaurant offering up English food.
The Plough is a friendly pub near to the Café Rouge in Dulwich, and it serves nice and fresh French foods for it's visitor on affordable prices. Unfortunately it is not kids friendly.
The Rice Boat near Express by Holiday Inn, in the centre of the city, has English food,  moderate prices and is not kid friendly.  It has 1 out of 5 on customer ratings.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop that is family-friendly they serve fast food that is in City center that is near Crowne Plaza Hotel that has a low customer rating.
Riverside offers this affordably priced pub, The Golden Palace located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
In Riverside, there is a restaurant named The Phoenix which serves French food, but the customer rating is low
Clowns is a child friendly venue costing more than £30, it is located near Café Sicilia.
Near The Bakers, The Golden Curry serves English food has a high price range and is not child friendly.
There is a restaurant The Rice Boat that provides a high quality foods. It is opened to all age groups.
A Japanese food restaurant that rates 5 out of 5 is Loch Fyne which is near The Rice Boat in the riverside area.
The Waterman is an expensive restaurant offering sushi.  It is located in City centre.
A great French coffee shop called Fitzbillies is near the riverside. The prices range from 20-25 and is kid friendly.
The Twenty Two provides Chinese food It is located in the riverside.
Midsummer House near, Café Rouge, serves a 5 out of 5, French menu
By the riverside is a coffee shop called The Eagle that serves Japanese food near Burger King. It is rated average, not child friendly and priced a bit high.
Kid friendly French food at The Twenty Two.
The Waterman is a Japanese kid friendly restaurant located near the Crown Plaza Hotel.
The Golden Curry is located near The Bakers serves Chinese food with a high price range, and is considered children friendly.
Blue Spice is a cheap, non-family-friendly restaurant in riverside with a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
The Olive Grove is a family friendly Indian pub in the city centre that is priced lower than 20.
Located by the river, The Phoenix is a high-rated fast food place, with prices more than £30.
Providing pub food in the moderate price range, Cocum is child friendly and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
For a cheap price serving Chinese look for The Dumpling Tree restaurant.
Zizzi is a low rating and serving pub type French food.
The Twenty Two is child friendly and serves Fast food located in the city centre.
Near The Rice Boat, Loch Fyne is a low rating English rating restaurant in riverside.
Located by the riverside, The Rice Boat is a French restaurant that has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 but isn't family-friendly.
In the riverside area is a fast food coffee shop called The Golden Palace that has a moderate price range and a 3 out of 5  rating.
There is a non-family-friendly restaurant that serves Japanese food by the riverside.  It is called The Twenty Two.
Cotto is a coffee shop that offers delicious Indian food, although the price range is high, you will be pleased to know Cotto has high customer ratings. It is located in Riverside near The Portland Arms.
The Olive Grove is a pub in the riverside area which has Indian food with prices over 30 pounds. It is child friendly.
There is an Indian restaurant by the city centre near the Express by Holiday Inn with a 1 out of 5 rating and high price range that is not child friendly named The Rice Boat.
The Japanese restaurant, The Golden Curry, is a restaurant that is not family-friendly and has low customer ratings.
Moderately priced, Taste of Cambridge is a restaurant with an unfortunately low customer rating.
In the city centre near the Yippee Noodle Bar you will find Alimentum.  An Indian restaurant with moderate ratings and prices
The Golden Palace is a Japanese coffee shop in the riverside area with a low customer rating. it costs more than £30.
Located in the city centre, The Waterman is a child friendly French restaurant with a price range of more than 30.
Alimentum provides Chinese food in the high price range. It is located in the riverside. It is near Yippee Noodle Bar. Its customer rating is average.
The venue 'Alimentum' is located in the city centre. They have a high price range, serve English food and are children friendly.
The Golden Curry serves Italian food in the high price range. It is children friendly and is located near The Bakers.
The Vaults is a cheap pub with a customer rating of 5  out of 5. It is located near Café Adriatic.
You can find great Italian food, for less than £20, at The Dumpling Tree. It is a great family restaurant.
Alimentum is a well priced one star fast food restaurant near the city centre and Yippee Noodle Bar.
Near The Rice Boat on the riverside is Loch Fyne.  They get a customer rating of 3 out of 5 for their French food.
The Dumpling Tree is a kid friendly Japanese pub located near The Portland Arms.
Strada Japanese food is located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café. They have low ratings, they are family friendly, and their prices range less than 20.
The Rice Boat, near Express by Holiday Inn, located in riverside, is a cheap Italian restaurant. It has average customer ratings and is not family-friendly.
Alimentum is an Indian restaurant that is moderately priced. It is kid friendly and in the city centre.
A cheap Italian pub, The Cambridge Blue is located near Café Brazil.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop, by Crowne Plaza Hotel, 3 star rating and is family friendly.
Children friendly coffee shop Taste of Cambridge that serves French food can be found at riverside near Crown Plaza Hotel.
The Golden Curry provides Indian food Its customer rating is low.
The Golden Palace is a cheap coffee shop in the middle of the city.
Blue Spice is a family friendly restaurant located by the riverside.  Price ranges are moderate and it is rated 1 out of 5.
The Vaults is a cheap family friendly restaurant offering English food.
There is an Indian food restaurant called The Cambridge Blue. Although, they do have a low customer rating.
The Rice Boat, located in the city centre, near Express by Holiday Inn, is a Japaneses style restaurant with  low prices, high ratings, and family-friendly atmosphere.
The family can enjoy Italian at the kid friendly The Twenty Two.
Located in Riverside, The Phoenix Japanese restaurant has a price range from £20-25 and a high customer rating.
Located in the city centre, near Rainbow Vegetarian Café, The Golden Palace is a pub in the more than £30 price range.
Want to pay less than £20, go to Blue Spice, English food  in the city center.
There is restaurant Loch Fyne that offers food and drinks at low prices.
The Olive Grove is a pub providing take-away deliveries to your family, such as tasty hamburgers. It is located in the city centre.
There is a restaurant called The Golden Curry which provides Indian food, it has a 5 out of 5 rating but is not family friendly.
A good kid-friendly, English restaurant is Loch Fyne.
The Eagle is a moderately priced restaurant in Riverside.
There is a cheap Indian restaurant named Blue Spice near riverside.
There is a cheap, family friendly French coffee shop called Cocum. It has a customer Rating of 5 out of 5.
The Japanese restaurant Alimentum situated down the riverside is a kids friendly place with average price range.
Browns Cambridge gets a 5 out of 5 customer rating.  It serves English food at affordably cheap prices.
Green Man is a children friendly restaurant that serves expensive English food. Its located in riverside near All Bar One.
Browns Cambridge provides Chinese food in the £20-25 price range. Its customer rating is high.
There is a 3 out of 5 rated, kid friendly restaurant called The Golden Curry.
The Plough is a pub serving Indian food situated near to Café Rouge. It is moderately priced, but isn't kids friendly.
Eat in Browns Cambridge. French food for less than £20 but  has a low  customer rating
A family friendly Indian restaurant with an average customer rating is The Golden Curry.
The Rice Boat serves Chinese food in the moderate price range with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and is kids friendly in the riverside area near Express by Holiday Inn.
there's a family friendly coffee shop in a cheap price range  near Raja Indian Cuisine  called The Wrestlers
The Waterman pub has a low rating and serves Indian food in Riverside.
Located near Express by Holiday Inn is The Rice Boat, kid friendly, has French food, a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and a price range of 20-25 euros.
Strada is a low-priced, family-friendly restaurant that customers rate as average.
Located near the Café Brazil you will find the pub The Cambridge Blue.  On the menu is some very good English food and the prices are great £20-25.
Blue Spice is an expensive Japanese restaurant in riverside providing at a starting price of £30.
The Golden Curry is a family-friendly fast food restaurant rated 5 out of 5 and located in the city centre near Café Rouge.
There is an expensive pub near the Café Brazil called The Cambridge Blue that sell wines and spirits.
A restaurant that serves average-rate English food is The Cambridge Blue.
The coffee shop, Taste of Cambridge also serves French food. It is located near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre, and is not family-friendly.
Italian food at an average price can be bought at The Mill. This is a coffee shop neat The Sorrento in the city centre.
The Plough is an Indian pub near Café Rouge in  the range of over 30 euros, also welcoming children.
Although not family friendly, The Golden Curry has an outstanding rating of 5 out of 5. It serves up some delicious Indian food. It is located in the city centre near Café Rouge.
The Eagle is a coffee shop, located in the city centre area near to Burger King which serves Italian food. It is cheap and family-friendly with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
There is a cheap pub that serves Chinese food called The Olive Grove. It is very cheap. The pub is located by the riverside and is very family friendly.
The Rice Boat public house is in the city centre close to Express by Holiday Inn.  It is moderately priced, has 1 out of 5 stars and is family friendly.
Customers absolutely love The Rice Boat, a children-friendly Italian restaurant located in the Riverside area.
The Olive Grove is a pub that is kid friendly. Their prices are moderate for their English food. They are located in city centre.
The Twenty Two is a kid friendly place and serves English food.
Scoring 3 out of 5 stars, Clowns is a low cost pub located by the river.
Zizzi is a non-child friendly coffee shop located near the city centre. While it has high customer reviews, it also has prices ranging from 20-25 pounds.
The Dumpling Tree is a restaurant serving Indian food with prices less than £20
In the city centre there is a high price, children friendly pub called The Olive Grove that serves Indian food.
The Rice Boat serves Chinese food, price range is cheap, customer service average,  in City Centre,  family friendly,  located near Express by Holiday Inn
If you are looking for somewhere serving French food there is a children friendly restaurant down by the riverside called The Waterman. I think it is about £30, maybe more and has quite low customer rating.
The Cambridge Blue is an English food restaurant with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Mill is a coffee shop that sells fast food. It is moderately priced, located in the riverside area near The Sorrento.
The Golden Curry isn't family-friendly, or highly rated by customers, however it's English food, and right in the center of the city near, Café Rouge.
The French restaurant, The Waterman, in the riverside area, is not family-friendly but has an average customer rating and offers prices less than 20.
Cotto is a cheap coffee shop down the road from The Portland Arms. It has high customer reviews.
There is a coffee shop near the city centre and Burger King called The Eagle.  It is both rated low and in the low price range, serves Indian food, and is not family friendly.
The Waterman pub is located on the river. It is rated three stars.
The English restaurant named The Rice Boat has a high customer rating, on average costing over 30 pounds. It is located in the city centre near the Express by Holiday Inn.
Average restaurant named Strada.
A restaurant in the riverside area, The Phoenix, offers English food in the lower price range but has a low customer rating.
The Rice Boat has an average customer rating and is not suitable for children. It is situated near the riverside and serves English food.
Fitzbillies costs more than £30 and is near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café
Strada is child-friendly, but costs a lot and gets a low customer rating.
Wildwood, a restaurant with a low customer rating, is near Café Rouge.
There is a family-friendly  coffee shop Aromi in the city centre that provides Italian food but has low customer rating.
The Eagle is an Italian coffee shop in City Centre, near Burger King, that is family friendly, pricey and highly rated.
Near Café Rouge is a highly rated restaurant called Wildwood.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop. It offers Indian food. It is in the high price range. It has a average customer rating. It is in the riverside area. It is not a children friendly restaurant.
An expensive child Friendly restaurant is The Waterman.
The Waterman offers an adult-oriented Italian menu.  This city center restaurant has a perfect 5 out of 5 rating.
The Mill is a coffee shop located in City centre, near The Sorrento, that serves average-priced Italian cuisine.
price Range is £20-25, name The Punter, food is Italian
Find low rated Japanese food on the riverside at Alimentum, near the Yippee Noodle Bar, the price point is more than £30.
There is a kid friendly Chinese food restaurant with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 near Ranch. It is named Cotto.
The family friendly pub, Taste of Cambridge is near The Sorrento in riverside.
The Midsummer House is a restaurant serving English food with an average customer rating. It is located near the Café Rouge.
Fitzbillies is an Italian style restaurant, which is kid friendly, but has a low customer rating of 1 out of 5.  The price range is high and located in city centre.
The Punter, is restaurant more than £30
You can eat cheaply at a low rated Chinese place called Midsummer House near All Bar One.
Strada is a Japanese  pub, near Yippee Noodle Bar. Strada has a great customer Rating of 5 out of 5.
There is a family restaurant that provides picnic lunches as well as wine and spirits near the Café Rouge called The Golden Curry but it has terrible reviews.
Giraffe is a family-friendly pub ,serving high quality French food. It is located in the city centre.
Check out The Twenty Two pub in riverside, near Café Sicilia, rated 5 out of 5 by our customers.
There is a fast food, coffee shop located near Raja Indian Cuisine in Riverside called The Wrestlers. The coffee shop is in the higher price range and is children friendly.
Wildwood coffee shop is located near to  the outskirts of town, with the Ranch nearby.  Wildwood also offers light meal options.
Near the Express by Holiday Inn is Fitzbillies. It is moderately priced and family friendly.
Cocum is an expensive but child friendly pub that has been given a poor rating by its customers.
Green Man provides Indian food in the high price range. It is located in the city centre. It is near All Bar One.
Zizzi is a family-friendly coffee shop located in riverside with an average rating and prices less than £20.
Alimentum is a kids friendly restaurant, which serves English food in moderate price and located on the riverside.
The Mill is an English pub  located in the city centre with a moderate price range.
The Golden Curry is a restaurant located near The Bakers. It is a kid friendly restaurant that offers a variety of quality native foods. They offer low priced foods for great quality.
The Rice Boat serving Indian cuisine located in Riverside kid friendly environment.
The Golden Curry is a low rated kid friendly fast food place, located on the riverside near Café Rouge.
The Cambridge Blue is a restaurant serving Japanese food. It has an average customer rating.
The pub, The Mill, is a casual and low cost pub that is located conveniently outside of the city center.
Strada, rated 5 out of 5 by customers, serves cheap Japanese food. Its not family-friendly, and is located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
The Rice Boat is a 1 star rating place  does not allow children.  It's far from the City centre
The Waterman is an Italian restaurant that is kid-friendly near the city center and is moderately priced with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Eagle is a restaurant that sells good quality Italian food located in the City center.
The Wrestlers provides Indian food in the less than £20 price range. Its customer rating is low.
Near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café is a low rated French restaurant that is family friendly called Strada which will cost less than £20
A children friendly coffee shop located in the riverside area near Café Sicilia, The Dumpling Tree has prices more than £30.
A three star restaurant called Browns Cambridge offers a selection of fish at a high price range.
Near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café, there is a place called The Rice Boat. It is high-priced, and has a 3 out of 5 customer rating.
The Olive Grove is an English  family-friendly pub with price ranges of less than £20.  It is situated by the riverside.
Strada is a mid-priced family friendly restaurant near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
Clowns is a coffee shop serving Indian food in the city centre near Clare Hall.  It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Cocum is a child friendly restaurant. It has a high customer rating.
Browns Cambridge is an Indian restaurant located by the riverside near The Sorrento And It is not Children Friendly
A somewhat more pricey choice for Indian food is The Plough. It is a children-friendly pub, located near Café Rouge.
The Waterman is a Chinese restaurant in riverside  with a price range of 20-25. It is kid friendly, has a high customer rating.
Cocum is a restaurant with an Average customer rating. It is family friendly.
The Rice Boat has a great rating located in the city centre with awesome Italian food
Browns Cambridge is child friendly serving Italian food in riverside close to The Sorrento
The Wrestlers coffee shop, located next to Raja Indian Cuisine, is a low-cost, family friendly place offering burgers and fries.
Located in the city centre, Fitzbillies is a child-friendly coffee shop with a 5 out of 5 rating. It serves Japanese food in the high price range.
Midsummer House is a budget English restaurant near All Bar One, but it has a low customer rating.
The restaurant, The Twenty Two is a non family-friendly restaurant that serves Italian food.
Along the riverside near the Express by Holiday Inn is the Fast food which a high price range and not so children friendly named The Rice Boat
There is Japanese food at The Waterman, located near Crown Plaza Hotel. The Waterman is child friendly.
The Cricketers, near Ranch, is a child friendly pub with an average customer rating.
The English food at The Waterman pub  great customer ratings.  The Waterman is in the riverside area.
The Green Man on the riverside close to Café Rouge, is a pub serving Japanese food.
The Cricketers, located near The Portland Arms, is  a coffee shop that serves Italian food.  This adults only coffee shop has an average customer rating that is low.
Cotto is regularly priced coffee shop serving French food.  It is rated 3 out of 5. It is located near The Portland Arms  neat the city centre.
With excellent customer ratings and a cheap price range, the French coffee shop Cotto is located near The Portland Arms.
The Wrestlers offers a pleasant atmosphere of fast food , visit .
The Wrestlers provides Indian food in the moderate price range.  It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and is not kid friendly.
Priced at less than £20 The Vaults is a family Friendly place to get Japanese food
The Vaults restaurant specializes in English cuisine.
Browns Cambridge has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and offers a price range of £20-25.
The Golden Curry near Café Rouge in riverside is a decent place to take the family for Italian.
Strada is an Italian restaurant that is family friendly with a moderate price range and a 1 star rating. it is located near to Rainbow Vegetarian Café
Wildwood is a pub with a 5 star rating. It serves food and is in the average price range. It is in the city centre.
yes, The Olive Grove is Fast food located in the city centre with pub in the high price range
For a high priced restaurant in the riverside area try Zizzi. The Wildwood is a high priced pub with a rating of 3 out of 5.
Bibimbap House, located near Clare Hall and the riverside, is a fast food restaurant that provides food at a medium price range.
Blue Spice is cheap and family friendly, located in Riverside. Low customer rating.
The city centre has a children friendly high priced French restaurant called The Waterman with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge, budget food and drink. 3 star
There is a pub named The Plough located near Café Rouge that is kid friendly and offers Italian food at a price range between £20 to £25.
Midsummer House is a three star restaurant in Cambridge located near Café Rouge
Strada is  Japanese pub that is well received and right by Yippee Noodle Bar
Located in the Riverside area, The Rice Boat serves Chinese food and is family friendly. They have a low customer rating.
The Golden Curry, located near The Bakers, offers wine, cheese platters, and fondue for a mid-level price.
The Vaults is a coffee shop with a customer rating of 3 out of 5, which I situated within the city centre near Café Brazil and has a price range of £20-25.
There is a pub that serves Japanese food with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 called The Waterman.
The Cocum is children friendly offering pub food at high prices with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
You can get English cuisine at The Phoenix. It's rated about average. It's also located at the city center.
In the Riverside, there is a Japanese highly-rated, child friendly, coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel named Browns Cambridge.
Blue Spice is a nice coffee shop in the Riverside area near Avalon with low prices, a large clientele and a lovely family atmosphere
The Cricketers is a low rated but family friendly pub near Ranch.
The Wrestlers is a high price restaurant.  It is kid friendly.
The Wrestlers is a place that is for the whole family where fast food can be eaten. It is a bit expensive for the quality.
The Olive Grove is an upscale pub offering entries and brew.
The Wrestlers is a children-friendly coffee shop that serves French food and is found in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine.  The price range is more than £30.
The Golden Curry, an English restaurant in a moderate price range that is not kids friendly is situated near The Bakers
Browns Cambridge is a kids-friendly Fast food, near The Sorrento on a riverside.
The Twenty Two is a fast food restaurant that is children friendly.
The Wrestlers is an English restaurant with prices under £20. It is not family-friendly and has a low customer rating.
Strada is a pub located near of Yippee Noodle Bar.
The Waterman is a French pub located in Riverside. It has an average customer rating.
The Olive Grove is a French restaurant not provide food for children or Happy Meal
The Vaults, is a high priced pub with a 3 out of 5 rating near Café Adriatic.
The Dumpling Tree is a restaurant providing Chinese food in the more than £30 price range.
Located near The Bakers is a kid friendly restaurant called The Plough. It has a price range of £20-25.
Looking for a one star family friend pub, try Zizzi.
The Golden Palace restaurant offers prices less than £20.
The Rice Boat is a restaurant of average rating, is offering Chinese food and is child friendly. It is located at a riverside.
Located by the river side, Giraffe is an English pub that is also kid-friendly.
The Rice Boat is a family friendly one star restaurant located outside of the City centre.
The Golden Curry is a traditional British restaurant located on the riverside near Café Rouge.
A cheap coffee shop near Café Sicilia is The Punter. It is not family Friendly .
The Phoenix is an average Fast food in the riverside area.
high priced, Italian restaurant Loch Fyne is a child friendly location.
The Golden Curry is a fast food joint located near Café Rouge by the riverside. with an average customer rating they are family friendly
The Rice Boat provides Chinese food in the less than £20 price range. It is located in the riverside. It is near Express by Holiday Inn. Its customer rating is low.
Kid friendly  Browns Cambridge  serves Indian in  riverside, near The Sorrento.
With prices ranging less than £20, Taste of Cambridge is a restaurant with average customer ratings.
The Midsummer House is a low-priced 3 star restaurant located near All Bar One.
Taste of Cambridge is a coffee shop that has French food and is children friendly. It is located near Crowne Plaza Hotel on the riverside.
Italian food in Cotto near Ranch, kids friendly customer rating 3 out of 5.
Blue Spice is children-friendly, highly priced and near riverside. It has an average customer rating.
Fitzbillies is a 5-star, moderately-priced coffee shop on the River to the north of the City centre. This family-friendly eatery serves a range of fast-food options.
Located riverside, Zizzi is a kid-friendly coffee shop with a high customer rating. Their price range is £20-25.
The Waterman cooks up moderate priced English cuisine on the riverside. Its kids friendly but has a 1 out of 5 average customer rating.
The Golden Curry is a restaurant with a customer rating of 1 out 5 that is also non-family friendly.
There is high-priced Italian restaurant Alimentum located in the riverside that is in the riverside and it is children friendly.
The Olive Grove is in the centre of the city.  It's a pub that serves English food. It has a price range of less than £20 and is family-friendly.
The Rice Boat,  near Express by Holiday Inn in Riverside serves French food in a family friendly environment and has low customer ratings.
The Dumpling Tree is a sit-down type restaurant serving Fast food less than 20
Midsummer House is a 5 star fine dining restaurant that serves wine and cheese and grapes and fondue close to Café Rouge
Near The Bakers is The Golden Curry, which is a fast food place with a price range of less than £20 and is not family-friendly.
The Punter is an expensive restaurant that serves sushi.
Loch Fyne is a kid friendly Chinese restaurant with a medium-high price range.
The Punter is located in city centre near The Portland Arms. The restaurant, although priced at more than £30, are children friendly.
Zizzi is an adult friendly coffee shop near the riverside area. It has prices ranging from more than 30 pounds.
Bibimbap House is a fast food restaurant near Clare Hall in the city centre. It offers meals in the high price range.
Zizzi is a pub and family friendly that serves Japanese food but is rated low.
There is a mid-priced pub the Wildwood serving wine and cheese.
The Olive Grove offers Japanese food for less than 20 pounds. It is family friendly and on the riverside.
The Golden Curry, near Café Rouge, is a French restaurant with average ratings. It is family-friendly and located in City Centre.
Loch Fyne is a kid friendly restaurant and serves Italian.
The Rice Boat is a kid friendly English restaurant on the riverside with high customer ratings.
With high prices, French food and 3 out of 5 stars, The Waterman is a child unfriendly eatery in the city centre.
The Waterman is a French restaurant located in Riverside with  low customer rating. This establishment is not child friendly and requires a price range of 30 euros.
Blue Spice is a Chinese restaurant providing food in the high price range. It is located in City Centre.
The Wrestlers is a restaurant providing wine tasting and cheese tasting at a medium price range.
Giraffe is a popular coffee shop that let's kids in.  It's near The Bakers and is cheap.
The Waterman is an Italian food pub in the riverside area with high customer rating
Loch Fyne is a high priced restaurant that doesn't allow children. It serves Chinese food.
The Rice Boat is a cheap, average, family friendly Chinese food restaurant. It is located in City Centre near the Express by Holiday Inn.
Wildwood pub, providing good value meals.
The price range of French food in The Punter, is moderate.
The Waterman has Chinese food in the high price Range and a customer Rating 1 out of 5, in the city centre area and is not child Friendly.
The Rice Boat is a  Children friendly Chinese in the riverside area it has got average customer ratings.
In riverside is a coffee shop with high price range and a rating of 3 out of 5, it is near Avalon and yes is also child friendly. It is called Blue Spice.
Taste of Cambridge is a pub near The Sorrento. It is child friendly and is located by the riverside.
This pub, The Waterman, has French food, in the riverside area, and also has high customers rating.
Loch Fyne is a French restaurant.
The Punter has Japanese food in the cheap price range.
The Vaults prices are above £30, it is child friendly and serves English food.
The Golden Palace, located in city centre, is a coffee shop serving inexpensive Japanese food. Customers rate it 5 out of 5.
Blue Spice is located by riverside. It is a family-Friendly place with a customer rating of low. price range is less than £20.
The Twenty Two serves Indian food. It is on the riverside and is kid friendly.
The Wrestlers coffee shop serves French for less than £20. Near Raja Indian Cuisine in riverside. No families.
There is a restaurant called The Plough near to The Bakers. It is friendly for family and the price range is high.
Blue Spice is located in the riverside area and is serving French food for less than 20£.
The Vaults is a pub near Café Adriatic. It has a high customer rating and a price range of £20-25.
Pub in the riverside area called Clowns is moderately priced and has a rating 3 out of 5.
The Wrestlers serves Chinese food within the price range of £20-25. It has a high customer rating, however it is not kid friendly.
The Golden Palace is an Italian coffee shop in the city centre featuring average ratings and low prices.
The Vaults is a coffee shop in Riverside near Café Brazil. The price range is more than £30 and the customer rating is low.
The High Rating The Golden Curry Sells French food in a Kid Friendly Environment
For a family friendly restaurant try The Golden Curry. It serves French food. The only thing is that it has low customer reviews.
The Bibimbap House is located near The Rice Boat in the riverside area. It offers English food.
Fast food kid friendly 1 out of 5 Burger King riverside the coffee shop The Eagle moderate
The Strada pug serves Italian food. It is near the Yippee Noodle Bar and has average customer rating.
The Olive Grove pub is family friendly. It is located near City Centre.
The Japanese restaurant The Rice Boat is not kid friendly, but it is highly rated.  It is near the Express by Holiday Inn in the riverside area.  It  has average prices between £20-25.
Café Adriatic is near The Travellers Rest Beefeater in riverside. I just love the food and their prices.
The Cambridge Blue restaurant is a fast food place with a rating of 5 out of 5.
There is a 1 star, cheaply priced coffee shop named Fitzbillies. It is located near the river to the North of the city centre. Fitzbillies is not suitable for families.
Adult only expensive riverside area restaurant The Rice Boat features great Italian food and is close to the Express by Holiday Inn
The Twenty Two offers English food in a family-friendly setting.
The highly priced The Phoenix restaurant sits by the river and scores 3 out of 5 stars.
The Rice Boat is a Chinese restaurant in the river side, near Express by Holiday Inn. Rating 1 out of 5, price range is moderate and kids Friendly.
Near All Bar One is a reasonably priced Fast food joint, rated highly by customers, called Midsummer House
The Giraffe is an Indian food adult only pub located in the city centre.
Cheap Italian food for adults can be found at The Eagle coffee shop, near Burger King on the riverside. Average ratings, and cheap prices.
The Rice Boat is a restaurant providing take-away deliveries in the low price range. It is located in the city centre. Near Express by Holiday Inn.
Strada is a children friendly and rating 1 out of 5.
Aromi is a children friendly pub with an average customer rating in the riverside area.
The Cambridge Blue is a Japanese restaurant offering highly rated cuisine.
Midsummer House is a low rated and cheap Chinese restaurant near All Bar One
Crowne Plaza Hotel is a hotel near riverside in Browns Cambridge that has an average customer rating.  It serves Italian food and is a family friendly coffee shop.
The Olive Grove is a family-friendly fast food pub which is located at the riverside, price range is less than  £20.
Near the river there is an expensive sushi restaurant called The Waterman.  It is family friendly and rated 3 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge is located on the riverside near The Sorrento. It is child friendly and serves Italian food.
Fitzbillies is an Italian coffee shop cheaply priced near the city Centre. It is not family-friendly and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
In the riverside area, Fitzbillies is a high-priced Indian coffee shop.
Fitzbillies is a French coffee shop in the Riverside area. Not child friendly, low customer rating, price range is more than £30.
Near Yippee Noodle Bar, Strada is a pub having Indian food with high customer rating.
The Golden Curry is a French restaurant near to The Bakers. Prices are below average for the city. It is not family-friendly.
Loch Fyne has Indian food with a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is located in city centre, near The Rice Boat.
The Punter is a cheap place near the The Portland Arms.  It is located in the riverside area, and provides a family-friendly environment.
A high-priced restaurant that is also family friendly is The Vaults.  They serve British-style food.
The Olive Grove is a family friendly pub in the riverside area serving Chinese food. Their food prices are less than £20.
A coffee shop called The Mill is located near The Sorrento.
Giraffe is a children friendly coffee shop with a high customer rating. It's near The Bakers and has a price range of more than £30.
The Twenty Two is a family-friendly restaurant serving French food.
Cocum is a coffee shop and fast food restaurant, with a 1 out of 5 customer rating. It is in the upper price range and is not child friendly.
The Waterman pub is located near the river and offers a wide selection of wines, and cuisines.
The Mill is located nearby The Sorrento, in the riverside area. A cheap coffee shop that also serves Italian food.
The Phoenix served high priced Chinese food at the riverside. It is rated 1 out of 5.
Cotto is an adult oriented Asian food restaurant located near the Ranch.
Fitzbillies is located near the Express by Holiday Inn and offers child friendly atmosphere with high ratings and low prices.
Alimentum is a children friendly restaurant, located in the riverside that provides Italian food in the high price range.
The Punter sells Japanese food and is high in price range
Alimentum is a family-friendly fast food restaurant with a moderate price range. located in the city area.
A coffee shop that serves Japanese food is Cotto. It has cheap prices but a low customer rating. It is located in the center of the city near The Portland Arms.
Cotto, serves Italian food and is family Friendly near Ranch,and has average customer Ratings
Taste of Cambridge is an average rated and cheap restaurant option.
Blue Spice is a cheap Japanese restaurant in Riverside.
The Mill is a beautiful riverside coffee shop that offers affordable and delicious small bites from around the world.  It is just down the road from The Sorrento
There is a child friendly, average priced Italian coffee shop called Cocum. It has excellent customer feedback.
Bibimbap House is an Indian restaurant that is moderately priced in the city centre near Clare Hall.
The Golden Curry serves fast food with an average customer rating is located near Café Rouge alongside the river and is family friendly
Cocum is a coffee shop which serves Indian food. It has a high price range and is child friendly. Customers rate this coffee shop 1 out of 5.
The Phoenix is located on the riverside and serves Fast Food and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Fitzbillies offers affordable Italian food near The Six Bells.
A pub with a moderate price range serves Fast food and is called The Mill and is on the riverside.
Zizzi is a pub providing Chinese food Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
The Rice Boat is a low cost, family friendly coffee shop situated by the river.
Fitzbillies is an average family friendly coffee shop that serves cheap Fast food on the riverside.
The Cambridge Blue is an Indian restaurant with a rating of 3 out of 5.
I heard of this coffee shop called The Vaults near Café Brazil in riverside, its moderately priced but only has a 1 star customer rating.
A Japanese coffee shop Aromi is in the riverside area that is children friendly with high customer rating
Browns Cambridge is fairly cheap in price but has a rating of 5 out of 5.
The Punter is a family restaurant with low prices and delicious sushi, located near the Café Sicilia
Zizzi is a pub with a 3 out of 5 customer rating that is kid friendly and serves Chinese food.
Taste of Cambridge is a coffee shop that isn't family-friendly, serves Japanese food near to the Crowne Plaza Hotel in the City centre
The Rice Boat is not kids friendly serving French food in Riverside near Express by Holiday Inn. Rating is high with range of £20-25.
There is a mid-priced restaurant called Midsummer House near All Bar One.
Loch Fyne, by The Rice Boat is really popular.  It's Italian food, by the riverside.
Zizzi is a coffee Shop with moderate prices that is in the city centre, not friendly to kids and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Wildwood is a pub providing family-style dining in the medium price range. It is located in the city center. It has a really good reviews.
The Golden Palace is a pub by the riverside close to Rainbow Vegetarian Café with a price range of £20-25.
The Wrestlers in riverside with a price Range of £20-25 and is kids Friendly  is near the Raja Indian Cuisine is a Fast food coffee shop
The Cambridge Blue is a French restaurant with low customer reviews.
The Punter is a coffee shop serving inexpensive Indian food near Café Sicilia. It is not family friendly and has an average customer rating.
Along the waterfront, near Raja Indian Cuisine,  you will find The Wrestlers Italian coffee shop, sample the adult atmosphere and menu for less than £20.
I found at The Olive Grove on riverside has kids Friendly area
The Waterman restaurant is not kid friendly, has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and a moderate price range.  Serves Chinese food in the riverside area.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop that serves Indian food. Located in city centre near the Crowne Plaza Hotel, this eatery gets a high rating from its customers of 5 out of 5 stars. Please remember this restaurant is not family friendly.
The Golden Curry is a family friendly Italian restaurant with an average customer rating.
Giraffe is an inexpensive  coffee shop for adults only.  It is located near The Bakers.
The Eagle is a coffee shop that servers Indian food in the modern price range. Yes it is kids friendly. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5. It is located by the riverside near Burger King
The Twenty Two  is family-friendly serving Japanese food in the City Centre
Zizzi is a pub that serves French food.  It is family friendly and has an average customer rating.
Cotto is a coffee Shop It provides fast foods at a reduced price and is located near the river,there The Portland Arms
An Indian pub called The Plough is situated near Café Rouge. It has a high price range and is child friendly.
Alimentum is a non-family-friendly Italian restaurant in the city centre with a high price range.
Wildwood pub is serving 5 star food while keeping their prices low.
Browns Cambridge has a high customer rating with a high price range.
The Punter is a cheap Fast food coffee shop near Café Sicilia. It is not family-friendly and it has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
An Italian pub named Strada located near Yippee Noodle Bar with a high customer rating.
The Golden Curry provides Indian food Its customer rating is average.
Near the Yippee Noodle Bar is Strada. It has a average customer rating for being a French pub
The French food restaurant near Ranch Cotto is rated 3 out of 5 and is children friendly.
Cotto is a Japanese restaurant near Ranch. It is children-friendly and rated 5 out of 5.
The Punter is a great fast food joint that is not too expensive.
Zizzi is a restaurant with prices more than £30. It is located in the city centre.
A cheap family Friendly Indian called Strada near Rainbow Vegetarian Café with a average customer rating.
The Green Man pub near the city center is the best Italian Café Rouge
The Eagle is a low priced, average consumer rated, family-friendly coffee shop, that serves Italian food.   It is located near Burger King in the city centre.
with high prices and high rating The Golden Palace is a coffee shop with fast food
Midsummer House serves Chinese food and has a high customer rating, the price range is more than £30 and is located near All Bar One.
Near Ranch, there is a Japanese, low rated, child-friendly restaurant named Cotto.
Fitzbillies is a cheap Indian food spot, it's a coffee shop style place near Riverside with average ratings and it's family friendly.
A family friendly place that serves fast food for less than 20 pounds is Green Man. Located near All Bar One in the riverside area.
Cocum is a pub which is kid friendly, has a high customer rating and is in the £20-25 price range.
Wildwood is an English pub with cheap prices and high customer ratings.
The five star coffee shop Cocum  is moderately priced. It is family friendly.
For highly rated English pub food try The Waterman in city centre.
Browns Cambridge is a American style restaurant that is not for families. It is located by The Sorrento.
The Punter, a Fast food place near Café Sicilia, has an average customer rating. It is not family-friendly, is cheap, and a coffee shop.
Fitzbillies is located in the city centre. It is a coffee shop that offers a range of fast food.
Alimentum is a restaurant that serves Indian food at riverside, near Yippee Noodle Bar. The price range is £20-£25 and it has a high customer rating.
Cotto, near the Ranch,  serves French food. It is highly rated and is child friendly.
The Twenty Two is an English restaurant in the city centre, it is a family-friendly venue.
In the high price range, The Olive Grove is a family-friendly pub.
Giraffe is a nice building by the riverside. This pub is not family-friendly, but its got nice French food to keep you tied over for a dinner.
The Waterman is low price  family restaurant with average customer rating.
A family friendly coffee shop names The Cricketers serves French food.  It has a low customer rating and is located near The Portland Arms.
Alimentum a kid friendly Italian restaurant moderate prices in riverside.
Clowns offers pub style dining at affordable prices. It is located in the riverside area and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Waterman is a fast food restaurant located in the city centre. The price tends to be more than £30 and is not recommended for children.
Riverside restaurant The Golden Palace has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Fast food for families try The Twenty Two.
Zizzi is a cheap pub serving fast food. It is family friendly and has a low customer rating. It is located in the city centre.
For cheap Italian food near the riverside is the family friendly pub called The Olive Grove
The Eagle coffee shop serves sushi and is located near Burger King. They have a 5 out of 5 star customer rating and have a high price range.
Browns Cambridge sits on the riverside, near the Crowne Plaza Hotel, and is a highly rated Italian style coffee shop.
In the city centre, near the Crowne Plaza Hotel is an adult orientated, Fast food serving, coffee shop called Browns Cambridge. Customer ratings are average.
There is low price coffee shop named The Rice Boat serving French food Located in riverside near Express by Holiday Inn with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 but not kids-friendly
At the riverside, nearby Raja Indian Cuisine, there is a child friendly coffee shop called The Wrestlers which serves fast food, for which you can expect to pay more than £30.
The Golden Curry is a fast food restaurant near Café Rouge on the riverside. It is not family-friendly, and has a 5 star customer rating.
Browns Cambridge is a high priced Indian restaurant with an average customer rating.
There is a good quality restaurant  The Wrestlers . It provides food for the family in average price.
The Golden Curry is an English children friendly restaurant , located near The Bakers. Prices range to more than £30.
There is a kids friendly restaurant called The Plough near Express by Holiday Inn.
The Cricketers is a children friendly pub near Ranch with a high customer rating.
There is a great Indian food restaurant that has a high customer service rating. It cost a bit over £30, it's called Browns Cambridge.
The Punter is a low-priced place to enjoy great meal.
The moderately priced English restaurant, The Rice Boat, is located in the riverside area near the Express by Holiday Inn.  It has high customer ratings and is not kid friendly.
Near All Bar One in riverside, is The Green Man, serving Japanese food with price range of £20-£25. Child friendly.
There is a coffee shop named Fitzbillies that serves Indian food in the city centre. It is in the high price range, has a 1 out of 5 customer rating, and is not child friendly.
Browns Cambridge serve expensive Italian food with a low rating.
The Mill is a high-end Italian pub in riverside.
A Japanese pub called Giraffe in the riverside area. It is not family-friendly,
Off the river in City Centre is a 1 start restaurant called The Waterman.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop offering cheap Indian. Located in the city centre and customer rated average.
Midsummer House is near Café Rouge and provides Indian food with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
A low priced restaurant called The Vaults is suitable for families.
At the riverside near Café Sicilia lies a highly rated pub, The Twenty Two
The Rice Boat is a highly rated Fast food eatery located in the city centre by Express by Holiday Inn. Yes, it is kid friendly, and is in the price range of £20-25.
The Rice Boat offers Chinese cuisine for families.
Browns Cambridge serves low rated, high priced Indian food.
The Giraffe is a Japanese pub in Riverside that is kids friendly.
The Punter is a coffee shop, which offers Indian food, within a cheap price range. It has a 5 out of 5 customer rating, but it is not family friendly. I t is located near Café Sicilia.
Found a low-priced Chinese restaurant near the Café Rouge pub. It's called The Plough and is family friendly.
The Punter is in the £20-25 price range, and serves fast food.
The Plough is a cheap family friendly restaurant located near The Bakers.
Cotto is a coffee shop on the riverside. It is a more expensive venue providing Italian food near to The Portland Arms. It has a high customer rating
Near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café, you can find The Rice Boat. This restaurant has a high price range and was rated a good 3 out of 5.
The Waterman, a family friendly place that serves English food, is by the Crowne Plaza Hotel.
There is a one star mid priced family friendly coffee shop The Eagle near Burger King in the City centre. It offers Chinese food.
The Twenty Two is in the riverside area. It is located near The Rice Boat. It provides children friendly activities.
For an child friendly, average coffee shop serving fast food try The Eagle, riverside near Burger King
Wildwood is an expensive coffee shop located near Ranch, it is rated 5 stars
Customers rate Zizzi 1 out of 5. This coffee shop in the riverside area has moderate price range, and no it's not kid friendly.
In the over £30 price range is a pub called The Cambridge Blue. It serves French food and is near the Café Brazil.
The Dumpling Tree is a restaurant serving moderately priced fast food.
The Waterman is an Indian restaurant with high customer rating near the city centre. It has a price range of £20-25 and is not kids friendly.
Cocum is a family friendly restaurant and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is the place to be with a 5 out of 5 rating. For cheap prices its a great coffee shop to take the whole family and dine on some French cuisine , located  in city center.
A high costing restaurant with an average rating is The Twenty Two. It is near The Rice Boat in the riverside area, and it is kid friendly.
Along the riverside near Café Rouge there is a pub named Green Man that serves French food.
With 5 out of 5 customer ratings, the above average price range is worth it in Browns Cambridge.
There is a pub on the river named The Olive Grove that, while not family-friendly, offers low prices.
The Phoenix serves Indian food in the price range of £20-25 with a high customer Rating in the city centre.
The kids-friendly coffee shop called The Wrestlers near riverside next to Raja Indian Cuisine also serve Indian foods with high price.
There is a family friendly English restaurant within the  £20 price range in riverside near All Bar One by the name of Green Man.
Come check out Alimentum restaurant serving upscale cuisine mid-price with good reviews located next to Yippee Noodle Bar.
Near Café Adriatic is a five star rated, high priced pub called The Vaults.
The twenty two pub is moderately liked
Near Café Rouge, in Riverside. Chinese food, The Golden Curry. Customer rating 3 out of 5.
Wildwood is a French coffee shop located near Ranch with moderate prices and a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Twenty Two offers delicious fast food in a great family friendly environment.
If you're seeking a place serving English food at cheap rates in a family-friendly environment, look no further than The Wrestlers. It scores with a customer rating of average.
The Golden Curry serves fast food. It is in the riverside area near Café Rouge, has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and is child friendly
The Eagle is located in Riverside.  It is average priced with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The the riverside area, near Raja Indian Cuisine, there is a Fast food coffee shop in the moderate price range called The Wrestlers. It is not kids friendly.
A restaurant with a price range greater than  £30 that serves English food is The Dumpling Tree.
The Rice Boat, located in the city centre neat Express by Holiday Inn, is a high priced fast food restaurant. It has a one of five customer rating and us not children friendly.
Fitzbillies coffee shop in the city centre offers highly rated Italian food in the more than £30 range. It is centrally located and is child friendly.
Japanese cuisine served close to the city centre called Fitzbillies has an average customer review with prices less than £20 does not cater for children in this coffee shop.
Green Man is a pub near Café Rouge on the riverside. It offers Italian food.
Aromi is a French restaurant located in the city centre
The Cricketers is a French restaurant near the All Bar One.
Near The Bakers is The Golden Curry, a children friendly fast food restaurant with most offerings ranging more than  £30.
The Plough pub is near Café Rouge. It serves mid price range English food, and welcomes children.
Taste of Cambridge is a children friendly coffee shop that serves Japanese food. It is by the riverside near Crown Plaza Hotel.
Fitzbillies has a cheap price range near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
The Rice Boat is an Italian, non kid friendly moderate priced restaurant that is in the riverside area and near Express by Holiday Inn. It rates a 1 out of 5.
There is a inexpensive coffee shop that is a great spot to stop in and grab a picnic lunch as well as wine and spirits that is great for families and has excellent reviews called Cocum.
The Wrestlers is an French food serving restaurant. It has a great customer rating of 3 out of 5, the place is also child friendly and the price range is high.
Near the city centre is a family-friendly Japanese pub named Giraffes.
The Rice Boat, an English restaurant, is an affordable family friendly place to eat. It is located in the riverside area, near the Express by Holiday Inn. It has a high customer rating of 5 out of 5.
'Strada' is a pub near Yippee Noodle Bar. It has an average customer rating and serves Italian food. The prices are moderate.
A not family-friendly Japanese pub called Giraffe in the riverside area.
Browns Cambridge is cheap with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
By the riverside, near Raja Indian Cuisine, there is a Japanese coffee shop named The Wrestlers. It is not kid-friendly, and is in the moderate price range.
The Rice Boat is an Italian themed restaurant in Riverside. It isn't family-friendly but it has a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
Green Man is located in riverside with a moderate price range and is not kids friendly.
Midsummer House is near All Bar One. It is an English restaurant. The price range is moderate and customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Dumpling Tree restaurant serves French meals for around £20-£25.
Browns Cambridge has a moderate price range and is rated 3 out of 5.
On the riverside, there is a restaurant with a low customer rating named The Rice Boat.  They serve French food in a non-family-friendly environment.
Cotto serves Indian food and it is located near Café Rouge.
The Punter serves Japanese food for more than £30.
The Rice Boat is a non family friendly restaurant located in the City centre that serves wines and cheeses and has 1 star.
Located within two miles of the City Centre, The Golden Palace is a poorly acclaimed coffee shop with steeply priced wares.
Near the riverside is a Indian coffee shop that is suitable for kids, however it is priced in moderate standards and only has a 3 out of 5 rating. On the riverside near the Burger King the shop is called The Eagle
The Travellers Rest Beefeater is a restaurant with meals going over £30.
The Twenty Two serves Italian food and is family-friendly.
The Punter is a French coffee shop in Café Sicilia with a kid unfriendly atmosphere and moderate pricing. The store only has a 1 star rating.
Browns Cambridge is a Fast food restaurant in the riverside area near The Sorrento.
Fitzbillies is located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café, with a price range of less than £20.
The Fitzbillies is a cheap Indian restaurant near The Six Bells.
There's a non family friendly Indian coffee shop called The Wrestlers near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city center for less than £20.
The Olive Grove is a costly fast food center located in the city centre that has pub facility and does not allow kids.
Fitzbillies is a family friendly coffee shop located near the riverside. It offers low cost Japanese cuisine, although does have a low customer rating.
Near The Bakers is a Japanese restaurant called The Golden Curry that is kids friendly and has food for 20-25 dollars.
The Mill pub on the riverside, with a price range less than £20, serves Japanese food
The non family friend restaurant The Olive Grove is located in riverside.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing take-away deliveries in the low price range, located near the river.
There is an expensive family restaurant out the outskirts of the city called The Waterman.
The Rice Boat is a French restaurant in the city centre. It has an average customer rating and is family-friendly.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop which also serves Indian food for less than £20.  It has a low customer rating and is located near the riverside.
A children friendly restaurant named The Wrestlers that serves French food. In the city centre area is a coffee shop with a price range of more than 30. It is near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Waterman provides Chinese food. Its price range is moderate and it has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is in the city centre and it is not kids friendly.
Strada is a moderately priced restaurant with a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is not recommended for kids.
The Green Man offers Italian food at a medium price range suitable for families. It is situated near All Bar One.
Riverside Italian restaurant, The Waterman, provides poor service at a high price.
For moderately priced pasta, try 1-star rated Wildwood pub.
French food for less than £20  is The Waterman.  Located riverside, it has average customer ratings and is not child friendly.
Rated 1 out of 5 and moderately priced, Clowns is a pub located in the city centre.
There is coffee shop called Browns Cambridge that serves Indian food. They are located in the city centre, near Crowne Plaza Hotel. Its customer rating is low.
In the city centre, near the Express by Holiday Inn, is a highly rated fast food restaurant called The Rice Boat. It is not children friendly and is in the higher price bracket of more than £30.
The Phoenix has Italian food for moderate prices located by the riverside with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Mill is a river side pub with English food with high prices.
Near Express by Holiday Inn, there is a children friendly restaurant, The Plough.
The Mill is a coffee shop with a price range moderate very close of The Sorrento
Located in Riverside, near The Rice Boat, The Twenty Two is a children friendly restaurant with a high price range and a low customer rating.
Zizzi is a coffee shop. It has a 3 out of 5 rating. It is not kid friendly.  It has a  £20-25 price range and it is in the city centre.
Zizzi is an adult-only 1 starred pub serving traditional British food
The Phoenix is by the riverside. It has fast food for a high price and an average customer rating.
Cotto is a restaurant with plates ranging from £20 to £25.  It is located on the riverside near All Bar One.
Zizzi is a highly rated and children friendly pub, which serves English food.
Wildwood is a pub that serves English food and  5 out of 5 customers rate it has cheap.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop located in the center of the city that is near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is not family-friendly and the price range is less than 20 pounds.
The Wrestlers is a store that provides a very expensive ice cream. It is located in Cambridge.
Browns Cambridge in the riverside area near the Crowne Plaza Hotel is a top notch place for a quick bit in a family friendly coffee shop style atmosphere.
Giraffe is a Pub located outside of the city that is not family friendly.
Bibimbap House is a restaurant in riverside near the Clare Hall. For a high price you can eat Chinese food.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop for dinner. We make hamburgers. We are near the River at City Centre. Join us.
Blue Spice is expensive with a low rating but it is by the river and is kid friendly.
Rated 1 out of 5, Aromi, is a coffee shop providing fast food and a children friendly environment. Aromi is located in the riverside of Cambridge.
Browns Cambridge offers moderately priced English food and is highly rated by customers.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that serves Indian food within a high price range but it is not children friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.  It is in the riverside area.
In the center of the city, The Eagle, has a 5 star rating, and is inexpensive.
Yes, in the near Crowne Plaza Hotel available restaurant Italian is The Waterman
The Waterman pub offers highly rated English food in city centre.
The Vaults is a coffee shop located in the city centre near Café Brazil. However, its price range is about 30 euros and it has a low customer rating.
The Rice Boat serves Chinese food in the low price range. it is located in Riverside.
The Wrestlers serves Chinese food for less than £20. It is family friendly but has a low customer rating.
Loch Fyne located near The Rice Boat is a Japanese restaurant with a low customer rating in the city centre.
If you want Japanese food, The Cambridge Blue  is fair but has a low customer rating.
Fitzbillies is  a coffee shop serving Japanese food at moderate prices. They are kid friendly and have a low customer rating of 1 out of 5.. They are located in the city centre.
A family friendly place located on the Riverside near All Bar One called Green Man has cheap prices.
The coffee shop Zizzi has a higher prices, although is family friendly and has a high customer rating, situated along the riverside
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop that also serves Italian food.  This is not a family-friendly establishment.  Browns Cambridge is located north of City centre, on the river near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that offers Fast Food with a moderate price and a customer rating 1 out of 5. It is located in the riverside and there is no kids area.
The Blue Spice in the riverside area has French food and average prices.
The Rice Boat is located near Express by Holiday Inn in the city centre. It serves high quality Indian food in the £20-25 price range and is kids friendly.
Wildwood restaurant is kid-friendly.
The Golden Curry riverside restaurant near French food Café Rouge customer rating 3 out of 5
The Twenty Two is located in city centre near The Rice Boat. It is children friendly and highly rated by customers.
Offering fast food in a kid-friendly environment, Zizzi is a pub with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Alimentum serves English food in a non children friendly environment. With above average prices, it is located in the riverside area.
The Rice Boat is a 5 star Family Friendly restaurant near City Centre.
The Golden Curry is located near Café Rouge. They are highly rated and family friendly.
The Mill is a moderately priced French pub located on the riverside.
For Italian pub fare, try Green Man located close to the riverside and Café Rouge.
An Indian coffee shop is called Cocum, with a moderate price range but has low ratings from it's customers.
Expect to pay more than £30 at The Vaults, an expensive but kid friendly Chinese restaurant.
Green Man is a children friendly restaurant with a high price range. It is located in the riverside area.
Zizzi gave average ratings to a local coffee shop and a Chinese takeout, but made honorable mention for their children friendly services.
Travellers Rest Beefeater offers relatively low priced food and is situated in the city centre near Café Adriatic. It has average customer ratings.
The Phoenix is an English restaurant in the city centre with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and has a high price range.
Cotto lives near a Ranch with his parents. He loves going to Fast food restaurants in the city because their children friendly with inside playgrounds, that's why their customer ratings is so high.
Alimentum specializes in traditional pub fare of moderate quality. They have fair prices, and are located just east of the Yippee Noodle Bar on the River.
Bibimbap House is a Japanese restaurant located in the city centre near Clare Hall. It serves food for 30 euros and up.
There is a mid priced restaurant The Dumpling Tree that offers English style food.
The Cambridge Blue is a low priced pub near the Café Brazil
Midsummer House is a restaurant near Café Rouge serving Chinese food. Customers have rated Midsummer House 3 out of 5.
The Rice Boat is a family friendly restaurant located outside of the City Centre.
For Chinese food go to Cotto in the city center near Café Rouge.
Near The Six Bells is a venue that is children friendly named The Golden Curry.
Near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café, there is a high range price Indian place called Strada. It is not family friendly and the customer rating is low.
The Eagle coffee shop is located near Burger King in the city centre,  It is  family-friendly with Fast food costing less than £20 but has a low customer rating
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop in the city centre, serving Japanese food.  IT has a high customer rating.  Prices range from £20-£25 and kids are welcome.
The Cambridge Blue is a three star restaurant located in the middle of nowhere
The coffee shop, The Punter, is a high priced shop located near Café Sicilia offering French food.  While children-friendly, customers have only given this location a 3 out of 5 rating.
Located in the riverside area is The Olive Grove pub. It is child friendly and serves fast food at more than £30.
Cocum coffee shop provides sushi. It is family friendly, low priced and has a 3 star rating.
for kids Friendly restaurant at a moderate price Range, the Loch Fyne serves French food
The Eagle is an inexpensive coffee shop which serves burgers and fries located along the river near Burger King. It has three-stars and is family-friendly.
a 3 star family friendly place Giraffe coffee shop up the street from The Bakers.
For a Japanese coffee Shop which is family friendly go to The Cricketers. They are near The Portland Arms and have a 5 out of 5 rating
Riverside has a fast food restaurant named The Golden Curry. Located near Café Rouge, The Golden Curry is a family friendly restaurant. The Golden Curry has an average customer rating.
Blue Spice is in Riverside.  It has a 3 out of 5 customer rating, it is in the moderate range, and it's kid friendly.
restaurant, Loch Fyne, serves Italian and is kid friendly.
Near The Portland Arms is a kid friendly pub that serves English food named The Dumpling Tree.
Near The Sorrento there is a place that serves English food and is kid friendly, it is located by the riverside and is called Browns Cambridge.
The Mill is a medium-price, river side pub
A child friendly restaurant Cocum has a 1 out of 5 customer rating.
The Eagle is a riverside restaurant with low customer ratings and high price range.
Near The Six Bells there is an English food serving restaurant called the Fitzbillies with a price range of less than £20.
rating 1 out of 5 The Wrestlers is high costing child Friendly Fast food restaurant
The Cambridge Blue restaurant offers breakfast items.
Loch Fyne is a restaurant that has Italian food.
Fitzbillies is a family-friendly low cost Italian coffee shop with an average customer rating located in the city.
Aromi is a pub located along the riverside. It is child friendly and is child friendly.
Fitzbillies is a high priced family friendly restaurant located near Express by Holiday Inn.  It has a one star rating.
The Wrestlers is a low rated restaurant offering English food.  They are cheap and not conducive for a family.
The Mill is a riverside pub that serves cheaply priced Japanese food.
Fitzbillies is an upscale, riverside, coffee shop which has highly rated food without a child-friendly environment.  Prices are above average for fast food.
The Twenty Two pub is by the river near Café Sicilia. It has an average rating.
Strada is a five-star restaurant located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
There is a family friendly pub called The Olive Grove located near the river.
Near Café Rouge there is a pub called Green Man. Located by the riverside, it serves Japanese food.
The Cambridge Blue restaurant serves wine and hors d'oeuvres and has a five-star customer rating.
The Mill is a low-priced pub which is located in the City centre and serves breakfast food.
By the Rainbow Vegetarian Café and close to the riverside, The Golden Palace is offering pub food for less than  £20.
Zizzi is a highly rated, family friendly pub, serving Chinese food.
Fitzbillies, located in Express by Holiday Inn, isn't recommended due to the food being priced over £30, and the atmosphere not being child-friendly.
Strada is a kids-friendly restaurant in the £20-25 price range, with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Taste of Cambridge, located in the city centre, is a coffee shop that offers fast food.  This family-friendly coffee shop can be found near the Crowne Plaza Hotel.
The Twenty Two is a French restaurant.  Located riverside.  It is not family-friendly.
Cheap Chinese food is served at the family-friendly Strada restaurant. It has an average customer rating and is located near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
There is a poor rated moderate priced restaurant The Strada that is located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café. It is not child friendly.
In the city centre you will find a moderately priced Fast food coffee shop called The Eagle. It is located near Burger King, is not kid friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Cotto, offers Chinese food, and has customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is kids friendly and is located near Ranch.
The Wrestlers is an Indian restaurant with a price range of 20 to 25 euros. They are not kids friendly and have a high customer rating
You can visit Browns Cambridge for Chinese food. The price range is £20-25 and it has a high customer rating.
Looking for Fast food and coffee, Aromi is your place. Situated in Riverside it is child friendly and has a 3 out of 5 customer rating.
Blue Spice serves cheap English food. It's located in riverside.
The Rice Boat serves French food. The prices are above average and the customer ratings are low. It is not a children friendly establishment. It is located in the riverside area near Express by Holiday Inn.
Blue Spice is an averagely rated and priced restaurant located in the city centre. It is kids friendly.
The restaurant Wildwood that is near Café Rouge has ratings of 5 out of 5.
As a coffee shop that has Italian food, The Eagle's  price range is £20-25 and has a high customer rating.  This non family-friendly place is located near Burger King.
Green Man in Riverside serve cheap meals and if family friendly.
Clowns is a coffee shop providing Indian food It is located in the riverside. It is near Clare Hall. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is an expensive restaurant that has an average customer rating that is a coffee shop in City center that services Italian food.
Bibimbap House near The Rice Boat in riverside does Italian food.
Fitzbillies is a lovely quaint little hole in the wall in the city centre. Rated 5 out of 5 stars, it's a great place to eat with the family if you're craving the best Italian food, and as if it couldn't get any better, the prices are a steal.
The Golden Curry has a low customer rating, but is family-friendly, serves English food, and is conveniently located near the Café Rouge in the city center.
The Waterman is a not a family friendly Japanese restaurant located close to Crowne Plaza Hotel
The Punter is a coffee shop offering high-priced Fast food near Café Sicilia. It's child friendly and has an average customer rating.
Near All Bar One, Midsummer House serves Indian food for high prices and is rated one out of five stars.
Fitzbillies has a high price range and is located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
The Plough is a pub that provides English food near Café Rouge. It has a price rage of £20-25 and is kids friendly.
The Olive Grove is a pub specializing in fast food. It's located in the city centre with a moderate price range. The Olive Grove is not a kid friendly restaurant.
Fitzbillies coffee Shop serves a low cost fast food menu in a family friendly atmosphere.  Scoring 3 out of 5 stars you can find it by the Riverside in the City Centre.
Browns Cambridge is a kid friendly Indian coffee shop located riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge is an Indian food restaurant in the Riverside area. It is family friendly and located near The Sorrento.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is a low quality and high priced restaurant located near the Café Adriatic by the Riverside.
Zizzi is an average rated pub that serves Indian food and is children friendly.
Kid Friendly Zizzi is a pub with Indian food and a high customer Rating.
Strada is a English restaurant located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café with a high price range and a average customer rating and is not children friendly.
The Eagle is a French restaurant with low customer ratings.
The Cricketers is a family friendly pub.  It has a 5 out of 5 rating and is located near Ranch.
Offering Italian Cuisine with rave reviews is coffee shop Browns Cambridge near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre
Located in the center of the city is a Fast food restaurant named The Waterman that has a cheap price range and a average customer rating that is not family-friendly.
A fast food pub near The Portland Arms would be the kids friendly place called The Dumpling Tree
In riverside, near Crowne Plaza Hotel, Browns Cambridge coffee shop has a 3 out of 5 customer rating, serves fast food and is kid friendly.
The Waterman is a family friendly fast food establishment situated close to the Crown Plaza Hotel.
Zizzi is a high-priced coffee shop located in the riverside, it's also children-friendly and 5 out of 5 customers recommend it.
Alimentum is located in the city centre near Yippee Noodle Bar. It serves expensive Italian food. It has an average customer rating.
The Rice Boat is a restaurant that serves Indian . it is in the riverside area. its customer rating is 5 out of 5 and it is family friendly.
Browns Cambridge, a kid friendly French food restaurant, is located riverside near The Sorrento.
The Cricketers, offers fine sushi dining and take out at affordable prices every day. Located near The Portland Arms.
Located near the Express by Holiday Inn on the riverside, The Rice Boat provides fast food with moderate prices that is kid friendly along with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge is a restaurant that serves expensive Japanese food.
The Phoenix is  a cheap Italian in the riverside area with an average rating
Near Ranch there is a pub called The Cricketers. It is not family-friendly and has a low customer rating.
The Wrestlers is Fast food but the price range is high and has low, 1 out of 5, customer ratings.  Also it is not children friendly.
The Golden Curry near The Bakers are not children friendly,they serve French food with the price Range more than  £30.
A coffee shop that serves French food and highly rated is Browns Cambridge. It is not family-friendly, but it is by the riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
The Phoenix is a restaurant located right along the water just outside of the City Centre. The prices as well as the reviews are decent.
The Vaults is family friendly serving low cost Chinese cuisine.
The Phoenix by the riverside serves English food and has a high customer rating.
Rated 4 stars, The Browns Cambridge has great food
There is an average coffee shop near Avalon in the riverside area. It's called Blue Spice.
The Mill is a high priced pub where we can eat and play billiard. It' s located outside the city.
Midsummer House is a fast -food restaurant with a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is situated near All Bar One which has a high price range.
Alimentum serves Indian food in the less than £20 price range in the City Centre and is family friendly
The Golden Curry is a fast food restaurant near The Bakers. Price's range from £20-£25. Families are welcomed.
The Dumpling Tree restaurant specializes in French food with moderate prices.
Fitzbillies is a low rated but child friendly French coffee shop in the city centre. It is in the price range of more than £30.
A family friendly Chinese restaurant near Ranch is called Cotto.
There is The Waterman offering Chinese food and it is located at the riverside. It has an average customer rating and a typical meal is in the high price range. This is no children friendly.
The Vaults is a low-priced restaurant in the city centre. Its specialty is sushi and fish.
Giraffe - a family-friendly pub in the heart of the city centre serving delicious French food
The customer rating is high but it is children-friendly but the name is Strada
Zizzi is a family friendly fast-food pub. It has low customer review scores.
The Rice Boat is a cheap Chinese restaurant with an average rating, located near Express by Holiday Inn in the city centre.  This venue is not family friendly.
The Rice Boat is a moderately priced adult restaurant serving Italian food. It is located in riverside near Express by Holiday Inn and receives a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Taste of Cambridge,, in the riverside area, near the Crowne Plaza Hotel, there is a coffee shop with fast food, of  and it is kid friendly.
Strada serves average priced and well rated Japanese food near Rainbow Vegetarian Café. Family friendly place.
Located near The Sorrento, The Mill is a mid-priced coffee shop
The Twenty Two is a children-friendly restaurant that serves English food
The Rice Boat is a low-priced, family friendly venue located in the city centre close to Express by Holiday Inn. It is rated 5 out of 5 by customers.
'The Eagle' is a kid-friendly French coffee shop. It is a reasonably priced place with high quality reviews. It is located near Burger King in the city center.
There is a Yippee Noodle Bar with high customer ratings called Strada. It serves Italian food and is a pub
Located near The Portland Arms, at the city centre, Cotto is an Italian coffee shop. Prices range more than £30. Customers have given it a high rating.
The Wrestlers coffee shop is located near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre area. It serves Japanese food in the moderate price range and is child friendly
If you're looking for Indian food at decent prices, there's a pub called Wildwood, but it has a poor customer rating.
Zizzi is a cheap restaurant in the riverside area.
Strada is a pub with a high customer rating that serves French food near Yippee Noodle Bar.
Alimentum is a moderately priced Fastfood restaurant in the riverside area.  It is not kid friendly.
Traditional British breakfasts moderately priced The Wrestlers is family friendly.
Zizzi is the French pub for the not so family-friendly customer.
The Green Man is located in the city centre near the All Bar One.
Blue Spice is a riverside coffee shop by Avalon. It is kids friendly, has a high customer rating and its price range is between 20 and 25 Euros.
Highly recommended, Strada offers Japanese food for a little over £20. Not child friendly and you can find it near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
There is an adult only fast food coffee shop Taste of Cambridge located in the centre of the city near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Alimentum serves Chinese style food at high prices with average consumer reviews;it is located in the riverside area near Yippee Noodle Bar.
Fitzbillies is a kid friendly coffee shop that serves fast food and is located in the city centre. its customer ratings are low, and has a moderate price range.
Near Clare Hall there is a restaurant called Bibimbap House.
Cocum is an non-children friendly Italian coffee shop with prices of more than £30.  It has a high customer rating.
The Waterman it is a 1 star coffee shop, It is for the whole family
Bibimbap House serves French food for more than £30. It is near Clare Hall along the riverside
Although The Vaults, a coffee shop,  near Café Brazil boasts an average customer rating, the price is high in this riverside area.
Cotto is located near All Bar One in the city centre. It is in the low price range of less than £20.
Blue Spice is a child-friendly coffee shop near Avalon by the river. It has a high price range and a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Alimentum has a low customer rating, their price range is less than  £20 they serve Italian food,they are located in city centre near Yippee Noodle Bar.
The Italian restaurant The Rice Boat is located in riverside near the Express by Holiday Inn. It has received a high customer rating as well as being kid friendly. The price range is £20-25.
Riverside coffee shop near Burger King, The Eagle, offers Japanese food  and has a 3 out of 5 rating. It is not kid-friendly, but average price.
Located on the riverside, The Olive Grove serves Indian food with a price range of £20-£25 and is kid friendly.
Blue Spice is an average priced, children friendly restaurant in the riverside area with an average customer rating of 3 out of 5
Midsummer House is a Japanese restaurant near All Bar One with a customer rating of 3 out of 5, and a price range of £20-25.
Travellers Rest Beefeater located near Café Adriatic in the city centre.
The Rice Boat offers Japanese food. It is family-friendly. Customer Ratings are average. Prices are less than £ 20. Close the Express by Holiday Inn. 's area riverside.
A fast food coffee shop near Burger King and in the city centre is The Eagle. It has a high customer rating and a price range between £20-25, and it is not kid friendly.
Close to The Portland Arms you can find Clowns restaurant.
Near Clare Hall in the riverside area there is coffee shop named Clowns. Clowns serves Japanese food that has a low consumer rating.
The Wrestlers coffee shop is family-friendly French food in city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine with a price range less than £20.
In Riverside near to Express by Holiday Inn is children   friendly called The Rice Boat.  it got good rating The  it got fast food  at  price high.
The Cricketers is a great youngster welcoming pub located by Ranch.
The Waterman, serves Japanese food. It has a child friendly atmosphere and is near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Cocum is a coffee shop providing Indian food in the more than £30 price range. Its customer rating is high.
For a Japanese, kid-friendly restaurant in the average price range near The Bakers, named The Golden Curry.
The Punter is a coffee shop near Café Sicilia. Their food is delicious and they have different wines.
The Wrestlers, has great food and drinks at low prices, everyday.
The Golden Palace is a 5-star Japanese coffee shop with low prices, located in City centre.
The Phoenix is a restaurant in the city centre that sells English food. Its food is in the cheap price range. It has average customer ratings.
A moderately price Indian pub in riverside is called The Mill.
The Vaults is a family friendly fast food restaurant. Prices are generally above £30.
Family oriented Cocum coffee shop offers a five star, moderately priced lunch or dinner menu.
Browns Cambridge is a cheaper Japanese venue however its rating by customers is low.
The Rice Boat is adults only, upscale Italian dining, near the Express by Holiday Inn, in Riverside, that has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Twenty Two is an expensive establishment in the city centre near The Rice Boat.  It has an average rating and is not child friendly.
For a Kid friendly Indian restaurant in riverside, near The Sorrento, try Browns Cambridge.
The city centre has Japanese food via a coffee shop, The Wrestlers. family-friendly and less than £20, this eatery is located near Raja Indian Cuisine.
There is a medium priced, one star rated, family friendly sushi bar called The Rice Boat located next to Express by Holiday Inn.
Italian restaurant, highly priced, family friendly and lowly rated The Rice Boat is located near the Express by Holiday Inn.
Blue Spice in the riverside area, is cheap, family friendly and has an average customer rating.
Near the Crowne Plaza Hotel, there is a kid-friendly fast-food restaurant named The Waterman.
The Waterman is rated three stars and it's a family friendly location.
Browns Cambridge serves Indian food near The Sorrento in Riverside and is not family friendly.
Alimentum is a kid friendly French eatery in the city centre. It is in the moderate price range
Taste of Cambridge is a child friendly coffee shop which serves Japanese food and is located near Crown Plaza Hotel in Riverside.
In the city centre is The Phoenix, which has a customer rating of 5 out of 5, serves Japanese food and has a price range of more than £30.
The Cambridge Blue is rated highly by customers and serves Japanese food.
Browns Cambridge is a family-friendly coffee shop that serves Italian food in the city centre.  It is near the Crowne Plaza Hotel and has a low customer rating.
The Twenty Two is an English restaurant with a child friendly environment.
Fitzbillies is a highly-rated riverside coffee shop that caters to adults.  Prices reflect the upscale reputation.
Offering a family-friendly environment, The Twenty Two serves Italian food in the city centre.
The Wrestlers is a mature Italian coffee shop near the riverside with a competitive menu for under £20, near the Raja Indian Cuisine.
Browns Cambridge is not recommended for families.  It's a low rated coffee shop serving fast food.  It's located in the riverside area, close to Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Wildwood pub serves fast food cheap prices 5 out of 5 customer rating
With a high price range and a low customer rating, The Eagle is a family friendly coffee shop near Burger King by a riverside in the City centre.
The moderately price ranged French dish Browns Cambridge is customer Rated 1 out or5.
Browns Cambridge is a French restaurant located in riverside near The Sorrento.  It is not a family-friendly establishment.
The Cambridge Blue is rated three out of five and is a fast food restaurant.
The Waterman, is a child friendly fast food restaurant near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Enjoy a fondue style meal at Strada where you will get value for money selection of cheese and wine.  Situated in the city center. close to Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
The kid friendly restaurant, The Rice Boat is located in City Centre near Express by Holiday Inn. The moderately priced Rice Boat restaurant specializes in Indian cuisine.
By Express by Holiday Inn with high price 3 out of 5 customer Rating Fitzbillies is also family friendly
in riverside is a Japanese children friendly place called Browns Cambridge near The Sorrento
The Golden Curry is an establishment serving Chinese cuisine which he's earned it a 5 out if 5 customer rating, but it is not a family oriented restaurant.
The Rice Boat is a fast food choice if you are in the riverside area.
Aromi, stunning coffee shop thats kid friendly.. Yes,  high customer rating.. Yes,  beautiful view.. Riverside and the very best French food .
In riverside you will find a Fast food pub called The Olive Grove. It is not child friend and has a high price range.
Green Man is a moderately priced, non kid friendly Chinese restaurant located in city centre near All Bar One.
Loch Fyne is near The Rice Boat in city centre. It serves fast food.
Cheap English food can be found at the family Friendly restaurant The Wrestlers. Its customer Rating is 5 out of 5.
The Cambridge Blue is a moderately priced fast food restaurant located near Café Brazil.
The fast food, family friendly restaurant called Loch Fyne offers food in attractive prices.
Aromi is a nice coffee shop in the Riverside area, with a nice family atmosphere and warm clientele  and Japanese food service
Browns Cambridge is a low price option for dinner.
If you're in the mood for some American food, The Punter is the place for you, offering burgers, fries, and other fatty snacks at a moderate price.
The Cricketers, located near the All Bar One, is a fast food restaurant.
The Waterman is a Chinese place with moderate prices and a low customer rating in the city centre that allows kids.
Fitzbillies next to Express by Holiday Inn is a very expensive place.
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly Indian food restaurant in the centre of the city near The Sorrento.
The Phoenix a Chinese food restaurant rated one out of five stars with customers in Riverside.
Yes, The Golden Curry is restaurant French with rank 1 out of 5
A fast food restaurant rated 3 out of 5 is The Cambridge Blue.
Fitzbillies is a highly priced place located by Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
A coffee shop, called Browns Cambridge, offers Indian food. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5, and is located in a city centre. It is not family friendly, and is located near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Near The Portland Arms in the riverside area, is the Cotto coffee shop, it has Japanese food in the £20-25 price range with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Browns Cambridge is a French restaurant with children friendly service and is also near The Sorrento and riverside.
Local restaurant The Dumpling Tree serves moderately-priced traditional English food.
Bibimbap House is a delicious new Italian restaurant with beautiful riverside views. We are located near The Rice Boat, come visit us for some tasty Italian.
Green Man offers a range of Japanese food at all over £30. It is located in the riverside area near All Bar One.
Taste of Cambridge is a low rated restaurant offering food for less than £20.
Loch Fyne is a Italian restaurant that does not cater to families.
The Punter is a family friendly low price coffee shop located close to Café Sicilia.
Alimentum is an mid-range Italian restaurant north of the City centre near the Yippee Noodle Bar.
The Twenty Two is a new kid friendly fast food restaurant
The Browns Cambridge serves Italian food and has excellent service.
The Travellers Rest Beefeater is on the riverside near Café Adriatic. It has an average customer rating, and typically charges less than £20.
Aromi is a coffee shop. It is located close to the city center. and has a superb view across the river. It doesn't provide family-style dining.
Near Café Adriatic in the riverside area is home to Travellers Rest Beefeater. They boost a high price range and a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Looking for cheap Chinese food, The Waterman is located near city centre.  The establishment is not family friendly.
There is a high priced, highly rated, kid friendly coffee shop called Blue Spice. It is in riverside near Avalon.
Near the Crowne Plaza Hotel, on the riverside, you can find the Browns Cambridge. This average rated coffee shop offers Japanese food and it's family friendly.
The Vaults provides a kid friendly environment with a moderately priced French cuisine.
Wildwood pub has an excellent customer rating for cheap Japanese food.
There is a five star coffee shop Browns Cambridge located near to the Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is child friendly.
The Plough is a child friendly restaurant with a high price range. This restaurant can be found near The Bakers.
The Waterman is a pub by the riverside that serves Japanese food and has a low customer rating.
Bibimbap House offers French food with expensive price near Clare Hall.
The Golden Curry is a child friendly fast food place with a high customer rating, near Café Rouge, in the riverside area.
Visit The Golden Curry today for a low price breakfast with a family friendly atmosphere near The Bakers.
The Strada is a highly rated French restaurant that serves food for more than £30.  It is near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.  The Strada does not cater to children.
There is a children-friendly Italian restaurant near the riverside area named The Twenty Two.
There is a child friendly French restaurant with a price range of more than £30 called The Vaults.
Browns Cambridge is a French coffee shop that is kid friendly with a riverside view near Crown Plaza Hotel
The Punter is a coffee shop in the expensive price bracket serving sushi. Its near Café Sicilia and is family friendly.
An Italian restaurant named The Eagle has a low customer rating.
Alimentum, which is located by the riverside, is kids-friendly, costs between £20-25 and serves Japanese food.
Green Man is a French establishment located in the city centre near All Bar One. It has a price range of less than £20 and is not family-friendly.
English food is served at The Rice Boat in riverside it has an average customer rating score no a family friendly atmosphere.
The Golden Curry is rated 5 of 5 stars. It is great for the family.
For those with a larger budget, Fitzbillies is an Italian style coffee shop located on the riverside.
Alimentum serves English food in the price range of £20-£25. It is near the Yippee Noodle Bar in riverside and has a high customer rating.
The Waterman is a high-rated pub that serves English food, located in the riverside area.
Situated close to Raja Indian Cuisine is The Wrestlers, a Japanese style coffee shop that serves dishes for under twenty pound.
Midsummer House is located near Café Rouge. It serves French food and has a rating of 1 out of 5.
The Waterman is a lowly rated restaurant located north of the city.
The Golden Palace is a fast food coffee shop in the riverside area with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and has a moderate price range.
The Cambridge Blue is a pub near Café Brazil which serves high price Indian food.
There's a kid friendly coffee shop in the city centre named, Blue Spice, located near Avalon. With a 5 out of 5 customer rating and a higher price menu.
The Italian restaurant, The Rice Boat, has a low customer rating and is not family-friendly, but meals are less than £20. It is located in the city centre near Express by Holiday Inn.
The Eagle is a highly rated, family friendly, Japanese coffee shop along the riverside and near Burger King.
In the riverside area, The Golden Palace restaurant is rated average.
Clowns is a cheap pub in riverside with a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
The Phoenix serves Indian cuisine and has been given an average rating by customers. The Phoenix is located near the riverside.
As a restaurant serving French cuisine, The Cambridge Blue has a low customer rating.
There is a five star coffee shop located near The Portland Arms called The Cricketers.
Café Rouge is a restaurant providing Italian food. It is located in Cotto.
Cotto is a family friendly Italian restaurant located near the Ranch. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Waterman is a low rated Chinese pub near the city centre.
The Eagle is a low-priced restaurant in the city centre that delivers take-away, near Burger King.
The Golden Curry is a non children friendly fast food restaurant. It has a high price range, and is near The Bakers.
The Giraffe, a pub on the riverside, is a great place to eat Japanese and yes, you can take kids.
The Wrestlers is a moderately priced eat in restaurant that is family friendly.
The Golden Curry is a cheap, family friendly Italian restaurant that is near The Bakers.
There is a kids friendly restaurant called Wildwood.
Highly rater, The Waterman offers fast food in city centre. Not kids friendly but costs between £20-25.
Near Rainbow Vegetarian Café there is a cheap family friendly French restaurant called Strada with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Cricketers is Italian food restaurant. It is by All Bar One.
There is a restaurant named Bibimbap House near Clare Hall in riverside that serves French food and the cost is moderate.
Offering Japanese food, The Olive Grove is a pub in the city centre that is adult only with high prices.
In the riverside area, the children friendly pub Giraffe serves Italian food.
Alimentum is rated three stars and provides breakfast near Yippee Noodle Bar.
Strada, a Japanese restaurant costing less than 20 pounds is located close to the Rainbow Vegetarian Café. It is not family-friendly.
The Strada, is located down the street from the 'Rainbow Vegetarian Café'.
In the riverside area is a pub called The Mill serving cheap Fast food.
The Cambridge Blue is a Japanese restaurant that has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop with Italian food, prices less then 20, in the riverside and has low ratings.
Cotto is a place to eat in the riverside area, near All Bar One. Meals at Cotto are priced more than 30 pounds.
French restaurant The Rice Boat, located on the riverside near the Express by Holiday Inn, provides food at moderate prices and is kid-friendly. It is rated 1 out of 5 with customers.
Browns Cambridge has a low customer rating and a price range of less than £20.
There is a  kids Friendly The Wrestlers with  moderate price range that provides Fast food and has customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Blue Spice serves high end English food and is located in the city centre
The Eagle is in the riverside area near Burger King.  It serves cheap Indian food and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.  It is family friendly.
A cheap, family friendly restaurant is Travellers Rest Beefeater
Cotto, near Ranch, is a family friendly French food venue with an average customer rating.
Located near the Crowne Plaza Hotel, The Waterman is a adult-only restaurant offering tasty traditional English snacks.
There is an Italian restaurant called The Dumpling Tree, with a price range £20-25.
Strada, near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café, serves English food.  It has an average customer rating, a high price range, and is not children friendly.
The Vaults is a children friendly fast food restaurant with a price range of more than £30.
The Waterman has English cuisine in a kid-friendly environment, located near the Crown Plaza Hotel
Cheap family favorite, The Twenty Two, near The Rice Boat in riverside, got a 5 out of 5.
there is a cheap French coffee shop named Cotto that has 5 out of 5 customer rating near The Portland Arms in the riverside area
The one star The Twenty Two is near The Rice Boat. It is cheap but not family friendly.
There is a French restaurant called The Cambridge Blue. It has a low customer rating.
On an average day,  children enjoy Aromi, a  coffee shop located along the riverside.
Loch Fyne is in the city centre near The Rice Boat, it serves Italian food and comes with an average customer rating
The Twenty Two is located in riverside, serves Japanese food and is child friendly.
The Olive Grove Pub, is a bad that doesn't over charge for sushi.
You can get English food at The Phoenix located in city Centre with the customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Wildwood French coffee Shop near the Ranch has a price range of more than £30.
The Wrestlers is an inexpensive 3-star restaurant offering Italian cuisine and a family-friendly atmosphere.
Bibimbap House is an Indian restaurant located in city centre near Clare Hall. It as a moderate price range
Alimentum is a Chinese restaurant that has cheap prices. It has a good rating and is located in city center near Yippee Noodle Bar.
The family friendly The Rice Boat restaurant is next to the Express by Holiday Inn hotel and serves high end British cuisine.
A restaurant called Browns Cambridge sells average Chinese food at an moderate price.
The Mill is a English pub located in the city centre area with a high price range
The Rice Boat Indian food is priced moderately for a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and is located in the riverside, boasts being kid friendly and being located near the Express by Holiday Inn.
The Eagle is a kid friendly coffee shop and fast food restaurant near Burger King with a low customer rating.
Taste of Cambridge near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area is a child friendly Italian coffee shop
On the riverside, The Rice Boat is located. It is a cheap Fast food. It is family friendly with a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is near Express by Holiday Inn.
The Cotto is a family friendly restaurant serving OK French food located  near Ranch.
The Olive Grove has a high price range it is a child friendly pub in riverside
The Punter is a high-priced coffee shop offering Japanese food. It is family friendly and located near Café Sicilia. It received a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Near Clare Hall by the riverside is a fast food and coffee shop named Clowns
The Rice Boat is Located next to shopping and entertainment the Rice Boat is a  5star affordable  Japanese restaurant. Located near Express by Holiday Inn  other hotels and main highways with Carryout and Chopsticks available
Welcome to The Rice Boat, where our food is English and our customer rating is average. Our price range is cheap, we're family-friendly, and we're located in the city centre by the Express by Holiday Inn
Japanese coffee shop called Browns Cambridge near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5, but it is not family-friendly.
The best coffee shop in the riverside area with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 is the Zizzi and is in the price range of only 20-25.
The Waterman is a Fast food restaurant in the Riverside area.  It is child friendly, has a high customer rating, and a price range of £20-25.
Giraffe is a family friendly Italian pub in the riverside area.
Taste of Cambridge is a coffee shop expert in Fast food near to Crowne Plaza Hotel
Zizzi is a coffee shop in the city centre with average customer ratings and a price range of less than £20.  It is not a family-friendly place.
An English food venue Cotto is kids friendly and is located near Ranch.  It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
There is an expensive coffee shop The Eagle that provides fast food. It is located in the center of the city near Burger King. It has 1 out of 5 customer ratings and is friendly to families.
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing Indian food in the moderate price range. It is located in the city centre. It is near Burger King. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
With high prices, Blue Spice is a child friendly restaurant located in Riverside.  It is rated 1 out 5.
The Rice Boat is a fast food family-friendly restaurant located in the city centre. It receives an average customer rating.
On the riverside, next to Yippee Noodle Bar you can find the restaurant Alimentum. Alimentum serves Italian food with a moderate price range.
A none family-friendly fast food place called The Golden Curry with a low customer rating.
Bibimbap House is s restaurant that serves delicious breakfast in a low cost range. It is located in city center., nearby Clare Hall.
With a customer rating of 1 out of 5 The Cambridge Blue restaurant serves English food.
The Travellers Rest Beefeater can be found in the riverside area near the Café Adriatic. Customers will find it in the high price Range and give it a customer Rating of 1 out of 5.
Blue Spice is moderately priced with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 located in the city centre and is child friendly.
A French restaurant named Loch Fyne have a moderate price range, but is not welcoming towards kids
Blue Spice is  family friendly with a  customer rating of 5 out of 5 situated on the riverside and is really cheap.
The Waterman has a low customer rating. It is an Italian pub located in Riverside.
Blue Spice is an Italian restaurant that is moderately priced in the riverside area.
Loch Fyne is riverside serving average Japanese food. It is near The Rice Boat.
Alimentum is an expensive Chinese restaurant with an average customer rating. It is located in City Centre near Yippee Noodle Bar.
Fitzbillies is a one star coffee shop located next to the river. It's mid-level price and family friendly place.
The Plough is a mid-priced pub located near Café Rouge.  It is not family friendly.
Strada's average prices are over £30, it is Children friendly and has a high customer rating.
The Cambridge Blue is a French pub located near Café Brazil in the £20-25 price range.
The Phoenix on the riverside has Japanese food and a low customer rating.
Alimentum is moderately reviewed, moderately priced American restaurant on the river near Yippee Noodle Bar.
Zizzi is a coffee shop located on the outskirts of the City Centre
The pub located near Café Brazil known as The Cambridge Blue serves French food at a high price range.
The Cambridge Blue is a Chinese restaurant with good reviews.
Pub with customer rating of 5 out of 5 sells French food with a price range of more than £30, which includes Wildwood.
Green Man in Riverside, is kids-friendly, offers Italian food in the moderate price range near All Bar One.
Cocum is a highly rated restaurant that is child friendly
In riverside near The Sorrento, there is a kid friendly Indian place called Browns Cambridge.
While shopping at city centre enjoy lunch at The Phoenix.  This Indian cuisine boasts a 5 out of 5 customer rating. A must try.
Giraffe located near The Bakers is a coffee shop with a modest price range of £20-25 with a high rating from our fans, no children
The Twenty Two is a cheap, low rated, not kid friendly  place near The Rice Boat.
Fitzbillies is a fast food restaurant and affordable. Next to The Six Bells.
The Waterman is an adult French food arrangement located at the riverside. It is moderately priced with a customer rating of a 1 out of 5.
The Olive Grove is an expensive pub in the riverside area that serves fast food.
The Punter is located in the city centre by The Portland Arms; it is not child-friendly and the price range is more than 30 pounds.
Zizzi is a restaurant in the city centre whose food is above the average price.
The Wrestlers is an English restaurant and child-friendly, with a high customer rating and meals ranging in the more than £30 price range.
Located in the city centre, Browns Cambridge is a high priced British restaurant with a three of five star rating.
The Cambridge Blue is a 3 out of 5 rated Japanese restaurant.
With a cheap price range and average customer rating, Fitzbillies  is located near Express by Holiday Inn. It is also family friendly.
The Golden Curry serves Fast food and is located in the city centre near Café Rouge. It is not family-friendly with a rating of 5 out of 5.
For a cheap restaurant with a customer rating of 5 out of 5, try Taste of Cambridge.
Fitzbillies is an average rated low cost French coffee shop located in the city centre.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop serving French food in a child friendly riverside location with a high price range and high customer rating.
If You're looking for family friendly fast food place I recommend The Waterman located near Crown Plaza Hotel.
A restaurant called The Mill, can be found near the riverside next to The Rice Boat.
The Eagle sells French food. It is rated as 3 out of 5.
The Wrestlers provides a family-Friendly atmosphere with cheap prices, fast food, and an average consumer rating.
Browns Cambridge serves Japanese cuisine. Its prices are higher than £30, and it has a 5 out of 5 consumer rating.
The Punter has Chinese food in the moderate price range.
Giraffe is a family friendly pub to get English food by the riverside.
The Olive Grove pub in riverside serves Indian food at decent prices, it doesn't allow children though.
The Waterman provides Chinese food in the high price range. It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is average.
The Cambridge Blue is a Chinese restaurant with low customer ratings.
There is a restaurant called Strada which offers high quality fast-food by the Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
Blue Spice is a coffee shop in the riverside near Avalon, Has 5 out of 5 rating, family friendly and cheap.
The Cambridge Blue is a restaurant serving French food with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Cricketers, a coffee shop, is near The Portland Arms with Italian food, family friendly, and 5 out of 5 rating
Near Clare Hall area, price range 23, Bibimbap House, McDonalds.
The Golden Curry is a kid friendly Chinese restaurant with a 1 out of 5 rating.
Wildwood is a restaurant providing take-away deliveries in the low price range. It is located in the city centre.
Near Café Brazil, there's The Vaults coffee shop.  It has a 5 out of 5 customer rating and a price range of more than  £30.
An Italian coffee shop with an average customer rating. Clowns is located near Clare Hall in the city centre.
The Eagle is a high priced Italian coffee shop near Burger King in riverside. It is not children friendly and has an average customer rating.
Fitzbillies is a medium-priced coffee shop overlooking the river. It has been rated 3 stars and is ideal for families.
The Golden Curry with a average rating is English and family Friendly.
There is a pub near Café Brazil named The Cambridge Blue that serves reasonably priced Japanese food.
Aromi is a pub in the city centre. It is family-friendly and rated low.
The Cricketers is a fast food, coffee shop, near The Portland Arms,  Kid Friendly, and customers give it a 3 out of 5
Strada is a 1-star French restaurant near Rainbow Vegetarian Café that is both pricey and family friendly.
Fitzbillies is located near The Six Bells. It serves English food at more than £30.
Browns Cambridge is a family oriented Japanese restaurant. It is located in the riverside area near The Sorrento.
Blue Spice is an Indian restaurant, with prices in the range of 20-25 pounds in the riverside area.
With cheap pricing, fast food restaurant The Golden Palace has an average customer review and is located near a coffee shop in city centre.
You can find Italian pub food that is kid friendly at The Dumpling Tree near The Portland Arms.
A pub that is not children friendly is Cocum. The customer rating is 5 out of 5 and the price range is more than 30.
Loch Fyne is a moderately priced restaurant offering Italian food while being kid friendly.
The Phoenix serves Indian food and has been given an average rating by customers. The Phoenix is located near the riverside.
The Phoenix is located in the riverside area and provides fast food at low prices
There is a child friendly Italian restaurant called Cotto with a poor customer rating located near Ranch.
The Eagle is near Burger King and is a Japanese  coffee shop in riverside. It has a low rating and is more than £30. It is not child friendly.
The Waterman is a child friendly establishment near Crowne Plaza Hotel that serves French food.
The Eagle is a Chinese restaurant with great customer ratings.
There is a cheap Japanese restaurant called Strada that is kid friendly located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café that has a low customer rating.
Taste of Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop. It serves French food in riverside setting, near the Crowne Plaza Hotel.
There is an average priced Italian restaurant called The Vaults, that also provides a family friendly atmosphere.
Loch Fyne is a Chinese restaurant that is child friendly.
For family friendly English food near All Bar One around riverside, choose Green Man. It is highly recommended and worth the high price.
coffee shop in Riverside called The Eagle is cheap and near Burger King. It is not family-friendly but is 5 out of 5.
Zizzi  is a pub serving  Italian food and is  kids friendly  and as a customer rating of  3 out 5
Blue Spice has a high customer rating and is kids friendly. It is in the riverside area and had a price range of £20-£25.
Alimentum, located in centre city, is not child friendly and has high priced Italian food.
For a price range less than £20, Fitzbillies is a coffee shop in the city centre, with a low customer rating serving family-friendly Italian food
The Waterman is a restaurant providing take-away deliveries in the medium price rage, we do not allow children we have a great customer rating of 3.5, located in a super spot in riverside.
If you're ever near The Six Bells, try out Fitzbillies. This restaurant offers Indian food for a moderate price.
The Olive Grove is located in the city centre serving French food. It is a family-friendly pub with a price range less than £20.
The Golden Curry is a £10 family friendly French food near The Bakers
Browns Cambridge is high priced with a low customer rating.
Check out The Wrestlers restaurant  that is family friendly and has a great 5 star review.
The moderately priced, kids friendly establishment The Punter can be found near The Portland Arms in the riverside area.
The Waterman is a traditional Japanese restaurant on the river, near city centre, that won't break your budget.
Giraffe is a pub that is located by the riverside. It is kid friendly and provides French.
Zizzi, located in the city centre is a 5 star child friendly coffee shop.
The French restaurant Browns Cambridge is cheap and has a great customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a high end coffee shop that is located next to Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Rice Boat is a moderately-priced French restaurant located on the riverside near Express by Holiday Inn. It is kid-friendly with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
family-Friendly Italian restaurant called The Waterman is near Crowne Plaza Hotel
The Rice Boat is located by the Express by Holiday Inn. The Rice Boat is high-priced and is family friendly with  3 stars.
Fitzbillies located in riverside is an adult only moderately priced highly rated fast food coffee shop
Browns Cambridge is a moderately priced Japanese restaurant.
There is a restaurant called Fitzbillies which serves Italian food within a price range of £20-25. It is located near The Six Bells.
Average-rated Chinese food in a child-unfriendly restaurant is on offer at Strada, near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
There is a cheap restaurant The Phoenix located in the centre of the city that provides take-away deliveries.
A professionally priced eatery by the river that serves English cuisine and has an average atmosphere is called The Phoenix.
The Eagle has a high customer rating and is  kid friendly Italian coffee shop near Burger King located in the Riverside area.
Near Café Brazil, by the river, there is an inexpensive coffee shop named The Vaults. It is highly rated.
The Punter offers cheap Indian food.
Zizzi is a pub providing Chinese food Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
A cheap yet highly rated family venue can be found in the riverside area called Blue Spice
An average rated, cheap, family-friendly pub can be found at Cocum.
The Rice Boat is close to Express by Holiday Inn in the city centre.  It is an expensive Fast food venue, and has a customer rating 1 out of 5.  This venue is not child friendly.
Strada is an Indian restaurant which is cheap and family friendly, with an average customer rating and is near Rainbow Vegetarian Café
There is a kid-friendly French restaurant named The Wrestlers with a one out of five customer rating and moderate prices.
In the riverside area, The Phoenix restaurant serves French food in the £20-25 price range. It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Strada serves moderately priced Indian food.  Located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café, it has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and is not kid friendly.
Located riverside is The Olive Grove, which serves cheap Indian food. It is a family friendly pub.
The coffee shop named The Eagle has cheap Indian food and an average customer rating. It is near the Burger King on the riverside and is not family friendly.
Cotto, in the city centre near The Portland Arms, is a French coffee Shop. its prices are around £20-25, with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Strada is a child friendly Indian near to Rainbow Vegetarian Café. It is in the high price range but is suitable for children.
The Midsummer House sells Indian food near All Bar One.  The customer rating is high and the price more than £30.
The Mill coffee shop in riverside near The Sorrento  serves Japanese food priced at less than £20.
The Phoenix sells cheap French food in the riverside area, but it has a one star customer rating.
With an average customer rating, Wildwood offers French pub entries for less than £20
The Loch Fyne is a restaurant which serves highly-priced French food. It is child-friendly.
The Zizzi is a family friendly Chinese pub with an average customer rating.
Family friendly Ranch and Cotto have a customer rating of 5 out of 5. They offer English food.
If you're looking for a cheap, family-friendly Fast food coffee shop, with an excellent customer rating of 5 out of 5, then go to The Eagle located near Burger King in the city centre.
A Japanese food restaurant in the city centre area is called The Phoenix, they serve Japanese food with a lower customer rating. The prices are more than £30.
there is a Indian restaurant with a 5 out of 5 rating called The Cambridge Blue
North of the city center is a British pub named The Waterman that has really great reviews.
Taste of Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop on the riverside near the Crowne Plaza Hotel offering Indian food.
Blue Spice is a coffee shop near Avalon in the area of riverside it has a high customer rating, is children friendly, and is in a price range of more than £30.
5 star, reasonably dear family restaurant, Alimentum located next to river
Café Rouge has a restaurant nearby with an average customer rating called Wildwood.
There is a French coffee shop in the city centre called Aromi. It is kid friendly and has a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
The Plough is a children friendly pub that serves English food in a moderate price range near Café Rouge.
Fitzbillies is a fast food coffee shop for adults with a rating of 3 out of 5. This Riverside location has a moderate price range.
The Cambridge Blue is a pub which serves Italian food for less than £20, it's near Café Brazil
The Cricketers is a restaurant serving French food. It located near All Bar One
Chinese food serving Strada, which is child-friendly, is located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café. It has a high price range and an average customer rating.
Next to the Yippee Noodle Bar, the Strada pub is rated three out of five stars.
Alimentum is restaurant providing Chinese food in average price range. It is located in the city centre near Yippee Noodle Bar.
In city centre near Yippee Noodle Bar there is a Fast food place called Alimentum. They recently scored a high rating because the prices are around £20-25.
Cheap Indian restaurant, The Wrestlers, only caters to adult parties but has a low customer rating.
The Waterman is not a family-friendly place with a price range less than £20 serving Italian Food at Riverside.  Low Customer Rating.
The Golden Curry is an average-rated, family friendly restaurant, serving fast food.
The Plough is a children friendly pub which provides Japanese food located near Café Rouge. It is in the high price range.
The Phoenix is a low-customer-rated Italian restaurant on the riverside
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop that serves high end foods for reasonable prices.
Near the Café Adriatic, in the riverside area, there is a cheap restaurant called the Travellers Rest Beefeater it has a customer rating of 5 out of 5
Cocum is a restaurant that is kids friendly and has received 1 out of 5 customer rating.
Browns Cambridge is an average-rated restaurant in the less than £20 price range.
By the river is a nice 3 star family place called The Rice Boat.
There is a pub named Wildwood which serves French food. It has a high customer rating with a price range of £20-£25.
Green Man provides Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in the city centre near All Bar One. It is not kids friendly.
Taste of Cambridge, a family-friendly coffee shop in the city centre serving French food is located near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
There is a five star restaurant called Alimentum located near Yippee Noodle Bar.
The Waterman offers Chinese food at a high price range in the city centre. It is not child friendly and has a 1 out of 5 rating.
If you are looking for a kid friendly place, there is a restaurant called The Plough which is just next to the Express by Holiday Inn.
Cocum is a coffee shop that offers Fast Food with a cheap price range, with a average customer rating. There is no family area.
Browns Cambridge in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel is a family-friendly, fast food and coffee shop with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Punter has Chinese food in the price Range of £20-25.
For a 3 out of 5 customer rated coffee shop that also serves Japanese food, Browns Cambridge is a child-friendly establishment located near Crowne Plaza Hotel in riverside.
Alimentum is a 5 out of 5 rated, cheap-priced French eatery near Yippee Noodle Bar.
Located in the riverside area is The Twenty Two. It is children friendly and serves French food.
For a child friendly coffee shop, check out Cocum, a moderately priced fast food joint with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Waterman is a highly-rated Indian restaurant in the riverside area.  It is child-friendly and in the high price range.
Browns Cambridge is a very highly-ranked English restaurant  in the low price range.
The Rice Boat is a French restaurant located in the area of Riverside. This restaurant is children Friendly and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
There is a family friendly Italian pub with price range more than £30 located near Café Rouge called The Plough.
The Twenty Two is close to The Rice Boat with low rating but moderate prices
This place called The Eagle has a high customer rating and Italian food.
On the riverside near The Rice Boat is another location called The Twenty Two.  It's kid friendly, falls in the moderate price range, and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Located near Clare Hall is a cheap fast food place named Bibimbap House near he riverside.
The Cambridge Blue is a pub near Café Brazil that provides English food with a price range of more than £30.
The Waterman is a low-priced restaurant that is not family-friendly.
There is a family friendly pub in the riverside area near The Sorrento called the Taste of Cambridge.
Travellers Rest Beefeater near Café Adriatic by a riverside in the City centre with an average price range and a average  customer rating.
Fitzbillies is a kid-friendly Japanese coffee shop located in the city centre. It has a 3 out of 5 rating and is between 20-25 pounds.
The Japanese riverside restaurant called The Waterman is family friendly, average, and less than £20.
High priced The Waterman rates average, serving Indian foods located in the city center is not kid friendly.
The Eagle is a family-friendly coffee shop with French cuisine. Prices are less than £20. Customers give it an average rating. It is located in the city centre near a Burger King.
Fitzbillies is a high-priced Chinese food restaurant located near The Six Bells.
Midsummer House serves low-rated French food and is near Café Rouge.
A high-end one-star pub called The Vaults is located near the Café Adriatic.
The Rice Boat is near Express by Holiday Inn in City Centre. It has an average customer rating and serves English food in the cheap price range and is family-friendly.
Located in Riverside near Burger King, The Eagle, with an average customer rating, is a family friendly Fast food serving coffee shop with a cheap price range.
Wildwood serves burgers and fries.  It is a high priced coffee shop.  Wildwood is located near the Ranch and rated one star.
Browns Cambridge is a high priced fast food restaurant.
Expensive riverside restaurant called Zizzi.
Bibimbap House provides Chinese food in riverside. It is near The Rice Boat.
The Phoenix is a fast food restaurant in the city centre.  Customers rated it 3 out of 5 and it is moderately priced.
The Vaults coffee shop is situated near Café Brazil.  Here you can eat for £20-£25.  The Vaults has a high customer rating.
There is a moderately priced Japanese restaurant called The Vaults which is kids friendly.
There is a place that serves English food in the city centre called Alimentum. The price range is less than £20.
There's an inexpensive pub called Wildwood that sells a decent British breakfast.
Blue Spice is a highly priced fast food restaurant located in the city centre.
A restaurant that serves English food and is children friendly named The Wrestlers, has a high price range and customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Golden Curry is a highly-rated kids friendly English food place near Café Rouge in the area of riverside.
In the city centre near Café Rouge is a pub serving Chinese food called the Green Man.
Highly rated Fitzbillies is a city centre French coffee shop.  It is expensive but highly rated.
The Rice Boat is an expensive, highly rated establishment serving Japanese food in the city centre near Express by Holiday Inn.  It is not child friendly.
Loch Fyne is a kid friendly Italian food restaurant .
Cotto is a family friendly restaurant that serves Japanese near the Ranch with a low customer rating.
At city centre near The Sorrento, a coffee shop called The Mill provides French food which has a price range of more than £30.
Loch Fyne is a cheap place to eat so good on a budget.
The Punter serves Japanese food at a low price.
The Rice Boat provides Chinese food in the high price range. It is located in the city centre. It is near Express by Holiday Inn. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Punter has a moderate price range and serves French food
Cocum is a pub with high customer ratings, ranges in price from £20-25 and is not kid friendly.
Zizzi pub is a restaurant that provides good quality foods and drinks. It is not opened to all age groups.
The Wrestlers  serves Japanese food at a moderate price is not kid friendly and only receives a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Midsummer House offers amazing Indian food,  affordable price range of £20-25, has a high customer rating and is near All Bar One.
Midsummer House sells Chinese. It is located near Café Rouge and has a rating of 5 out of 5
The pub called Giraffe is located at riverside. The pub provides fast food while also being kid friendly.
The Olive Grove pub in the riverside area serves English food. It is family friendly and the price range is cheap.
Blue Spice in city centre has moderately priced fast food.
The Waterman is a kids friendly restaurant that sells Italian food. It is near the Crowne Plaza Hotel.
In the riverside area near Express by Holiday Inn, The Rice Boat is an average, moderately priced, non-family-friendly English restaurant.
Cocum is a family friendly restaurant that is rated 5 out of 5 by customers.  They serve cheap pub food.
The Mill is a pub restaurant with an average price range.  This restaurant is in the riverside area and it sells English food.
Browns Cambridge is a fast food coffee shop with a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is located near to Crowne Plaza Hotel, by the riverside but it is not family-friendly.
Improving it's low rating Browns Cambridge offers Japanese cuisine starting at more than 30 euros.
for a family friendly fast food place with high places and 1 out of 5 stars there is Strada which is near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café
There is a high-end fast food restaurant located near The Six Bells. It is called Fitzbillies.
Fitzbillies is a fast food, kid friendly, coffee shop that is located in the city centre with a moderate price range and low customer rating.
In the centre of the city near Yippee Noodle Bar is an average Chinese restaurant with inexpensive food called Alimentum.
Midsummer House is a Fast food place near the Café Rouge. It has a customer rating of a 1 out of 5.
With a high price range and low customer service rating of 1 out of 5, a family-friendly Italian coffee shop named The Eagle has opened in the city centre near Burger King.
The Eagle has a high customer rating and a price of 20 to 25 pounds. It is located in riverside.
Cocum is a kid-friendly restaurant with a high customer rating.
Blue Spice serves Italian food with a cheap price range in the riverside area.
Taste of Cambridge is a restaurant that has a price range of £20-25, and a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Located on the banks of the Thames The Olive Grove is an adults only restaurant serving beluga at moderate prices.
The Vaults is an expensive pub located near Café Adriatic.
The Vaults is a moderately priced coffee shop located near Café Brazil in the City Centre with a 1 out of 5 customer rating.
Midsummer House is a cheap Indian restaurant located near All Bar One.  It has 5 out of 5 customer ratings.
In city centre there is an Indian place called Loch Fyne, it has low ratings but is right there near The Rice Boat.
Cocum is a coffee shop that has Italian food with a moderate price range, is kid friendly with a 3 out of 5 customer rating.
There is a cheap French coffee shop named The Wrestlers that is family friendly in riverside by Raja Indian Cuisine.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is rate 1 out of 5 by customers and is located by the riverside near Café Adriatic. The price range is high.
Fitzbillies coffee Shop, located near the River Cam in Cambridge, has a one-star rating and is not suitable for families with small children. Its low-priced menu includes sushi and seafood.
The Eagle, five star rated has cheap fare in the center of the city.
An Italian coffee shop near The Portland Arms that is not family-friendly is called The Cricketers. It has an average customer rating.
The Loch Fyne restaurant serves Chinese food. It is child friendly and high priced.
The Wrestlers is a English, high rating, kid friendly venue. The price range is £20-25.
Zizzi is an expensive, non-child friendly coffee shop in the city centre with a price range exceeding £30 and has a low customer rating.
There is a cheap fast food restaurant Bibimbap House located in Riverside, nearby Clare Hall. They focus on providing cheap fast food in the Riverside Area.
Located next to Raja Indian Cuisine, The Wrestlers coffee shop family friendly and well priced
Browns Cambridge is a Japanese coffee shop in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is family-friendly and has a customer rating of three out of five.
The Waterman, in the riverside area, serves fast food in a pub setting.  Customers rate it as average.
The Cricketers is located near The Portland Arms.  This coffee shop offers Japanese food and currently has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.  Kids Friendly - yes.
The Olive Grove is a kid-friendly pub located at the riverside with a price range of £20-25.
Fitzbillies is in the £20-25 price range is highly rated and kids friendly.  It is located near Express by Holiday Inn.
Blue Spice is in the city centre. It has low ratings and is not family-friendly. its price range is less than £20.
The Waterman is  a Chinese  restaurant that is cheap.  It is in riverside with an average rating and not family friendly.
Blue Spice offers average priced food.
Fitzbillies is a 3 stars restaurant, located near Express by Holiday Inn.
Offering a French cuisine, The Waterman is an average priced restaurant located in the center of the city. Customer Rating is 3 out of 5. Not a kid friendly atmosphere.
There is a restaurant that servers Italian food, its name is The Vaults.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly coffee shop in the low price range serving French food, situated near Raja Indian Cuisine
The Vaults is a 5 stars pub with middle prices in Café Adriatic.
The Mill is a pub Indian restaurant that located to the riverside.
Strada is not child friendly, has English food, the price range is high, has a 1 out of 5 customer rating, and is near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
A family friendly coffee shop,  with  prices under £20 and  located near The Bakers. Named Giraffe, it has been rated law by customers.
There is a family-friendly pub with cheap prices The Olive Grove located in city centre.
Green Man serves Italian food in moderate price range, it is not kids friendly place. You can find It in riverside area near All Bar One.
Not kids friendly and poor customer rating, 1 out of 5, is the French food store called The Wrestlers. It has moderate price ranges.
Located near The Bakers, The Golden Curry is a Chinese restaurant that is moderately priced.  It is not kid friendly.
Located in the riverside area, The Waterman is a highly-rated, kid-friendly Chinese restaurant with prices ranging from £20-25.
Strada is not a family-friendly coffee shop that serves English food with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 and is located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
A family friendly Indian restaurant riverside is the Green Man.  It is inexpensive and located near All Bar One.
An Indian pub named Zizzi is child friendly, with a rating of 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies Indian coffee shop is moderately priced,  kid friendly, and rated 3 out of 5 by customers.
A French coffee shop, The Punter, is not family-friendly, provides average service at less than £20 near Café Sicilia
Aromi is a family-friendly coffee shop that has fast food options. It is located in the city centre with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Fitzbillies coffee shop located in city centre serves Italian food at less than £20 and has a low customer rating is not family-friendly,
The Wrestlers is a 1 star restaurant that serves wines and cheeses. It is family friendly and moderately-priced.
Fitzbillies is a moderately priced restaurant near to Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
Midsummer House is a restaurant providing fast food in the low price range. It is located near All Bar One. There is a cheap restaurant Midsummer House located near All Bar One that provides Fast Food. Midsummer House is a low-priced restaurant near the All Bar One that provides Fast Food.
Loch Fyne is a restaurant providing French Food. Start from low price and friend-family.
The Rice Boat is in the city centre near Express by Holiday Inn. It is not kid friendly and serves high rated, moderate priced Chinese food.
You will be traveling to Browns Cambridge which is right by the riverside.  The location is near The Sorrento.  There will be a lot of Japanese food that will be provided for dining and the trip will be, yes, kid friendly.
There is a pub located in the city centre area. It is called Clowns and it has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 and a price range of more than £30.
The Vaults offers Chinese food between 20-25 Euros and is kid friendly.
Close to The Portland Arms you will be able to find a restaurant called Clowns
The Twenty Two, near The Rice Boat in riverside, is high end, children friendly, and highly rated.
Midsummer House, near All Bar One, serves cheap English food and has an average customer rating.
Browns Cambridge serves Italian food and is family-friendly. Just along the riverbank from the Crown Plaza Hotel, it only has a one-star rating so far.
Aromi is a Japanese coffee shop by the river. It is family friendly and tasty.
The adult coffee shop serves fast food for £20-25. It has a high rating and is called Cocum.
The Browns Cambridge is a Chinese restaurant in the high price range. The customer rating is average.
The Phoenix in the City Centre is a French restaurant known for its expensive and poorly reviewed food.
The Eagle is a family-friendly coffee shop offering moderate Japanese food.  Situated in the city center close to Burger King
the Strada sells Chinese food at moderate prices. i give it 3 out of 5 stars and this place is kids friendly. it is next to Rainbow Vegetarian Café
Giraffe coffee Shop is near The Bakers, it is family friendly with a price range of less than £20. Customers have given it an Average rating.
The Rice Boat has a high customer rating and a cheap price range. it serves Japanese food and is family friendly, it is located in riverside near the Express by Holiday Inn
The Cambridge Blue is a Chinese food Pub for less than  £20 near Café Brazil
Located in city centre near All Bar One, is a kid friendly restaurant called The Green Man. It has moderate price range and serves English food.
The Golden Curry is an Italian eatery with an average customer and are not family-friendly.
Near Rainbow Vegetarian Café is a Fast Food restaurant called Strada. They are not kid friendly have a high customer rating and are priced between 20-25 euros.
The Rice Boat is located in riverside near Express by Holiday Inn. £20-25 price range and High costumer rating.
Irresistible Cocum and succulent combo, a hamburger quality, addictive chips, and soda are cool and calm your hungry beast
Midsummer House is a restaurant serving Indian cuisine.  It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.  Midsummer House is located near Café Rouge.
Taste of Cambridge is a centrally located family pub near The Sorrento.
The Mill has Japanese food and is a pub. It is in riverside and has a price range of more than £30.
The Browns Cambridge is a kids friendly pub located near The Sorrento. It serves Fast food and is on the riverside.
The Twenty Two is a fast food takeout which is not family friendly.
The French coffee shop in riverside is called Aromi. It is children friendly with a customer rating of low.
The Dumpling Tree is a children friendly pub serving Fast food. It is located near The Portland Arms.
Giraffe is a pub that serves Fast food, located at the riverside and a Family friendly.
Visit Loch Fyne restaurant for expensive Italian food in a non child friendly environment.
Cotto is a coffee shop near The Portland Arms  situated by the river serving French food of a higher price range with an average customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Riverside has a high end coffee shop near The Sorrento including Fast food at The Mill.
Rated 1 out of 5 Zizzi fast food pub is child friendly
Fitzbillies is a moderate priced coffee shop that sells Italian food. It is located in the city centre, is not kid friendly, and has 3 out of 5 rating.
The Wildwood pub serves fast food at around the £20 per head mark. It has low ratings.
The Waterman serves Indian cuisine at a moderate price. The food has been rated 3 out of 5 by customers and is located next to the riverside. Sorry, no kids allowed.
Treat yourself to Aromi, A Chinese restaurant located on the riverside.
The pub Strada is rated average by customers. This Fast food outlet is located near to Yippee Noodle Bar.
For a kid friendly, Japanese pub near The Portland Arms, try The Dumpling Tree.
The Dumpling Tree is an Italian restaurant that costs more than 30 Euros.
Midsummer House is close by All Bar One. It's a good place and expensive but it's really worth it.
Strada is a family friendly French place with high ratings and cheap prices near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
In the riverside area there a high prince range coffee shop called The Dumpling Tree near Café Sicilia that is children friendly.
In the city centre near Express by Holiday Inn you will find The Rice Boat.  It offers Indian food for less than 20.  It has a low customer rating and is not family friendly.
Near Café Sicilia with a cheap price range is The Punter. An average rated Italian coffee shop.
Zizzi is a kids-friendly, Japanese pub, rated 1 out of 5.
The Golden Curry is near Café Rouge in riverside. It is rated 5 out of 5 but is not family-friendly. They serve Italian.
There is a children friendly pub  called in The Olive Grove the riverside, it's a Fast food but it quite expensive,
A fast food restaurant, The Rice Boat is located in the city centre.
The Waterman is a high priced, child friendly place located in riverside.  It serves French food and has a rating of 3 out of 5.
For a French restaurant with an average price of £20-25, try The Dumpling Tree.
An inexpensive Indian restaurant, The Waterman is in the city centre. It is a highly rated, family friendly place.
Wildwood is a Chinese pub that is inexpensive that has a low customer rating.
The Waterman is family friendly and serves fast food near Crown Plaza Hotel.
The 5 out of 5 rated The Cricketers coffee shop is located near The Portland Arms. This shop serves French food in a child friendly atmosphere.
Loch Fyne is a fast food restaurant that is child friendly.
Fitzbillies is a fast food coffee shop for adults. It has a cheap price range and a rating of average. It is in Riverside.
The Rice Boat is a kid-friendly fast food restaurant located in the city centre by the Express by Holiday Inn. It has a moderate price range and a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Riverside has a child-friendly coffee shop.  Price range is more than 30 pounds, with a low customer rating. It's called Zizzi.
Located near Burger King on the river, The Eagle is a low cost, family friendly coffee shop.
If you are looking for a family Friendly  Type restaurant then you might want to try Loch Fyne where they have Fast food at a cheap price range.
The Rice Boat is a children-friendly, French food restaurant with a perfect rating and a price range of more than £30, it is located in the city centre near the Express by Holiday Inn.
In the city centre there is a place called Blue Spice that is not children friendly, but has a price range of more than 30 with a low customer rating
Cotto is in riverside near All Bar One with a high price range.
Clowns can be found close to Café Sicilia and are cheap and more importantly friendly towards your children.
The Wrestlers is a high priced Japanese restaurant, with a rating of 3 out of 5 and children friendly.
The Rice Boat is a family friendly restaurant located near Express by Holiday Inn in the city centre which offers top quality food at a low price.
The Waterman is a high-priced restaurant in the city centre that is not children friendly.
There is an expensive English restaurant in the city centre called Blue Spice.
The Cricketers is a kid-friendly pub with a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is located near Ranch.
Giraffe is a coffee shop that has a moderate price range. It is near The Bakers and is kid friendly. The customer rating is 1 out of 5.
A Cheap restaurant with a customer Rating of 5 out of 5 is The Rice Boat, near to the Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
The Vaults is a moderately priced French restaurant but is not kid friendly.
The Green Man is family friendly, Japanese restaurant with prices less then 20, near All Bar One in the riverside area.
A low customer rated fast food and coffee shop, Browns Cambridge, is family friendly and is near Crown Plaza Hotel in riverside
A high priced pub serving fast food with an average customer rating is called Wildwood.
Fitzbillies near Express by Holiday Inn is expensive with an average rating of 3 out of 5.  It is not child friendly.
child-friendly Cocum Japanese coffee shop, priced at £30 has a low customers rating .
On the riverside there is a French coffee shop called Aromi. It is rated 5 out of 5 by its customers. It is great for families.
The Cricketers is a child-friendly coffee shop located near The Portland Arms. As well as being a coffee shop, The Cricketers also sells Indian food. It has an average customer rating and is suitable for children.
There is a mid-priced, 3-star, family friendly coffee shop that also offers sushi, called Cocum.
Children are welcomed at Green Man. It's located along the river and prices are less than £20.
The Green Man is kid friendly and inexpensive and can be found near All Bar One.
The Eagle, near Burger King is an Italian coffee shop with a price range of £20-25, and was given a high customer rating but is not kid-friendly.
Cotto near Ranch has average rated fast-food and is a family-friendly place.
Green Man, a pub near Café Rouge in the riverside area, serves Japanese food.
Giraffe is a high-priced restaurant located by The Six Bells.
There is a highly rated Italian coffee shop in the Riverside area that cost more then more than £30.  It is named The Golden Palace.
Clowns is a French restaurant and coffee shop with a high customer rating near Clare Hall in riverside.
Although not family-friendly, The Golden Curry which serves Italian cuisine has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge is a cheap fast food place, rated 5 out of 5.
Strada is a fast food restaurant located near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café that provides low quality food at high prices, and is not family friendly.
Cotto is coffee shop that serves French food in the riverside area near The Portland Arms. Prices range from £20-25. It has a high customer rating.
Child friendly French coffee shop near The Portland Arms, The Cricketers is child friendly and highly rated.
A child friendly English restaurant but with a high price range is Loch Fyne.
The Waterman is a high priced, fast-food restaurant in the riverside area.  Customer reviews of the restaurant give it a 1 out of 5.  This is not a  children friendly location.
A cheap restaurant near All Bar One is Green Man. It is located on the riverside, serves Italian food, and is family friendly.
Zizzi is a moderate price range coffee shop located along the riverside.  Kid friendly with a 3 out of 5 rating.
The Wrestlers serves French food is moderately priced and not kid friendly and rated 1 out of 5 stars.
Cotto is an expensive coffee shop in City centre. They have a three star rating. They are located near The Portland Arms.
In the riverside area is a kid friendly Fast food place called The Twenty Two.
a child friendly restaurant with a rating of 3 out of 5 would be Cocum.
Cotto can be found close to the Ranch. It is a family friendly fast food restaurant. However it has a low customer rating.
For a lovely Café meal in a family friendly setting try The Dumpling Tree. It is reasonably priced and family friendly. Located near Café Sicilia in the riverside area.
Taste of Cambridge is a restaurant that serves food that is cheap.
The Eagle coffee shop in the city centre provides cheap Italian food and has achieved high customer satisfaction. It does not cater for families with children. Burger King is nearby.
Green Man by a riverside near All Bar One is child Friendly serving Japanese food with a high price Range.
The Olive Grove is a Italian pub in riverside with a high price range and it is not a child friendly zone.
Japanese pub Zizzi is five out of five and not family-friendly.
The Waterman is a low rated, not family-friendly restaurant that serves Japanese food under £20 near the riverside.
Alimentum is a family friendly burger joint that is cheap.
The Twenty Two serves Italian food.  They are kid friendly.
Situated in riverside, The Rice Boat is an averagely rated children friendly Fast food venue.
If you're in the mood for Fast food, and looking to spend £20-25, then look no further than The Dumpling Tree restaurant
The Eagle serves Indian food and has a customer rating of average.
in the city centre near Yippee Noodle Bar there is a fast food place called Alimentum with a average customer rating that is cheap
To get away from children, you can visit Green Man, in the city centre. A meal there is upwards of £30
Cocum is a family friendly coffee shop with middle of the road prices. They have a five star rating.
The Strada serves moderately priced average Indian food in a child-friendly atmosphere not far from the Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
The Punter is a cheap coffee shop that is 3 star and serves sushi. It is near Café Sicilia
There is an Indian  restaurant called Loch Fyne with a 5 out of 5 customer rating and it's located in city Centre near The Rice Boat.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that serves Indian food for in a moderate price range. They have a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and are kid friendly.
The Plough is a cheap Fast food restaurant. It provides a family friendly atmosphere. The food is pub like. It is rear the Café Rouge.
Located in the city center near to the Café Rouge, The Midsummer House is a 5 star French restaurant.
In City center lies The Waterman, a kid friendly establishment that serves French food. The price range is £20-25 and the customer rating is 3 out of 5.
Midsummer House is a five-star high-priced restaurant that offers cheese and wine. It is just opposite All Bar One in the city centre.
The Rice Boat is in the riverside, near the Express by Holiday Inn. It serves Japanese food, is non-children friendly, expensive and highly rated.
Fitzbillies  has a price range of more than 30 pounds, and is near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
Fitzbillies coffee shop provides sushi. It is medium priced, family friendly and has a 1 star rating.
Aromi is a fast food coffee shop in an adult only atmosphere located in the city centre with low ratings.
Fitzbillies is a cheap option just near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
The Golden Palace is an inexpensive coffee shop just off the river.
Serving Japanese food is Cocum coffee shop. Though with a low customer rating, Cocum is family friendly and the price range is under £20.
Located in the riverside area, near Café Rouge, The Golden Curry is a family-friendly Chinese restaurant with average customer ratings.
You can get English food in The Rice Boat in  riverside area.
Wildwood is a five star pub which is highly recommended.
The Punter sells French food. its price range is less than £20.
Browns Cambridge provides Indian food in the more than £30 price range. Its customer rating is high.
The Waterman is a cheap Indian food restaurant near the city centre. It has an average customer rating and is not family friendly.
There is a coffee shop called Wildwood which provides English food and wines in the low prices. It is located near to Ranch and has 5 out of 5 stars range.
The Wrestlers is an excellent food and very good attention
Strada Sushi is a moderately priced, family friendly restaurant near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
The Rice Boat has an average rating and offers French cuisine for families looking to eat outside of the City centre.
The Phoenix is a French restaurant located at the riverside. The customer rating is low.
The Wrestlers fast food coffee shop is kids friendly is located in city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine.
Midsummer House is a low cost restaurant serving pastas and wines located a short distance from All Bar One.
Near Café Rouge is Midsummer House. It is a 5 star English food restaurant.
The Dumpling Tree is an Indian restaurant with a price range between twenty and twenty five euros.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop located near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre. It serves Fast food and is not family-friendly, but has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
coffee shop Fitzbillies can be found in the riverside area of the city. It provides fast food and its prices are high. It has a low customer rating and is not child-friendly.
The Rice Boat is a very highly rated but low-priced riverside restaurant.  It is located in riverside, near the Express by Holiday Inn, and is not family-friendly.
Near the Raja Indian Cuisine in riverside with a price  Range of 20£-25 and is Kids Friendly  is a Fast food coffee shop called The Wrestlers
There is an Italian restaurant located in the city centre, with a high customer rating. It is called The Waterman and has a price range of £20-25 but it is not child-friendly.
Near the Crowne Plaza Hotel is The Waterman which serves Fast food and is children Friendly
There is a low priced pub that serves Indian food named Wildwood and it has the highest customer rating.
Blue Spice allows children, is in the city centre and costs more than £30.
Browns Cambridge provides cheap Chinese food with an average customer rating.
Cotto has a cheap price range and is located in riverside near All Bar One.
The Cambridge Blue is an expensive French pub near Café Brazil.
There is a family friendly restaurant called The Wrestlers that is located near Raja Indian Cuisine with high price takeaway menu items.
The Golden Curry is not a family-friendly pub and is situated near Café Rouge in the city centre. They serve French food and have an average customer rating
The fast food restaurant called Midsummer House, has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and is close to Café Rouge.
Blue Spice is an expensive fast food establishment on the riverside.
The Punter is a Fast food venue with an average price range of £20-25.
Cotto provides Indian food It is near Ranch. Its customer rating is average.
Wildwood is a pub with low customer ratings and cheap prices. They are in the city and they serve fast food.
Browns Cambridge is a cheap, average venue.
The Golden Curry is a cheap fast food joint located near The Bakers. It is family friendly.
Near the Burger King, The Eagle is a coffee shop style Japanese, low price, this restaurant is a good place for kids.
The Phoenix, is in the city center. They have Chinese food and a star rating of 1 out of 5.
I do not know where The Dumpling Tree is located
The Blue Spice is cheap, medium rated and non-kids friendly. It is located in the city centre.
The Golden Curry is a high priced.  They serve fast food and are family friendly.  They are located near The Bakers.
Giraffe is not family friend. It is a fast food pub in the city centre.
The city centre is home of The Twenty Two near The Rice Boat. It has an average customer rating and a price range of less than 20 pounds, but is not family-friendly.
For a French coffee shop experience, try The Punter, near Café Sicilia. While customers rate is as average, it is family friendly with a price range of less than £20.
Browns Cambridge is an urban pub that sells poor quality food for middling  prices.
The Cambridge Blue is one star restaurant.
Alimentum is an expensive, five star restaurant near Yippee Noodle Bar that sells cheese, wine, and soup.
Alimentum serves cheese and wine at good prices. Children welcome.
The Olive Grove is a kid friendly pub located in the riverside that serves Indian food for £20-25.
Diners interested in spending a bit more on their meals should visit The Punter for traditional Japanese food.
For a family friendly restaurant a stone's throw away from The Sorrento, you will want to try the Chinese cuisine at Browns Cambridge in the riverside area.
The coffee shop that serves Japanese food and is kid friendly by the riverside is Fitzbillies. The price range is £20-25 and the customer rating is 3 out of 5 stars.
Browns Cambridge serves moderately priced fast food with a one star customer rating.
Cocum is a pub with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.  They're children friendly and have a price range of more than £30.
The Vaults is a cheap and family friendly Italian restaurant.
Cocum is not family-friendly restaurant with a average customer rating.
Browns Cambridge has a low rating and an expensive price range.
There is a £20-25 Fast food named The Punter,
Midsummer House is near All Bar One with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.  It has a price range of more than £30 and serves Japanese food.
The Rice Boat fast food has a customer rating of 1 out of 5, it is in the riverside area with and it is kid friendly
Green Man provides Indian food in the high price range. It is located in the city centre. It is near All Bar One.
French pub called Strada located near Yippee Noodle Bar and customer rating is low
The Eagle is an Italian food coffee shop located near Burger King in the city centre.  With a price range of £20-25, it is highly rated and is not conducive for kids.
The Rice Boat is an Italian establishment located near Express by Holiday Inn in the city centre. The rice Boat is not family-friendly and has a rating of average.
The Golden Curry, a Chinese restaurant rated five out of five by customers is located near Café Rouge, in the city centre. However, it is not family friendly.
In the riverside, near the Express by Holiday Inn, there is The Rice Boat, that serves Japanese food, is non-children friendly, expensive and highly rated.
An Indian restaurant named The Wrestlers has a price range of more than 30 pounds. It has a high customer rating and is not children friendly.
Strada is  located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café. It serves Japanese food, is family friendly, is expensive and has a high customer rating.
The fast food shop, The Golden Curry, is kids-friendly and has high customer rating.
Strada is not kid friendly. They are in the moderate price range and have a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Waterman is a family-friendly English food place with their prices ranges less than £20. They are located in the city center with a low customer rating.
Bibimbap House is a high priced takeaway restaurant. It is located close to Clare Hall near to the City Centre
Cocum is a pub with a moderate price range, a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and it is child-friendly.
Browns Cambridge, the coffee shop, can be found near Crowne Plaza Hotel, in City Centre, but it is not family-friendly and has low ratings.
The pub, The Twenty Two on the river side, near Café Sicilia, has a poor customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Rice Boat provides Indian food. It has a customer rating of average. It is located in the city centre and is not family friendly.
The Plough is a family-friendly pub north of Café Rouge with a high price range.
Indian food serving The Punter, a coffee shop near Café Sicilia, is cheap, family friendly and has a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
Strada is a child friendly restaurant with high prices and a customer rating 1 out of 5.
For Chinese food of a moderate price range Blue Spice in a good option. It is located in the city centre area.
There is a restaurant  called Clowns located near The Portland Arms.
The Taste of Cambridge, located near the Crowne Plaza Hotel in Riverside, is a kid friendly coffee shop.
Stay away from The Phoenix if you want Italian in riverside.  They have high prices and terrible ratings.
Near Café Rouge is The Plough a kids-friendly pub that is moderately priced and serves Italian food.
There is a children Friendly coffee shop The Eagle in the city centre that provides Italian food at high price. It is located near Burger King and it has customer rating of 1 put of 5.
Browns Cambridge is a venue with cheap prices and average customer rating.
The Aromi is a family-friendly coffee shop with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The kid friendly coffee shop, Blue Spice, is located in Riverside. It is next to Avalon.  They are customer rated 3 out of 5 and are in the price range of 20-25.
The Twenty Two is kids friendly place located near The Rice Boat at the riverside area.
The Waterman is an averagely rated,  English pub located in Riverside.
The Waterman has a customer rating from three to five, serves Japanese food costing from twenty to twenty-five euros, is kid friendly, and is located in the riverside area.
Cocum is an average priced Italian coffee shop. It is child friendly and has a high customer rating.
The highly rated, family friendly coffee shop 'Browns Cambridge', is located near the Crowne Plaza Hotel along the riverside. It serves mostly sushi.
Although Fitzbillies cost more more , it is near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
The Wrestlers is a children friendly Japanese restaurant near Raja Indian Cuisine in the Riverside area, come down to our coffee shop in the medium price range
The Rice Boat is a Japanese restaurant located in riverside near Express by Holiday Inn.  It is not a children friendly establishment.  It offers highly priced food with a customer rating of 3.
The Punter is a hearty British establishment offering low cost all day breakfast for all the family, situated close to the shopping centre.
The Vaults offers Indian food for a low price but is not family friendly.
The Rice Boat is a child friendly Italian restaurant with high customer ratings and a price range higher than £30, it is located in the riverside area close to the Express by Holiday Inn.
The moderately priced fast food establishment The Rice Boat can be found in the riverside area neat the Express by Holiday Inn. it is kids friendly and has been rated 1 out of 5 by previous customers.
Green Man is found near All Bar One, riverside. They have a price range of less than £20 for Chinese food. They are said to be family friendly.
The Olive Grove is a children friendly pub in Riverside. They serve fast food in the high price range.
Cotto provides kids friendly French food with the customer rating 1 out of 5, and located near Ranch
Browns Cambridge is a highly rated coffee shop which serves fast food. It is located near to the Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area and is considered to be non family-friendly.
The Wrestlers is a restaurant providing English food in the high priced range.  It is children friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Cotto is a coffee shop near The Portland Arms in riverside.  It serves Japanese food for less than £20.
There is a 3-star coffee shop called Clowns located east of Clare Hall.
Located in the city centre near Burger King, The Eagle is a family-friendly coffee shop with French cuisine. Prices are less than £20. Customers give it an average rating.
Serving French food is The Phoenix it is a 3 out of 5 rated location in the riverside area
The Golden Curry is a medium priced sushi restaurant. It does not allow children and is located near to The Bakers.
Alimentum is a cheap, 5 star noodle restaurant that is near Yippee Noodle Bar.
The Punter is a Japanese food place whose price range is less than 20
close to the Express by Holiday Inn hotel by the riverside you will find The Rice Boat restaurant.  This serves Italian food, is cheap and has an average customer rating but is not family-friendly
The Eagle is a kid friendly coffee with a high customer rating that serves fast food at a price range of £20-25, located near Burger King in the city centre.
Cotto is a coffee shop in the low price range. It is located near to The Portland Arms.
The family-friendly Italian restaurant The Rice Boat is located in the city centre with a customer rating 5 out of 5.
The Waterman near Crown Plaza Hotel is kid friendly and serves French cuisine.
The Olive Grove pub is located near the river.  It offers mid-priced fare and is family-friendly.
The Aromi is an Indian coffee shop in a riverside location. It has a high customer rating and is child friendly.
A cheap place to eat in the city centre is The Phoenix.  It's a French restaurant and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
There is Fast food pub with low customer rating, located in the city centre, named The Waterman.
The Cricketers coffee shop, serving Indian food, has an average customer rating and is not family friendly. It is located near The Portland Arms.
In the city centre area is a Japanese restaurant named Aromi. It is a coffee shop with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Vaults coffee shop in the riverside area,  near Café Brazil.  Has a high price range and a low customer rating.
With a 5 out of 5 customer rating The Cambridge Blue is a Indian restaurant.
The Rice Boat is and English restaurant for adults. Although it has a low customer rating, it serves affordable food for less than 20 pounds. It is located near the Express by Holiday Inn in riverside.
The Cotto is Ranch that has Italian food, is family friend and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Cricketers is a pub located near Ranch. It is children friendly and has a 3 out of 5 customer rating.
The Mill is a low-priced pub which serves breakfast food and is located in the City centre.
A restaurant which provides affordable food is The Golden Palace.
The Waterman is not family-friendly, offering French food at a price range less than £20; it is located near the Riverside area and has a low customer rating.
Midsummer House is a higher-priced, 3 star sushi restaurant located near All Bar One.
By the river and close The Portland Arms is Cotto coffee shop; wide variety, low prices and highest rating make this a place to try.
Loch Fyne has fast food on the riverside with a rating of 1 out of 5 for the restaurant The Rice Boat
Cocum is a family friendly pub that is cheap and has a low customer rating.
The Waterman high price range, but children friendly.
The Olive Grove is a kids friendly moderate price range pub that serves Italian food by the riverside.
Close to Café Brazil is The Vaults coffee Shop.  It receives five stars and is a higher priced establishment.
The Waterman is a moderate priced restaurant family restaurant north of the City center.
Near Café Rouge is The Plough pub.  Its is child friendly and offers English food at a moderate price.
Alimentum is a cheap French restaurant located in the city centre near Yippee Noodle Bar with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Near Café Rouge is Midsummer House.  Their 3 star menu serves British food.
The Eagle is a children Friendly coffee shop with a high customer rating located in the riverside area near Burger King. The price range is more than 30 English sterling. It offers Italian food.
The Rice Boat is a mid-cost, family-friendly restaurant located near Express by Holiday Inn.
The Rice Boat is a Japanese eatery located near the Express by Holiday Inn in the city centre. Their prices are less than £20 but have low customer ratings and are not family-friendly.
Located in the riverside area near Café Rouge, The Golden Curry provides Italian cuisine in an non-family-friendly environment. It has a low customer rating.
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly English restaurant. It is located on the riverside near The Sorrento.
The Golden Curry is a Chinese food restaurant is located near The Bakers. This is a high priced restaurant that isn't child friendly.
Fitzbillies is a child-friendly coffee shop in the City Centre. Fitzbillies serves Japanese food, has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 and has prices that are higher than average.
With a customer rating of 3 out of 5, The Waterman is a children-friendly high priced French restaurant in the city centre.
The Plough is a moderately priced kid friendly restaurant Located near The Bakers
In the city centre near The Sorrento there is an Indian coffee shop called The Mill.  The price range is moderate.
The Punter is a fast food coffee shop near Café Sicilia. It has a high customer rating and is not children friendly. Prices range at more than 30 pounds.
The Punter is a moderately priced coffee shop which also serves Indian food.  It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5, located near Café Sicilia and is kids friendly.
In City Centre, the Green Man offers British food at an inexpensive price.   It's family friendly and near All Bar One.
Loch Fyne is an Italian restaurant located in city centre near The Rice Boat. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Phoenix has an average customer Rating situated near the riverside selling cheap Italian food.
The Waterman is a kid friendly restaurant with high customer ratings. It serves fast food and its dishes range between £20 and £25. It is located in the city centre.
Zizzi is a pub serving Indian food. The pub is not family friendly, and has a modest average rating.
Situated in the city centre near The Sorrento, Browns Cambridge is a family-friendly place serving English cuisine
Along the riverside is The Phoenix with an average customer rating that sells Italian food
Strada has a low customer rating is family friendly and offers selections for less than £20.
The Wrestlers is a restaurant serving French food. It is not child-friendly. The prices are more than £ 30. Customer ratings are low.
The cheap Japanese coffee shop Cotto is located in the city centre near The Portland Arms.  They are highly rated with 5 out of 5.
The Waterman is  premium priced, non child friendly and has an average customer rating.  It serves English food and is located in the city centre.
Inexpensive but low rated, Browns Cambridge serves Indian cuisine.
Alimentum is a kid friendly fast-food restaurant located on the riverside. It has a price range of 20-25 pounds.
The kid friendly Japanese restaurant is called Loch Fyne.
There is a high priced coffee shop called The Eagle in the Riverside area, near Burger King, with an average customer rating, that serves Indian food and is also child friendly.
The Eagle is eat type coffee shop providing Italian food near Burger King riverside area.
Highly rated and family-friendly The Rice Boat serves fast food starting at more than £30. It is located near city centre and  Express by Holiday Inn.
Alimentum serves Indian food. It is a cheap restaurant that is situated by a river and near Yippee Noodle Bar. It has a average rating.
Loch Fyne is a dine in family restaurant that is fairly expensive.
Zizzi is an English food pub with a 5 out of 5 customer rating and is family friendly
The Rice Boat is not family-friendly. They have a customer rating 5 out of 5. They serve Japanese food. They are located in the riverside area near Express by Holiday Inn. There price range is cheap.
In the city centre, near Clare Hall is a average rated Japanese coffee shop called Clowns.
The Rice Boat is an Italian restaurant located in the city centre.
The Rice Boat is a cheap Japanese restaurant in city centre. The Rice Boat is a good place to take the kids, it's right by the Express by Holiday Inn.
You can eat Indian food at The Wildwood pub for a high price range. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
There is a riverside pub, The Mill, which provides French cuisine
Blue Spice is an Indian restaurant from less than £20.  It is located in the city centre.
There is a moderately priced Fast food place near All Bar One with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 called Midsummer House.
it is a Fast food and family yes with The Waterman and cheap food riverside has 5 out of 5
A cheap family friendly restaurant that serves Indian food in the area is called Loch Fyne
Midsummer House has cheap Indian food near All Bar One with a 5 out of 5 rating.
Blue Spice has a high price range in riverside.
Near the river, there is an inexpensive adult restaurant called Blue Spice.
There's an expensive family friendly sushi restaurant called Strada just north of the Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
There is an Indian pub named The Dumpling Tree. It is located near The Portland Arms and is not family friendly.
Aromi near riverside is a Fast food coffee shop average rated children friendly
Fitzbillies is located near Express by Holiday Inn. It is family friendly and has a price range of less than £20. It has low customer rating.
The Rice Boat is a Japanese restaurant located in the riverside area near Express by Holiday Inn. Though the customer rating is low the price range is reasonable.
Strada is a cheap restaurant that is close to the Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
The Eagle is a coffee shop It provides fast foods at a reduced price and is located near the river,there Burger King
Wildwood, located near the city center., is a low price pub.
If you are in the mood for English cuisine and are in the riverside area, look no further than The Rice Boat.  With it's high customer satisfaction rating, family friendly atmosphere, it is the perfect spot to enjoy a night out.
The Waterman is a family-friendly cheap fast food restaurant located in city centre. It has good Customer Rating.
coffee shop, Clowns, located in Riverside near Clare Hall, has an average customer rating and provides Indian food
The pub Zizzi is a family friendly place to eat with a 3 star rating.
The Wrestlers provides cheap fast food.  It is family friendly and has been rated 5 out of 5 by customers.
Fitzbillies is located near to The Six Bells. With a price range of around £20-£25, it serves English cuisine.
A high-priced Italian food coffee shop, The Punter has a low customer rating, is children friendly and is located near Café Sicilia.
Alimentum is a cheap, one-star French restaurant outside of the City centre. It is close to Yippee Noodle Bar.
The customer rated 1 out of 5, Wildwood is near Café Rouge.
The Cambridge Blue is a restaurant that serves Japanese food. they have a customer Rating of 5 out of 5.
The Punter is a coffee shop located near Café Sicilia. They serve traditional Japanese food in the medium price range. It is rated one star and has no public restroom.
The Rice Boat in riverside provides English food.
The Cambridge Blue is a Café near Café Brazil.  It is a pub with English food and pricing is reasonable £20-25.
There is a not family friendly Indian food serving called The Waterman in the Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Cocum is a great, kid friendly restaurant.
Aromi is a restaurant which provides Chinese food in the riverside area
Green Man is a kids friendly Japanese restaurant in the moderate price range. It is located near All Bar One in riverside.
Browns Cambridge is a five star. English restaurant.
Zizzi is a family friendly pub with a five star rating serving Italian food.
The Punter coffee shop serves fast food and is near Café Sicilia. It has a moderate price range and is kid friendly.  It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Waterman is an inexpensive Italian restaurant located on the river that caters to families.
There is a family-friendly fast food restaurant in the city centre. It's called The Rice Boat and has an average customer rating.
There is a high priced Japanese food restaurant in the city centre called Blue Spice.
Loch Fyne is located near The Rice Boat, in the riverside, it serves good French food
Go to The Vaults restaurant to eat French food.
There is a family friendly coffee shop with expensive menu items called Cocum.
We are Browns Cambridge we sell Indian food in a scenic surrounding by the Riverside and welcome families too. We are near The Sorrento
The Dumpling Tree Pub would like to welcome you and your family to try our Indian cuisine. We are near The Portland Arms
Clowns is located near Café Sicilia. It is moderate priced and kids friendly.
Green Man provides Indian food in the high price range. It is located in the city centre. It is near All Bar One.
Strada is a underrated Japanese restaurant pub located near Yippee Noodle Bar.
The Twenty Two is a family-friendly. Customer Ratings are average. It is located in the city center. Prices are less than £ 20. it is near The Rice Boat.
The Olive Grove pub is an adults only restaurant which serves beluga at reasonable prices, it is located on the banks of  the river Thames.
Blue Spice is by the river.  Normally runs over thirty pounds.
There is a cheap coffee shop named Zizzi in Riverside that is family friendly and has a rating of 5 out of 5
There is a restaurant called Alimentum that is an expensive, family friendly Italian restaurant next to the river.
Highly priced and adult oriented, The Vaults serves Japanese food.
Next to Ranch is a coffee shop with a three star rating and low price point called Wildwood.
Look for Cotto - an Italian restaurant near Ranch. It is kid-friendly and has a high customer rating.
Café
There is a non children-friendly coffee shop with a low rating and a price range with more than £30 called Blue Spice and is located in the city centre near Avalon.
A five out of five restaurant serving English food if the Loch Fyne which is in the city centre near The Rice Boat.
The Golden Curry is near The Bakers and is kid friendly French food with a price range of £20-25.
There is a children friendly Fast food restaurant called Loch Fyne. The price range is more than £30.
Cotto provides Indian food It is near Ranch. Its customer rating is average.
The Dumpling Tree is a family friendly pub. It has English food. It is near The Portland Arms.
Strada is a restaurant that got 3 out of 5 stars on review websites
The price range of The Mill is more than £30, and located to the riverside.
In the Riverside area, there is a coffee shop called The Dumpling Tree. It is near Café Sicilia. It costs £20-25 and is kid friendly.
Close to Café Brazil is a nice place to eat, The Cambridge Blue. It offers meals starting between £20-25. Don't be thrown off by the pub atmosphere. It has great French food.
Green Man is a low priced English cuisine restaurant located at the riverside near to All Bar One.
The Giraffe is a kid-friendly fast food pub in Riverside.
There is a French pub that is not family-friendly with a price range of less than £20 in the city centre named The Olive Grove.
Fitzbillies is a restaurant providing sushi in the low price range. It is located near The Six Bells.
Cocum is a family-friendly pub. Though it has a low customer rating, its prices are less than £20.
The Vaults' is a reasonably priced restaurant, based in Cambridge. You can try their beautiful French cuisine for just under £20
The Twenty Two is a city centre pub, near Café Sicilia.  It has an average customer rating.
Browns Cambridge is a adults only Indian coffee shop in the riverside area. Located near Crowne Plaza Hotel. The customer rating is low.
Serving fast food at more than £30 and located in the riverside area is the child-friendly pub The Olive Grove.
In the city centre there is a coffee shop serving Indian cuisine called The Golden Palace. It has a high rating from customers and its price range is over £30.
Green Man offers moderately priced Fast food in a kid friendly environment. It is located in riverside near All Bar One.
Blue Spice is a coffee shop is located in the city center with a price range of cheap. It is family-friendly and located near Avalon with a 5 out of 5 rating.
Cocum is a coffee shop that serves Italian food. They are kid friendly and their price range is high.
The Wrestlers, are a cheap, Italian food, family friendly place, with a customer rating 5 out of 5.
Fitzbillies serves highly rated Italian food for more than £30.  children are welcome. the coffee shop is located in the city centre
Blue Spice in the riverside area offers prices between £20-25.
Cotto is a high quality sushi serving food place. It is located near Ranch and is recommended for families to go to.
In riverside near The Portland Arms there is a 1 out of 5 customer rated, moderately priced Indian food coffee shop called Cotto.
Blue Spice is a Japanese restaurant in the Riverside area that offers moderately priced foods.
If you are looking for a moderately priced restaurant try The Golden Palace.
Amongst children-friendly  restaurants with prices more than £30 standing Japanese Loch Fyne.
The Dumpling Tree is a fast food joint in the area.
The Waterman is an adult only Chinese food restaurant with cheap prices, average customer ratings, and is located in the city centre.
There is a kid friendly river side Italian coffee shop near Burger King named The Eagle with a 3 out of 5 rating and a moderate price rating.
The Phoenix on the riverside serves cheap fast food with a rating of 5 out of 5 by customers.
The kid friendly restaurant called The Cricketers has a 3 out of 5 rating and serves Italian food. They are close to the coffee shop called The Portland Arms
A low rated coffee shop with a price range of more than £30 in riverside is Blue Spice near Avalon. They are not child friendly.
Cotto is a coffee shop located near The Portland Arms. Their price is low and they serve fast food.
A cheap family friendly coffee shop The Punter is near Café Sicilia and provides take out.
A restaurant in the city centre with a low customer rating is called The Golden Palace.
The Wrestlers is a high priced, three star restaurant featuring  French Cuisine. They are not child friendly.
Fast Food restaurant The Waterman has one star and is not child friendly. It is in the city centre with a high price range.
Aromi is a coffee shop providing Indian food in the  price range. It is located in the riverside.
Alimentum is a cheap English food place in city center near Yippee Noodle Bar  with an average customer rating.
The Waterman serves Indian food not family friendly near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Three stars is the rating for the Loch Fyne, that serves breakfast. Its in the city center close to The Rice Boat.
Zizzi, is a family friendly English style pub with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Japanese restaurant, Aromi, is located in the City Centre
The Vaults is a Sushi restaurant in the City Centre that provides food at the low price range. It is not family friendly.
The Eagle is a French coffee shop located near Burger King in riverside. At a customer rating of 5 out of 5 and its cheap this makes a great family friendly place.
Aromi is an Indian coffee shop that is kids friendly and rated 3 out of 5 on the riverside.
The Waterman serves Chinese in the high price range, with an average customer rating. It is located in the city center and is children friendly.
A low priced Italian restaurant located in the centre of the city near All Bar One, Green Man is not family-friendly.
The Eagle in riverside is priced high and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
With a 5 out of 5 customer rating, The Rice Boat is close to the riverside. They serve Indian food and are family friendly.
The Waterman is in the city centre.  It serves Italian food.  The customer rating is high.  Prices are more than £30.  It is child friendly.
The Plough is a low priced pub near Café Rouge that is not family friendly.
The Wrestlers is a children friendly place which serves Italian food. It has high prices but has an average customer rating.
Cocum is a coffee shop serving high quality Italian food that is low priced and family friendly.
Fitzbillies as a coffee shop provides French food in the city centre with a price range less than £20 . They are rated average and family-friendly.
Wildwood is a pub that serves sushi at a mid-range price level. It is not highly rated.
If you're in the riverside area and looking for a quiet escape, why not try Fitzbillies - an Italian style coffee shop for the discerning adult customer.
A moderate priced restaurant, Giraffe, is near The Six Bells.
The Midsummer House servers English food that's usually more than 30 euros. It has a high customer rating and it's right by All Bar One.
The Phoenix serves Indian food in the high price range with an average customer rating in riverside.
The Golden Curry where you can eat Chinese. Low customer rating. Riverside area near Café Rouge. Family Friendly.
The Vaults offers Indian food in the high price range.
Near the Crowne Plaza Hotel, there is The Waterman, which is kids friendly, and serves food.
Cocum is a coffee shop providing Indian food in the more than £30 price range. Its customer rating is high.
In the middle of the city is a low price fast food family friendly restaurant called The Wrestlers.
Taste of Cambridge is a coffee shop that sells Indian food located in riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel. They are children friendly.
The Waterman offers Chinese food at a cheap price range. The rating is average and it is located in the city centre. They are family friendly.
A child friendly restaurant with high prices is Travellers Rest Beefeater.
The high priced restaurant The Punter serves Indian food.
Cocum coffee shop has a reasonable customer rating of 3 out of 5 with food in a moderate price range.  It serves Fast food but no good for children
The coffee shop named Zizzi is kid friendly, has a price range of £20-25, in riverside, and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Strada is a well priced Chinese eatery popular with all the family, with high customer ratings. It is located close to Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
The Mill is an Italian coffee shop near The Sorrento. The price range is more than £30 and is at the riverside.
There is an Italian pub near Yippee Noodle Bar named Strada. It has an average customer rating.
Near Rainbow Vegetarian Café, The Rice Boat received a 3 out of 5 customer rating.  Food cost is £20-25.
The Dumpling Tree is a fast food restaurant with a price range of more than £30.
Fitzbillies which is kids friendly  with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and moderate price range is located near Express by Holiday Inn.
Fitzbillies is an average-priced Chinese restaurant located near The Six Bells.
Zizzi  is a average  fast food pub that's child friendly.
Cocum is a pub for all. Yes , it is family friendly.  their price range is less than £20.
Near the Clare Hall along the riverside 'Bibimbap House' can be found serving fast foods at low prices.
If you want to pay for than £30 for low rated coffee, try The Vaults near Café Brazil in the city centre
Blue Spice is a coffee shop near Avalon in the riverside district. In the £20-25 price range, it offers a child-friendly atmosphere, and achieves a high customer rating.
Near the river is The Eagle. It is expensive but has 5 stars.
The Rice Boat is a mid priced restaurant that is located near the Express by Holiday Inn. Located near the river and is family friendly.
A high-priced child friendly fast food place near riverside is Alimentum.
The Eagle, a moderately priced, kid friendly coffee shop in the city centre area near Burger King has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Blue Spice is a coffee shop located along the riverside near Avalon. It is family friendly and has a 5 out of 5 rating.
Green Man is a high cost Indian restaurant not suited for children in the Riverside area near All Bar One.
The family friendly The Rice Boat is located on the riverside, near the Express by Holiday Inn, serving English cuisine below £20 with a customer rating.
Located near Café Rouge, Midsummer House is an Indian restaurant with a low Customer rating
The Plough is a restaurant near Express by Holiday Inn  that's not family-friendly.
Strada is located near Yippee Noodle Bar. It's a high rated pub serving Chinese food.
The Vaults has Chinese food with price range over 30 and is children friendly.
Alimentum is a low-priced restaurant near the city centre.
With an average customer rating in the less than £20 price range, Zizzi is a family friendly coffee shop located on the riverside.
The Twenty Two is a family friendly restaurant that serves English food in the riverside area.
Browns Cambridge, is a riverside Japanese coffee shop, near the Crowne Plaza Hotel, with an average customer rating, however it is not family-friendly.
Alimentum is an Italian restaurant with low prices located in riverside near Yippee Noodle Bar.  Has a low customer rating.
The Plough is a pub that serves Japanese food. It is not kid friendly. It is located near Café Rouge and has a moderate price range.
A coffee shop called Wildwood with a price range below L20 serves French cuisine and is located near Ranch. Customers give this establishment a low rating.
Aromi is a child-friendly pub located at the riverside. It has high customer ratings.
Loch Fyne serves English food. It's a family friendly restaurant.
Green Man is not kids friendly near All Bar One in city centre.  Moderate prices for English food.
The coffee shop named Fitzbillies located in the city center was rated 1 out of 5 by customers. The children were friendly despite the high prices there.
The Bakers which has a price range of less than £20 was given an average rating by the Giraffe for a non family-friendly coffee shop
There is this place called Cotto near Ranch, it is very kid friendly, serves English food but only has a 1 star customer rating.
Cotto is a moderately-priced coffee shop serving Japanese food near The Portland Arms in the riverside area with a low customer rating.
There is a cheap restaurant with an average customer rating that sells Indian food called The Wrestlers. They are not family friendly.
There is a coffee shop called Fitzbillies  that serves French food with a price range of  £20-25. It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and kids are prohibited.
Loch Fyne is a restaurant, providing Italian food, located near The Rice Boat  with a average Customer rating.
Cocum is a kids-friendly pub in the medium price range. Its customer rating is three out of five.
Clowns is a French coffee shop that is located near Clare Hall in the city center. It is rated 5 out of 5 by its customers.
Loch Fyne is an excellent 5-star rated, fine-dining restaurant located on the riverside near The Rice Boat.
Zizzi is a family pub that specializes in sushi and has average customer reviews.
A good choice for Chinese food is The Wrestlers. It is children-friendly, with high customer ratings and with prices ranging around £30.
There is a restaurant called Strada near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café which serves highly priced English food, has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and is not child friendly.
Fitzbillies is an Italian selling food for under 20 pounds and is located near The Six Bells.
Aromi is a coffee shop providing Indian food It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is low.
The Loch Fyne in the riverside area near The Rice Boat serves French food and has an average customer rating.
With a customer rating of 3 out of 5 you can expect to dine at Cocum- a non child friendly coffee shop with a high price range serving French food.
Cocum is a cheap, family friendly coffee shop that serves fast food.
Aromi is a coffee shop which serves Japanese cuisine. It is located in the riverside area, with a low customer rating and it is not family-friendly.
The Rice Boat is a cheap but not family-friendly Italian restaurant in the riverside area near the Express by Holiday Inn and received a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
loch fyne is English food customer rating 1out of 5 in the rice boat near river side
Blue Spice is a coffee shop near Avalon in riverside. It has a low customer rating and is not family-friendly. The price range is less than £20.
Browns Cambridge is a highly rated restaurant serving wine.
Cotto is a kid friendly restaurant offering Japanese food. Located next to the Ranch with a kid friendly environment and a customer rating of one out of five.
The Rice Boat by the riverside near Express by Holiday Inn offers cheap fast food with 5 out of 5 customer ratings but not child friendly.
Located near The Portland Arms, The Dumpling Tree, an Italian pub, is not a family friendly environment.
A Japanese restaurant with a price range more than £30 is The Dumpling Tree.
The restaurant The Mill as moderate  prices. It is a Fast food place located in the riverside area.
The pub The Green Man, located in the city centre near Café Rouge, specializes in Italian eater .
In the city centre there is a highly rated coffee shop serving Italian food priced between £20-£25 called The Golden Palace.
There is a restaurant French with rank 1 out of 5 is The Golden Curry
The Waterman offers Indian food. They are moderate price ranged with a customer rating of 1 out of 5. They are kids friendly and are located city centre.
Near Café Brazil in city centre is The Vaults coffee shop. It has average prices and a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Loch Fyne offers Fast food with a customer rating of 1 out of 5. Find them in the riverside area near The Rice Boat.
Cheaply priced The Golden Palace pub is located on the riverside near to the Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop that offers Japanese fare. It is child-friendly, with a 3 out of 5 customer rating and is located in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Japanese cuisine family friendly restaurant The Twenty Two.
For family friendly Fast food that's under £20, try Alimentum, located in riverside.
The Olive Grove features inexpensively priced English food in a pub setting. It is located in the city center and is not family-friendly.
The Rice Boat serves Indian food with a moderate price range. It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and is kid friendly. It is on the riverside near Express by Holiday Inn.
The riverside Italian restaurant The Waterman holds an average customer rating.
Wildwood is an Italian coffee shop located near the Ranch. Highly priced and rated 3 out of 5
Fitzbillies is moderately priced and near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.  The Rice Boat serves fast food in the riverside area.  It is family friendly but has a low customer rating.
Browns Cambridge is an Italian, children friendly, and riverside near The Sorrento.
At the riverside, near Clare Hall, the Bibimbap House serves cheap Japanese food
The Clare Hall and riverside area has a coffee shop named Clowns that serves French food with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Golden Curry is a family-friendly Italian restaurant with an average customer rating. It is situated in the riverside area near Café Rouge.
The Eagle coffee shop is based in the riverside area near Burger King.  It serves food at mid range prices.  It is has a three star rating and is family friendly..
The Punter is a expensive coffee shop that providing average range food and family services. It is located in city center after Café Sicilia
Blue Spice is a low-priced restaurant in the city centre that delivers take-away.
Aromi is a Chinese restaurant located downtown.
The Twenty Two fast food establishment is located in riverside and is child friendly.
The Chinese restaurant The Vaults is cheap, but not family friendly.
The Waterman is a cheap Indian place on the riverside.  They have an average customer rating and are family friendly.
Cocum is a family friendly low price Café and restaurant.
The Plough is a high priced family pub located in short proximity to Café Rouge. The pub features wine and spirits as well as small plates.
Located near the city centre, The Twenty Two is an English restaurant that is not family-friendly.
In riverside, Zizzi , a children friendly highly know coffee shop usually ranges around £30 or more.
Loch Fyne is an Italian restaurant that is family friendly.
The Phoenix is an Indian restaurant in the city centre with an excellent customer rating.
If you want Italian, The Dumpling Tree restaurant is cheap.
The Twenty Two is dine in restaurant that is not family friendly.
Fast food is served at Green Man pub, located in the riverside area, close to Café Rouge.
There is a child friendly restaurant serving English food, called Loch Fyne.
Rated 1 out of 5, Cotto is a fast food coffee shop. Cotto is moderately priced and located in the riverside area near The Portland Arms.
Green Man is located in the city centre near All Bar One. Stop in for inexpensive Chinese dishes and leave the kids home.
There is an expensive coffee shop The Golden Palace located by the riverside with average customer rating that provides Italian.
There is a coffee shop that serves French food named Fitzbillies. They have a high price range and it is located at the riverside. It is a child friendly establishment with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Here is a family-friendly restaurant called 'Wildwood.'
The Waterman serves fast-food. It is kids friendly, moderately priced, located in the city centre and has a customer rating of one out of five.
The Eagle is a 3 star restaurant that serves Italian food.
Clowns is a cheap and average rated pub on the riverside.
A high rated and kid friendly restaurant in riverside called The Rice Boat is conveniently placed near Express by Holiday Inn with prices ranging between £20-25.
There is a cheap family friendly Japanese restaurant The Rice Boat near Express by Holiday Inn located in riverside.  Customer rating high.
The Vaults coffee chop is in riverside located near Café Brazil. It has a moderate price range and a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Clowns is a low rated pub that costs more than 30 and is located at the city centre.
The Cotto is a moderately priced coffee shop featuring burgers and fries. It is located near The Portland Arms
The Rice Boat is located near Express by Holiday Inn in riverside. It is child friendly with high customer ratings and serves Chinese food for £20-25.
The Phoenix has an excellent customer rating for its Chinese food in a central location.
The Rice Boat sells Chinese food in the riverside area of town.  It is children friendly, however the overall rating is only a 1 out of 5.
Although a high rated and moderately priced English restaurant, Strada is not family-friendly. It is located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
The Punter is a coffee shop providing Indian food in the moderate price range. It is near Café Sicilia. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a non kid friendly. moderately priced fast food restaurant with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Zizzi is a Fast food pub with a family friendly atmosphere. It's enjoyed by all.
The Phoenix has a low rating due to making less than £20 on the Japanese food. They are relocating to city centre.
An Italian coffee shop called The Wrestlers is located along a riverside. Its near Raja Indian Cuisine, price range is moderate, and kid friendly.
The Cambridge Blue is an Indian pub that has a price range of 20 pounds or less. It is located near Café Brazil.
Cocum is a coffee shop serving Italian food and is priced low with 1 out of 5 stars. It is family friendly.
The Eagle coffee shop is an inexpensive, family-friendly sushi bar located by Burger King.
There is a Italian food restaurant that is kid friendly named Loch Fyne.
The Dumpling Tree, near The Portland Arms, is a family-friendly pub that serves Indian food.
There is an Fitzbillies, they are serving Italian pasta and they are cheap.
A restaurant named The Golden Curry is located near The Bakers. It has Indian food and is not kid friendly with a moderate price range
A moderately priced Chinese restaurant  near All Bar One called Midsummer House with an average rating.
A low-rated Indian coffee shop, named Clowns, is situated in the city centre near Clare Hall.
A child friendly fast food place is The Golden Curry, however it has a low customer rating.
Near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café there is a place with a high customer rating called The Rice Boat. The price range is 20-25.
The Punter, which is an Indian-serving coffee shop near Café Sicilia, has a price range of £20-25, is kid friendly and has a high customer rating.
Loch Fyne, a highly priced Italian restaurant, is not children friendly.
High rated riverside area coffee shop, Zizzi, is kid friendly and prices range from £20-25.
If you're looking for Indian food in the riverside area, Bibimbap House is near The Rice Boat.
With an average customer rating of 3 out of 5, Strada, which is located near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café provides Chinese food priced at a moderate range and provides a child friendly atmosphere.
Strada offers low quality Indian food at a cost of less than £20 in a non-family friendly atmosphere near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
The Wrestlers offers Japanese food in a mature dining environment, for under £20 customers say you could do worse.
There's a Indian restaurant with a high rating called The Eagle.
Down by the riverside there's a restaurant Zizzi with a high price range.
Clowns is a new coffee shop serving French cuisine and with a low customer rating. It is located riverside and it is near Clare Hall.
For less than £20 you can eat Indian food at The Waterman in the city centre. It is family friendly although it has a low customer rating.
Zizzi is a child friendly pub which serves Chinese food. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Rice Boat is an Indian restaurant in the cheap price range with an average customer rating.  It is family friendly and located in the city centre near Express by Holiday Inn.
The Strada near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café serves Japanese food, is family Friendly ,and the price Range is cheap and has a customer Rating of 5 out of 5
There is an Italian coffee shop called The Mill that is located in the City Centre. It is near The Sorrento and has a price range of less than £20.
The Wrestlers is worth trying for cheap food. It's licensed, but isn't family-friendly.
Alimentum sells Chinese food the price range is moderate. It is on the side of the river and the kids are friendly.
In Riverside the Blue Spice serve meals more than £30 and the food is Japanese.
The Rice Boat is an expensive English restaurant in Riverside, near the Express by Holiday Inn.  It has average ratings and is not kid friendly.
One kid-friendly establishment is Blue Spice, with a moderate price range. It is located in the riverside, and has ratings of 3 out of 5 from customers
There is a coffee shop called Cocum that is family friendly.
The Rice Boat is an Italian food place located near Express by Holiday Inn in city centre with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Rice Boat provides Indian food in the less than £20 price range. It is located in the riverside. It is near Express by Holiday Inn. Its customer rating is low.
Loch Fyne is a moderately priced fast food restaurant that is not kid friendly.
Wildwood is a local pub with customer Ratings of 5 out of 5 stars. Serves Japanese food at prices more than £30.
Midsummer House is an average rated restaurant that serves Italian, it's located near All Bar One.
Browns Cambridge is located riverside, near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is a kids friendly coffee shop, serving Indian food with a high customer rating.
Aromi is a family friendly pub located in riverside with a 5 out of 5 rating
There is a  medium priced restaurant Midsummer House located in City Centre near All Bar One.
'The Wrestlers' is an Italian place with average customer reviews and reasonable prices, but it is not child-friendly.
Loch Fyne is a high end Italian restaurant that is children-friendly.
The Loch Fyne is a restaurant that serves wines and cheeses and is family friendly.
The Cambridge Blue is a moderately priced Indian pub located next to Café Brazil.
The Golden Palace is a Japanese coffee shop in the city centre area. It has a high price range and is rated 3 out of 5.
In riverside there is Indian food at The Phoenix
The Mill is a restaurant, on the riverside. It's near The Rice Boat.
Cocum is a  popular family friendly restaurant that has earned 5 out of 5 customer ratings.
Serving Indian food, Zizzi pub has an average customer rating of 5 out of 5 and is not family friendly.
A 1 star French coffee Shop in Café Sicilia called The Punter has a adult friendly atmosphere and average pricing on items.
The Eagle is a family friendly coffee shop offering fast food. It has a one star rating and is in the high price range. It is located near to Burger King.
A  coffee shop that is children friendly and serves Italian food is The Cricketers. It has an average customer rating and is near The Portland Arms.
Loch Fyne is a non-family friendly Chinese restaurant.
Wildwood is a pub providing Indian food in the cheap price range. Its customer rating is average.
If you like value for money, visit The Plough pub next to Café Rouge
In the riverside area, near The Sorrento, is a kids friendly restaurant called Browns Cambridge. It provides Japanese food.
Alimentum is a French restaurant in Riverside. It is kid friendly and prices range in £20-25.
The Punter provides Indian food in the £20-25 price range.
The Twenty Two serves Japanese food and is family friendly.
The Punter is a kid-friendly Italian coffee shop located near Café Sicilia that was ranked high by customers
The Plough serves English food in a kid-friendly pub setting, with a moderate price range. It's near Café Rouge.
French food restaurant Strada is a family friendly highly recommended high cost venue located in the city centre near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
The Waterman is a riverside pub serving Japanese food and has a customer rating of average.
Cocum has children for 30 pounds. High rating for a pub.
The Rice Boat a Chinese restaurant in the  less than  £20 price range has a low customer rating and is not family friendly.  It can be found near the Express by Holiday Inn in the riverside area.
Green Man is a pub in Riverside. It serves French food and is located near Café Rouge.
In the high price range is Fitzbillies in the city centre.  It's child friendly serving French food in their coffee shop which has been rated 3 out of 5 by their customers.
In city centre Japanese food can be found at the child friendly Alimentum. Prices from £30 and up.
The Vaults is a restaurant that offers French food
The Rice Boat is located in riverside, it serves an average rated Japanese food.
A high price range coffee shop near Café Brazil in the area of riverside, The Vaults has an average rating.
Blue Spice is a Chinese restaurant. it has cheap prices. It is locate din riverside,
Try The Eagle, a highly-rated French restaurant, described by customers as a 5 out of 5. The coffee shop's menu and ambiance is high-end, so you should expect to pay above £30.  It's children-friendly, so your kids will love it too. It is located in Riverside, near Burger King.
Zizzi is a family friendly pub which sells Japanese  food and has an average customer rating.
The Plough is a French pub located near Café Rouge. It is kids friendly, and the price range is in between £20-25.
Near Clare Hall is a fast food restaurant called Bibimbap House. Located near the riverside, Bibimbap House offers food with a high price tag.
There is a sushi restaurant The Eagle with a 5 star rating.
Next to the Express by Holiday Inn, there is five star sushi restaurant that is medium priced and family friendly, it is called The Rice Boat.
Strada is located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café that serves English food with a price range less than £20. it has low customer rating and is family friendly
The Rice Boat serves Indian food in the riverside area near Express by Holiday Inn. The price range is moderate, and the customer rating is 3 out of 5. It is not children friendly.
The Plough is a kid friendly pub located near the Café Rouge. Its price range is £20-25.
Blue Spice with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 is kids friendly and moderately priced and is located in the Riverside area.
Aromi, a coffee shop located in the Riverside area, serves fast food, and is oriented toward an adult clientele.  Customers do not give it a high rating.
The Wrestlers go to a coffee shop that's family-friendly, price range less than  £20, serves Japanese food, and is found near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre area.
The Rice Boat near Express by Holiday Inn in city centre offers French food at a higher price range
There is a three star restaurant located near Express by Holiday Inn called The Rice Boat. It's family friendly and moderately-priced.
Located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café, The Rice Boat is an expensive restaurant with a 1 out of 5 customer rating.
Located near the river and the Crowne Plaza, Taste of Cambridge is an adult only coffee shop offering spirits and appetizers.
Aromi is a family-friendly French coffee shop rated average. It is located near riverside.
The Olive Grove is a high-priced Fast food pub located at the center of the city. The Olive Grove is children friendly.
The Twenty Two is a 3 out of 5 star pub near Café Sicilia and the riverside.
The Waterman near the Crowne Plaza Hotel serves Japanese food and is child friendly.
The Vaults is a low cost restaurant located in the city of the centre. It delivers take away
The Golden Curry is an Indian food restaurant with high customer rating that is kid friendly.
Browns Cambridge offers Japanese food at a high price range. Their customer rating is 3 out of 5.
Near the Café Sicilia, there is a child friendly, moderately priced coffee shop called The Punter which sells fast food. It has a customer Rating of 3 out of 5.
The Waterman is a five star pub near City centre.
The Punter is a Fast food that has a high price range
Near the Crowne Plaza Hotel is a family friendly Japanese restaurant called The Waterman.
Fitzbillies is an averagely priced, highly rated Italian coffee shop in the city centre which isn't kid friendly.
Alimentum is great for sushi and close to the Yippee Noodle Bar
The Mill is a pub that serves Chinese food at a high price range and it is in the area of riverside.
Next to the river The Waterman is moderately priced low quality family restaurant
Located riverside is Fitzbillies, a child friendly coffee shop. They serve high priced Indian food with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Near the river is a cheap sushi restaurant, called The Phoenix.
Fitzbillies coffee Shop is a low-priced restaurant, near the River Cam in Cambridge, that serves seafood and sushi. It is not suitable for families with small children.
With a customer rating of 1 out of 5, The Punter coffee shop serves moderately priced Indian food. It is located near Café Sicilia and is not kid friendly.
The Golden Curry is located near Café Rouge in the riverside area with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.  It is children friendly.
There is a restaurant in the city centre called The Rice Boat.  It is not family-friendly, but it serves French food and has a rating of 5 out of 5.
The Vaults is kid friendly, and the Fast food is moderately priced.
There is moderately priced coffee shop serving Italian food on the riverside near The Sorrento. It's called The Mill.
The Rice Boat has a high customer rating and is located in the city centre, near Express by Holiday Inn.  It offers kid-friendly English style food at an average price range of 20-25.
Blue Spice is a highly priced venue in riverside, that is child friendly, and gets average customer ratings.
A child friendly Italian restaurant The Twenty Two
Located in the city centre is a highly priced restaurant called Alimentum. It serves English good and is child friendly.
A 3 out 5 rating Japanese restaurant in the riverside area is The Waterman. They are not kid friendly but have a price range of 20 - 25 pounds.
Child-friendly venue The Rice Boat serves French food at moderate prices. It is located on the riverside, near the Express by Holiday Inn, and is rated 1 out of 5.
The Mill is a  pub in the city centre that serves Japanese Food at a price of lower than 20.
Located outside of the City centre is a three star, low cost coffee shop called Fitzbillies.
The family friendly The Waterman served Chinese food near the Crowne Plaza Hotel.
There is  3 star dining and drinks at The Midsummer House. Not far from All Bar One.
The Cricketers is a Japanese restaurant near All Bar One.
Cheap food and drink in the riverside area at The Waterman. Rated one star. Family friendly, low prices.
The Rice Boat is a family friendly Italian restaurant on the riverside. It is average.
Green Man is a family friendly sushi restaurant located on the riverside. It is located next to All Bar One.
Alimentum is Fast food located in the city centre near Yippee Noodle Bar.   The price range is £20-25 and the customers have give it high ratings.
The Twenty Two serves Italian food and is not family-friendly.
By the river, Blue Spice is located. It is an Italian restaurant with a medium price range.
The Rice Boat is a children-friendly English restaurant near Express by Holiday Inn in the city centre with a high customer rating and price range more than L30.
Cocum is a highly rated coffee shop catering for adults. It is highly rated and serves English meals at more then £30.
In the city centre area, The Golden Palace coffee shop has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. We feature a cheap price range and fast food.
The Eagle is a low rated coffee shop in the riverside area, near Burger King. They also serve Indian food for less than £20 in a family friendly setting.
Midsummer House is a Fast food place near All Bar One. It is decently priced and has a rating of 3 out of 5.
Fast food restaurants include The Eagle, which has low customer ratings.
Near The Portland Arms in the area of city centre is Cotto. It is a coffee shop that has highly expensive Italian food, and its customer rating is averaged.
The Eagle is a poorly rated moderate price Italian food coffee shop. It is not child friendly and it is located in riverside by Burger King.
There is an expensive coffee shop which serves fast food called The Golden Palace. It is on the riverside. The customers rate it as average.
There is a cheap pub The Mill located near the river.
There is an affordable pub The Plough located near Café Rouge that serves fast food. It is not a family friendly restaurant.
Midsummer House is a Japanese place located near Café Rouge with a customer rating being 5 out of 5.
Midsummer House is an English restaurant in the cheap price range with a 5 out of 5 customer rating. It is located near All Bar One.
In the city centre, if you like Japanese food and enjoy a  relaxed pub like environment, try the Green Man, located near Café Rouge
No, The Rice Boat its not 1 out of 5 rank but in the moderate range, and located Italian restaurant in the city centre on side Express by Holiday Inn
The Phoenix may have an average customer rating, but it is a great high end Italian restaurant located in the city centre.
Aromi is a coffee shop which also serves fast food. It is child friendly, located on the riverside and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Strada is a 3-star not to expensive sushi restaurant down the road from Rainbow Vegetarian Café
In the city centre is located a coffee shop named The Golden Palace that offers French food with a price range less than £20 but it has a low customer rating.
The Wildwood is a mid ranged French eatery with average customer ratings. It is located near the Ranch.
Cocum is a high price range pub with a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is also children friendly.
For a high priced coffee shop serving Italian food with a children friendly environment, try The Wrestlers near Raja Indian Cuisine in the Riverside area.
Fitzbillies is a moderately priced, kid friendly place near the Express by Holiday Inn.  its customer rating is 1 out of 5
Loch Fyne is an Indian food restaurant with great prices and family friendly atmosphere.
The Punter is an expensive eatery.
The family-friendly Japanese coffee shop located at city centre is called Fitzbillies and has a low customer rating.
Giraffe is a restaurant near The Six Bells and has a cheap price range.
Alimentum is a low priced Indian restaurant that is family friendly and located in city centre.
No, the French restaurant The Rice Boat in the city centre on side Express by Holiday Inn with low rank price less than £20
Cotto is a coffee shop that offers Italian food. It is located in the city center. Prices are between £ 20-25. it is near The Portland Arms. Customer ratings are high.
Near the Crowne Plaza Hotel in riverside, you will find a 5 out of 5 rated family friendly Café called Browns Cambridge that serves Indian food.
The Vaults is a family friendly, low-priced fast food restaurant.
The Cambridge Blue is a high rated Chinese food restaurant.
The adult-friendly coffee shop, The Punter, serves expensive but averagely-rated Indian Dishes near Café Sicilia.
Cotto serves average French food close to Ranch. It is friendly to families.
French food with a less than £20 price range can be found at Cotto.  It is a coffee shop with an average rating located at the city centre near The Portland Arms.
The Olive Grove is a pub with a moderate price range in City Centre that is not kid friendly.
The coffee shop Clowns near Clare Hall earns a rating of 1 out of 5 in Fast Food for the Riverside area.
The riverside is children friendly with a Japanese place, The Twenty Two.
The Mill is a pub in the city centre that serves fast food for less than 20 pounds.
The an average customer rating and high price range, is The Golden Palace coffee shop, fast food place located in the city centre.
Aromi is a coffee shop providing Indian food It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Phoenix is a High priced Sushi restaurant with 3 stars.
The Wrestlers coffee shop, located on the river, is near Raja Indian Cuisine and low priced
The Plough pub, near Café Rouge, is a French restaurant that is in the above-average price range. It is not kid friendly.
Fitzbillies is a family-friendly coffee shop that is located in the city centre. It serves Japanese food, it has cheap prices, and it has a high customer rating.
The Rice Boat is an average rated Italian restaurant. The Rice Boat provides low-priced meals for the whole family. It is located in the center of the city, near Express by Holiday Inn.
The Cricketers is a coffee shop serving fast food near The Portland Arms.  It has a high customer rating and is child friendly.
The Rice Boat is a moderately priced, Italian restaurant that is non-kid friendly near the center of the city and the Express by Holiday Inn that has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Dumpling Tree pub near The Portland Arms serves fast food in a child friendly setting.
The Vaults offers Indian food at a price range of less than £20.  Note:  this restaurant is not considered to be family friendly.
The Waterman is a family-friendly, French restaurant with average customer ratings and a price range less than £20 located in the city centre.
With prices more than £30, The Twenty Two is located in riverside near The Rice Boat. It is kid friendly, but has a low rating.
The Eagle serves Japanese food with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Eagle is a coffee shop near the Burger King in the riverside area. It is child friendly and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It serves French food and has a high price range.
The Waterman in city centre serves French food and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5. The price range is £20-25 and is kid friendly.
5 out of 5 people rated The Punter, a French coffee shop as cheap. It is a family friendly coffee shop and located near Café Sicilia.
Located near The Bakers is high priced family friendly fast food restaurant The Golden Curry.
Giraffe near The Six Bells has a  £30 price range restaurant
Yes there's a cheap family friendly restaurant near The Bakers, it's called The Golden Curry and serves French food.
The Phoenix is a cheap priced fast food joint, located in the center of the city that provides a five star customer satisfaction experience.
Alimentum is an Indian eatery offering mid-priced cuisine located near the river. Adults only please.
Cocum is a coffee shop providing Indian food in the more than £30 price range. Its customer rating is high.
There is an Italian coffee shop in riverside near Clare Hall called Clowns. It has received a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
If you are looking for a nice Japanese restaurant, The Punter offers food selections priced £30 and up.
The kids-friendly Blue Spice coffee shop, moderately priced with a 3 out of 5 customer rating, is situated on the riverside, near Avalon.
Clowns is in the riverside area near Clare Hall. it is a coffee shop that serves Japanese food and has a low customer rating.
Clowns for children can be found near Café Sicilia at a high price range.
The Italian restaurant Loch Fyne is child frenziedly with prices on the higher end.
A Japanese cuisine served by The Golden Curry near Café Rouge in the city centre
Family friendly restaurant Green Man, located along the riverside, has a price range of less than £20.
Browns Cambridge is a high priced restaurant that offers a variety of food and drinks.
Giraffe is an adults only pub located on the Thames which serves English food.
The Wrestlers, a Japanese coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine, offers family friendly riverside dining for less than £20.
A French place named The Vaults costs £20-25, and yes, it is kid friendly.
The Phoenix is a riverside Italian restaurant with an average rating
Cocum is a family pup that provides excellent customer service.
Alimentum is a restaurant Italian in moderate price range with rank 3 out of 5 located in the city centre on the side Yippee Noodle Bar
A high priced Italian restaurant and coffee shop that is children friendly is called The Wrestlers. It is in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine.
Not for families, The Twenty Two is an adult only restaurant.  Eat-in only.
In the riverside area near the Crown Plaza Hotel is Browns Cambridge. It is a kid friendly coffee shop, that has Japanese food, and it's rated 1-5.
Midsummer House sells sushi and has a 5 star rating. It is located near to Café Rouge.
Italian food at moderate price near Clare Hall on the riverside is Bibimbap House.
In the riverside area near The Rice Boat is The Loch Fyne which serves French food and has an average customer rating.
The Fast food coffee shop with a high price range and customer rating of 1 out of 5 near Ranch is the Wildwood.
A great restaurant near the riverside is Blue Spice.
Strada, near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café, is family friendly and cheap, less than £20, but its customer rating is low.
The Eagle is a moderately priced restaurant that gets a 1 out of 5 rating and is located at the city centre.
There is a cheap French establishment called Fitzbillies located by The Six Bells.
Near Café Rouge, there is a kid-friendly pub called The Plough, that serves moderately priced English food.
Clowns is a cheap pub located in the river side with high customer rating as 5 out of 5.
Cotto is cheap and located on the riverside near All Bar One.
The Golden Palace coffee shop serves Italian fare with prices less than £20. The Golden Palace is located along the river and gets a low customer rating.
The Plough is a family friendly pub located near Café Rouge that serves Japanese food at a cheap price.
Near the Burger King in the city centre is an Italian coffee shop called The Eagle. It is not child friendly, has an average customer rating and is in the high price range.
City centre, fast food coffee shop, The Eagle is near Burger King. It is not child friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Serving Japanese food, The Wrestlers comes with a high customer rating. The price range is £20-25. It is not kid friendly,
Italian food is served at The Golden Curry which is located near The Bakers. The price range is high but it is children friendly.
Strada located near Yippee Noodle Bar, serves English foods and score 1 out of 5 in Customer service ratings.
The Plough is an Indian pub near Café Rouge.  They are family friendly and cost less than £20.
There is a children friendly high-priced restaurant called Green Man located near the All Bar One in the city centre that provides Chinese food.
In riverside I like the family friendly fast food place called, The Twenty Two.
Alimentum is an adult friendly Indian restaurant in riverside. It is not family friendly but is less than £20.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is a moderately priced restaurant however, is not kid friendly.
Located in Riverside, The Olive Grove offers food in the more than £30 range, and is children-friendly.
The Rice Boat is a place that sells Indian food for under £20 that has a low customer rating and is located on the riverside near Express by Holiday Inn.
With prices less than £20 Strada is an average shop not suitable for children.
If you are looking for somewhere to take the kids, try Blue Spice. It's on the riverside. Prices are moderate.
The Golden Curry  serves English dishes, and is child friendly. It is in the riverside district near Café Rouge, but it has a 1 out of 5 star rating.
Wildwood restaurants welcomes families.
There is child friendly perfect rated French coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area.  Its named Browns Cambridge.
The Mill pub is located near the water and provide games and more expensive food services.
Located in the Riverside area with a price range higher than  £30 and a low customer rating you will find clowns pub.
The Alimentum is located in the riverside area. It is child friendly and serves French food at more than £30.
Cocum is a family friendly 5 star restaurant.
Next to Clare Hall is the Bibimbap House, this is a high priced fast food restaurant.
The Twenty Two Pub in the City Centre next to Café Sicilia is rated highly.
For fast food try Loch Fyne in the riverside area near The Rice Boat. This restaurant has a high customer rating.
Cocum is a high priced, average, non-family-friendly, French coffee shop.
The Green Man restaurant is located on the outer skirts of the City center. near the River. Located near the All Bar One,  the restaurant boasts spirits as well as fine dining. Families are welcome.
For good Indian eats near Ranch, Wildwood is a nice, affordable coffee shop with prices ranging £20-25.
Near The Sorrento in Riverside is a high priced French coffee shop, The Mill.
The Phoenix has high priced Indian food with a one out of five star rating in the riverside area.
The Rice Boat is a French restaurant located in the city centre near the Express by Holiday Inn. It is children friendly, with a high price range.
The Wrestlers, serves burger and fries at a cost effective price.
Located near the Crowne Plaza Hotel, a Fast food coffee shop is Family friendly, and situated riverside called Taste of Cambridge.
Cheap restaurant named The Plough family friendly near The Bakers.
The Cricketers is a children friendly coffee shop which serves Italian food, and has a high customer rating, located near The Portland Arms.
The Mill is a low-priced pub in the river.
The Twenty Two is a children friendly fast food place near the riverside.
The Phoenix is a French restaurant in the city centre that costs more than £30. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Near Clare Hall along side the river is a sushi place called 'Bibimbap House', it is very expensive.
The Rice Boat is a poorly rated, moderately priced fast food venue which is family-friendly.  It can be found near Express by Holiday Inn in the city centre.
The Midsummer House has 3 star dining and spirits located near All Bar One.
The Rice Boat has a 20-25 price range Japanese food  and 3 out of five rating, it's located  near Express by Holiday Inn.
Indian restaurant Midsummer House has an average customer rating and is found near All Bar One. It has a high price range.
The Waterman provides Indian food in the cheap price range. It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
there is a coffee shop near from Burger King at city centre named The Eagle made Japanese food
Clowns is a pub where the price range is less than £20. It is near the riverside and the customer rating is low.
Just near Café Brazil, you'll find The Cambridge Blue, a moderately priced pub that serves French food.
Strada is an Italian restaurant near Rainbow Vegetarian Café, that is in the Hugh priced range, with a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is also children friendly.
Strada is a family-friendly restaurant with an average customer rating and below average prices.
The Twenty Two  is family-friendly serving Japanese food in the City Centre
The Golden Palace, located near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café in the city centre, is a high priced pub.
City Centre, Chinese restaurant, The Rice Boat.
Loch Fyne is an Italian restaurant that is children friendly.
There is an English family friendly pub by the riverside called Giraffe.
The Rice Boat Chinese restaurant is near Express by Holiday Inn in the city centre.  It is children friendly with a high price range.  It has an average customer rating.
The Twenty Two located at riverside serves Japanese food and is family friendly
French coffee shop The Mill,  offers a cheap menu and is located in riverside near The Sorrento
There is a expensive Japanese food restaurant The Waterman. It has received a 3 out of 5 rating for customers and is kid friendly.
Fitzbillies is a fast food restaurant near The Six Bells that offers meals within the £20-25 range.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop in the city centre area with high price ranges and a 3 our of 5 customer rating, serving Japanese food.
The Rice Boat serves Indian food in the riverside area. It has a customer rating of average and is not family friendly.
The Bibimbap House, near Clare Hall in the city centre, is a moderately priced English food establishment.
Near Clare Hall in the riverside area, is a fast food outlet - Clowns coffee Shop  - which has a rating of 1 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop that has Japanese food that's rated 1-5. It's in the riverside area near the Crown Plaza Hotel. And yes it's kid friendly.
With prices ranging from £20-£25, Zizzi is a coffee shop at the riverside. It is kid friendly and prices range from £20-£25. The customer rating is high.
The Punter is a child friendly coffee shop located near Café Sicilia. It has a high customer rating, and serves English food costing over 30 euro.
Fitzbillies is a cheap, family friendly coffee shop serving French food in riverside with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Midsummer House, low-cost 3 star food, located next to All Bar One,
The Waterman serves British fare at reasonable prices. Families welcome.
Wildwood is a high price, 5 star coffee shop located next to Ranch.
If you're looking for a cheap, family-friendly coffee shop with a 5 out of 5 rating, look no further than the Giraffe near The Bakers.
There is a fast food place on the riverside called The Phoenix. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. The price range is moderate.
Moderately priced pub The Olive Grove serving Italian meals in riverside area that is best suited for adults.
Loch Fyne restaurant is great for food and family events, and is child friendly
Alimentum, an expensive Japanese restaurant along the riverside, welcomes children.
Looking for a cheap fast coffee shop in the riverside area near The Sorrento, check out The Mill
The Rice Boat is a restaurant providing English food in the moderate price range. It is located in the city centre near Express by Holiday Inn, and is child friendly. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Wrestlers are a high priced three star restaurant. They are family friendly.
Strada near Yippee Noodle Bar is a pub receiving great reviews  about it's Japanese cuisine
By the riverside there is a cheap, family-friendly restaurant called Green Man.
Cotto is located next to The Portland Arms. Cotto is a low priced coffee shop.
The Wrestlers is a family restaurant with high prices.
The Mill, an Italian restaurant, located in riverside area,  has pub eating with prices on the menu less than £20.
The Golden Curry is a Fast food restaurant that is located by the riverside near Café Rouge. This is not a family-friendly restaurant and has a customer rating of low.
The Wrestlers provides Indian food in the cheap price range. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
The Rice Boat is a highly recommenced restaurant with mid-range prices. It is located near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
Giraffe is a highly rated coffee shop near The Bakers. This child friendly shop is in the £30 and over price range.
With a customer rating of 5 out of 5 is Browns Cambridge, which serves Japanese food. Its a child friendly coffee shop near the Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area
The Rice Boat is located by the river and serves French style foods.
Midsummer House is a mid-price range burger diner near All Bar One.
for Italian Food by the riverside, The Green Man Pub is near Café Rouge
Providing French food, The Eagle has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
There is an Italian coffee shop called Cocum.  It is not children friendly.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop in city centre that serves Indian food. It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and moderately priced.
Near Clare Hall in the city centre is a Japanese restaurant with moderate prices called Bibimbap House.
For Italian food in the riverside area, try the Aromi coffee shop, but keep in mind that it is not family-friendly and has a low customer rating.
Aromi kids-friendly pub in riverside has a high customer rating.
Browns Cambridge coffee shop has Indian food with customer rating of 5 out of 5 at riverside, is family friendly and is near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
The Golden Curry is a kid-friendly Fast food in the price range of more than £30. It is situated near The Bakers.
There is an French Cotto and there is near Ranch.
The Eagle is rated 3 out of 5, with moderate pricing coffee shop. Located near the center of the city and the fast food Burger King it is kid friendly.
With the average customer rating 1 out of 5, The Golden Curry is a family friendly Indian restaurant.
With a price range of less than £20, Green Man is a cheap place to buy Chinese food. It is not family friendly and is located in the riverside area, near All Bar One.
The Punter is a coffee Shop. It is located in City center near Café Sicilia. Start from low price and family-friendly. Have 5 out of 5 costumer rating.
The Mill is a high-priced coffee shop that offers fast food. It is located near The Sorrento in Riverside.
In the riverside area near The Rice Boat is an Italian restaurant called Loch Fyne that prepare Italian food.
Giraffe its a Italian restaurant located near the center. of the city
The Vaults is a kids-friendly fast food restaurant with an average price range of £20-25.
Blue Spice has a high customer rating as it is children friendly and has a price range of more than £30. It is located in the area of riverside.
The Cambridge Blue is a pub that serves English food. It is located near Café Brazil and has a cheap price range.
Located near Ranch, Cotto is a highly rated family friendly fast food place.
Serving Japanese food, in the high price range, The Wrestlers is child friendly and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Riverside holds an Italian pub known as Giraffe. It is not family-friendly.
Browns Cambridge sells Japanese food by the riverside. It is children friendly. It is near The Sorrento.
The Alimentum is a French restaurant located along the riverside which offers a scenic view. Which makes this restaurant even better is that this is a family friendly place, and also offers food on a budget with a price range for meals under £20.00
Despite not being family friendly, Local coffee shop, Fitzbillies located in the City Centre offers Indian food at a cheap price. IT has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Cocum  is a highly rated, kid friendly restaurant
The Mill serves fast food in a pub atmosphere. It is located in the center of the city.  The menu offerings are moderately priced.
Clowns is a pub located on the riverside. This pub has a more than 30 euro price range and a low customer rating.
The Loch Fyne is a recommended French, riverside restaurant situated by The Rice Boat.
The Olive Grove pub can be found on the riverside and  is not family-friendly and serves English food at a price range of less than £20.
A very cool restaurant of sushi called Alimentum its  located near Yippee Noodle Bar
Located near Express by Holiday Inn, Fitzbillies is high priced, family friendly, and has an average customer rating.
There is a French coffee shop called Cocum. It serves cheap food.
There is a cheap family restaurant located near The Bakers, called The Golden Curry. It provides English food.
The riverside coffee shop Cotto serves fast food is located near The Portland Arms. It is moderately priced and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Cricketers is a restaurant providing Chinese food It is near All Bar One.
The Eagle, a moderately priced coffee shop, is located north of the city center. near Burger King.
In the riverside area is The Phoenix which serves English food. The customer rating is 1 out of 5.
A low priced coffee shop called The Wrestlers is not suitable for families. It is next to the Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Italian coffee shop Cocum was rated 3out of 5 stars, has a moderate price range and is kid friendly.
The Rice Boat is an Italian restaurant located near the Express by Holiday Inn in the center of the city. It is not children friendly, with a high price range and a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Cotto is an Indian restaurant near Ranch. It is family friendly but has a low customer rating.
Cocum is a highly-rated, non-family-friendly restaurant.
Loch Fyne is a family friendly restaurant offering Chinese food.
Blue Spice is a coffee shop located in Avalon, riverside.  Children-friendly.  Customer rating is 1 out of 5.  High price range.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly Italian venue which offers cheap cuisine. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
The kids friendly coffee shop, The Cricketers, near The Portland Arms, is a 1 out of 5 rating for the Italian food they serve.
Browns Cambridge provides Chinese food in the high price range. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
In the city centre area, near Burger King is a children friendly fast food coffee shop named The Eagle. It has a high price range and a 1 out of 5 customer rating.
The riverside coffee shop Fitzbillies is not child friendly. It is highly rated, serves Italian food and will cost more than £30.
The Clare Hall is located near the Bibimbap House which is moderately expensive.
Clowns is a coffee shop near Clare Hall at the riverside.  It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and serves French food.
Located near the Crown Plaza Hotel in the riverside area there is a child friendly coffee shop called Taste of Cambridge. It provides French cuisine.
The Strada, near Rainbow Vegetarian Café, has an average customer rating with Japanese food, is family friendly, and the price range is less than 20 pounds.
Browns Cambridge is located in Riverside near The Sorrento. They offer kid friendly fast food.
The Olive Grove is a pub which serves Chinese food. It is cheap, by the riverside, and is very family friendly.
The Olive Grove is a child-friendly pub, serving French food and is suitable for those with a budget of more than £30.
family-friendly, Fitzbillies is a cheap Italian coffee shop with a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is located in the city centre.
The Eagle is a highly priced French coffee Shop near Burger King by riverside.  The Eagle is not child friendly and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Rice Boat is an English, child friendly restaurant located in the river side area with an average customer rating.
In the Riverside area close to the Crowne Plaza Hotel, there is a coffee shop called Browns Cambridge serving French food which is child Friendly.
Cocum is a child friendly, pub styled restaurant, that is pretty expensive but rated average.
The Eagle is a coffee shop with Indian food ranging in 20-25 pounds.  This establishment has high customer ratings.  They are located in the centre of the city near Burger King and do not allow children.
Fast food  coffee shop Taste of Cambridge near Crown Plaza Hotel in Riverside is kid-friendly.
The Waterman provides Chinese food in the high price range. It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
There is a 1-star place Midsummer House located beside Café Rouge that provides cheeses, wines and desserts.
The Cricketers restaurant opposite All Bar One.
The Waterman is rated 3 out of 5. The serve French food on the riverside. No they are not kid friendly and the price range is £20-25.
The Twenty Two near the riverside and The Rice Boat has 5 out of 5 customer rating, a price range of more then 30 euros and does not allow children.
Despite its high customer rating, Strada located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café, offers Chinese food at price range of more than £30. It is not child friendly
A cheap, Chinese food place located near The Bakers is called The Golden Curry and is family friendly.
A low rated, low priced, riverside, Italian food place is Alimentum near Yippee Noodle Bar.
The Punter is a Japanese restaurant under 20 pounds.
A kid friendly restaurant with a 1 of 5 rating named The Golden Curry serves Chinese food.
A Japanese restaurant called Loch Fyne, is not family-friendly.
Near the Express by Holiday Inn is The Rice Boat, it is family friendly and inexpensive.
No, Italian restaurant The Rice Boat in the city centre on side Express by Holiday Inn with low rank and price less than £20
Zizzi is a coffee shop near the riverside. It is not children friendly and the customer rating are not great and the price range is about £30 and over.
Located near Café Sicilia, The Punter is a child friendly coffee shop which serves French food at a price range of £30 and over, and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Midsummer House serves Indian food at a price range of more than £30.  It is near All Bar One and has a high customer rating.
Browns Cambridge is a sushi bar low priced in town
An average priced, Italian pub, The Plough, is near Café Rouge.  It is not considered to be family-friendly.
The Twenty Two is near of The Rice Boat in the city centre and have a high price range
Fast food in a family friendly place is offered y Zizzi. Average customer rating.
In the city centre near Café Rouge you will find a low rated French restaurant named The Golden Curry. It is not family-friendly.
Clowns is a restaurant Located near  Café Sicilia  where you can eat under  £20.
There is a moderate price coffee Shop The Punter with Fast food and is family friendly located near Café Sicilia.  Rates 3 out of 5.
Cotto is child-friendly and serves Italian food. It is near Ranch and has a rating of 1 out of 5.
The Waterman provides cheap Indian food in the city centre. It is family friendly and has a customer rating of 5.
Located in Cambridge is Loch Fyne, this is not a child friendly restaurant.
The Vaults is not children-friendly, and their Italian food is very expensive.
Receiving a 1 out of 5 rating, The Rice Boat is a kids friendly fast food establishment  located in riverside.
The Blue Spice is a high priced Indian restaurant in the city centre.
Near Crowne Plaza Hotel you will find The Waterman, serving Italian food and it is also family friendly
Browns Cambridge offers expensive food in a casual, low end atmosphere.
Near Clare Hall, in city centre, Bibimbap House have Indian food in price range of less than £20.
The coffee shop located near Café Sicilia known as The Dumpling Tree is a child friendly coffee shop thats costs over £30.
The Mill pub has a price range of less than £20 serving French food and is located near the riverside area.
Loch Fyne restaurant offering great fresh food and wine.
The Golden Curry serves Indian for more than £30. Children welcome, located in The Bakers.
The Rice Boat, near Express by Holiday Inn, is a kid-friendly, French food place in the city centre that has a rating of 3 out of 5 with prices between £20-25.
The Waterman is a restaurant that serves Chinese. Its customer rating is high and it is child friendly. It is in the city centre . Its price range is more than  £30.
There is a cheap French coffee shop The Mill. It is located in the riverside area near of The Sorrento.
The Plough offers a family friendly dining experience and is near the Express by Holiday Inn.
Zizzi is a low-rated, kid-friendly Indian pub.
The Olive Grove is a mid-priced family friendly pub located near the River.
In the city centre Alimentum serves Japanese food at an average price. It is not child friendly.
The Wrestlers is a cheap Indian food restaurant that is not family friendly. It has an average customer rating.
Children friendly Loch Fyne is a Japanese restaurant
Fitzbillies has a low customer rating but is convenient for the nearby Express by Holiday Inn, is family-friendly and in the less-than-£20 price range.
In the city centre located near to Yippee Noodle Bar is a Chinese restaurant called Alimentum. Despite being a cheap place to eat it's customers recommend it and gave it a rating of 5 out of 5.
Cotto is a coffee shop with high prices but is worthed is near to The Portland Arms
Strada is a Japanese inspired restaurant located near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café. It has a high customer rating and has a family friend atmosphere. The average price range is 20-25  European dollars.
For a special treat be sure not to miss Cotto, an upscale coffee shop located near The Portland Arms.
By The Rice Boat in the center of the city a French restaurant called Loch Fyne is rated 5 out of 5 by customers.
Finally, a child friendly coffee shop with fast food which attracts an average customer rating in riverside launching. Aromi.
The Dumpling Tree is a Japanese pub near The Portland Arms.
Fitzbillies is a high priced coffee shop on the riverside. It serves Italian food and is not child friendly but has a 1 out of 5 rating.
The Plough is a Japanese food providing pub that is less than £20 located near Café Rouge
The Wrestlers is a child friendly coffee shop which serves highly priced Italian food.  It is near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area.
The French restaurant in the city centre area near the Express by Holiday Inn is The Rice Boat. They have a high price range with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and not children friendly.
The Golden Curry has English food and is family friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a fast food restaurant at an expensive price point that is rated three out of five stars.
Browns Cambridge, a high priced Italian restaurant, has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge is near The Sorrento in Riverside and is an English child friendly venue.
The Plough pub is located near Café Rouge. It offers low prices but is not family friendly.
Loch Fyne is a Fast food restaurant that isn't children friendly  with more than £30
Zizzi is a three out of five star pub. It serves food such as wine and spaghetti.
The Waterman is a family-friendly restaurant that serves English food in the city centre. It is a cheap restaurant and has an average customer rating.
The Twenty Two restaurant is child friendly and serves French food.  It is located in the riverside area.
Fitzbillies is a French coffee shop in riverside that has average reviews. It is kid-friendly and is in the £20 price range.
The child-friendly restaurant near The Bakers, The Plough, has a high price range.
Cotto is a lovely spot to eat on the riverside - only £20 - 25, near All Bar One.
A French restaurant located at the riverside is called The Phoenix. The customer rating is low.
The Mill is a pub that provides Indian food in the cheap price range. It is located in the riverside.
Browns Cambridge serves Chinese at a moderate price, but has an average customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge is an average rated, family friendly coffee shop, serving Indian food near the Crowne Plaza Hotel in city centre.
The Golden Palace is a French coffee shop in the city centre with average prices, and a high customer rating.
The Wrestlers is an expensive Italian coffee shop in city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine. They are not child friendly.
The Olive Grove is a pub that serves sushi at a medium price point located outside of the City centre.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is  not suitable for families.
The Golden Palace is a high end coffee shop located just south of the river.
There is a moderately priced restaurant Green Man in the centre of the city near All Bar One that serves French food. It is not child friendly.
The Eagle is a gym providing take-away deliveries in the moderate price range. It is located in the city centre.
The kid friendly Blue Spice in the city centre has a customer rating of 3 out of 5. The price range is £20-25.
The Phoenix is a highly recommended restaurant that offers meals at reasonable prices.
The Olive Grove, the pub that provides tasty hamburgers, sodas and chips to your family is locate in the centre of the city.
The Waterman is a highly rated, child friendly English eating establishment near the city centre. The price range is more than £30.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop with Italian food. It is not children friendly. Located near the Raja Indian Cuisine, its price range is high, though located riverside.
The Eagle is next to Burger King with a price range to £20-25 great service an Italian food
The Dumpling Tree, riverside near Café Sicilia, is a high priced, non family-friendly coffee shop.
A cheap family friendly pub on the riverside is The Olive Grove.
The Waterman is rated average English pub grub located in the city center.
Browns Cambridge is a kid friendly coffee shop with a high customer rating. It serves Indian food in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Midsummer House offers a great meal with wine for dinner located near All Bar One.
Loch Fyne is a family friendly fast food restaurant.
There is an Italian coffee shop called The Eagle that is not kid friendly. It is located near Burger King and in riverside. It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Waterman located near the Crowne Plaza Hotel serves French food and is kid friendly
The Eagle Indian coffee shop is moderately priced and has high ratings.  This is not a kid friendly establishment but is located near Burger King in Riverside.
The Golden Curry near The Six Bells is not family-friendly.
The Punter offers Chinese food at a price range of 20-25 pounds.
Japanese coffee shop called The Mill, offers expensive food near The Sorrento in the riverside
The Plough is a moderately priced kid friendly restaurant Located near The Bakers
Loch Fyne is a 1 star Japanese restaurant located close to The Rice Boat. It is located in the city centre.
The Wrestlers provides Chinese food in the high price range. Its customer rating is average.
Alimentum is located in the City centre near Yippee Noodle Bar.  It is cheap, but has a five star rating.
Green Man is children friendly with a high price range. They provide Italian food near All Bar One in the city centre.
For more than £30, Bibimbap House offers Japanese food, and is located near Clare Hall, in the center of the city.
Taste of Cambridge is a cheap restaurant. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Waterman is a pub offering low price Indian food in the city centre
There is a nice sushi restaurant with affordable prices sitting by a waterfront location called Bibimbap House next to Clare Hall.
Strada is an Indian restaurant near Rainbow Vegetarian Café that is cheap, average but not family friendly.
The Vaults is a coffee shop located on the riverside, near to Café Brazil. It has a low price range and a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Golden Curry, located near The Bakers, is kid friendly.
The Cambridge Blue is a French restaurant that has a customer rating of 5 out of 5
The Eagle is a children friendly French coffee shop near Burger King in the city centre. It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and a high price range.
coffee shop Clowns Clare Hall riverside Fast food 1 out of 5
Fitzbillies coffee shop, is a highly-acclaimed family place that is an affordable option.
Giraffe is an expensive low rated kid friendly coffee shop near The Bakers.
Browns Cambridge is close to Crown Plaza Hotel,  and while it  has a kid friendly dining venue serving Japanese cuisine available, but the quality of the place has a very low customer rating.
Chinese food is served at The Rice Boat at the riverside. It has a high customer rating of 5 out of 5 and is not family friendly.
Strada, which is cheap and family friendly, has average customer rating.
Near The Portland Arms, In the city centre of city,  is a 3of5 stars coffee shop price moderate called Cotto, serves Fast food
Wildwood Pub is a serves British style breakfast place.
The Plough is a child friendly pub serving Italian food near Café Rouge in the high price range.
The Rice Boat is a family friendly restaurant that servers English food in the less than £20 price range an has a low customer rating. It is located in riverside near the Express by Holiday Inn.
Browns Cambridge is a Fast food place providing Fast food for more than £30, rated low.
The Rice Boat is a moderately priced Chinese restaurant with an average customer rating. it is located in the riverside area near Express by Holiday Inn and does not welcome children.
The Twenty Two, near The Rice Boat in riverside, has a less than £20 price range, and isn't family-friendly.
The Phoenix is located just outside of City Centre. They allow you to enjoy the view on the river while enjoying their lovely breakfast foods.
Stunning Ranch pub The Cricketers,  family friendly and rated 5 out of 5 by customers.
An inexpensive Italian restaurant in Cambridge is Browns Cambridge.
The Rice Boat is a cheap fast food restaurant with a poor rating. It is conveniently located near the Express by Holiday Inn outside the City centre but does not welcome families.
Loch Fyne is a children-friendly restaurant providing English food.
Wildwood is a Italian coffee shop near Ranch the price ranges are moderate and the customer rating is a 1 out of 5.
A coffee shop that has a rating of 1 out of 5 is called The Golden Palace. They have French food for moderate prices. They recently moved to city centre.
Burger King is a Fast food restaurant with menus ranging around £20-25 near the city centre. It has a high customer rating with a coffee shop named The Eagle, but no, it is not kid friendly.
For cheap, fast food, there is The Wrestlers. Customers have rated it low, and it is not family-friendly.
The Twenty Two is a high priced restaurant not for children, rated 3 out of 5. It's riverside location is near The Rice Boat.
'Bibimbap House' is an expensive place that serves sushi. It is located along the river near Clare Hall.
The cheap coffee shop named The Punter also offers Italian food. It is not family-friendly and rated average by the customers.  The Punter is located near Café Sicilia.
The Phoenix is a restaurant providing Italian food, located in a riverside area, and the customer Rating is 5 out of 5.
Midsummer House is a moderately priced restaurant near All Bar One. It has a customer of one out of five.
Alimentum is a kid friendly fast food restaurant in the moderate price range located at Riverside.
The Rice Boat provides Indian food in the moderate price range. It is located in the city centre. It is near Express by Holiday Inn. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Olive Grove Pub is a high end adult pub that offers Fast food in the City Centre.
Strada near Rainbow Vegetarian Café is a family-friendly Fast food. The price range is less than £20. It has a low customer rating.
family-friendly Japanese restaurant The Rice Boat is located in city centre near the Express by Holiday Inn. It has a low customer rating with a price range of more than 30.
Loch Fyne restaurant ranging from more than £30 a children friendly fast food location
Strada is located near Yippee Noodle Bar.  It is a low rated Chinese pub.
Green Man is a medium priced take away delivery service, located by the All Bar One.
The Wrestlers, Fast food, has a moderate price range.   Not kid friendly and rating by customer of 1 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge is an Indian restaurant that is not family friendly and located near The Sorrento, near the city centre.
Zizzi has a 1 out of 5 customer rating. a kid friendly pub serving Indian food.
Aromi is a kid friendly pub over by riverside with a 3 out of 5 customer rating.
Blue Spice provides English food with high price on the riverside.
a cheap 5 out of 5 coffee shop is Blue Spice but they are not family-friendly. They are located near Avalon in riverside.
Next to Café Rouge is a British restaurant called Cotto.
The Golden Palace coffee shop is a mid-priced eatery on the riverfront. They serve pasta.
Blue Spice  is cheap, has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 and yes has a family area. It is located  in the riverside.
Indian restaurant Strada offers excellent service with affordable prices.   Located by Rainbow Vegetarian Café
The Vaults is a low rated pub located near Café Adriatic. It has a price range under £20.
There is a five star coffee shop called Fitzbillies that is low priced and family friendly it's located near the river and just north of the city centre.
There is a coffee shop rated 1 out of 5 and highly priced by the riverside near Café Brazil. It is called The Vaults.
For cheap fast food there is Midsummer House close to All Bar One.  Customers have rated it 5 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge is a family-friendly French restaurant near The Sorrento by the river.
The Rice Boat  serves Fast food  near the riverside is kid-friendly and as a customer rating of 3 out of 5
A high customer rating with price ranging from £20-£25. The Wrestlers is a none kids friendly Japanese food place.
Cocum is a coffee shop that not only serves traditional Japanese food, but is also child-friendly. The price ranges between £20-25.
Near Express by Holiday Inn in Riverside, there is a Chinese place called The Rice Boat. The food is cheap but it is not family friendly.
The Dumpling Tree is a moderate priced Indian restaurant.
If you're hungry for a taste of India in central Cambridge, Browns Cambridge is the restaurant  for you. Located near The Sorrento. Children must be checked at the door.
Just down the road from Rainbow Vegetarian Café is Strada, a 3-star family friendly sushi restaurant
The Olive Grove is a low-priced pub north of the city center. that is not family friendly.
The Waterman is a family friendly French restaurant, located in the riverside area. It has an average customer service rating and prices less than £20.
The Golden Curry is an Italian restaurant.  It is near Café Rouge, riverside.  It is kid friendly.  The customer rating is high.
The Mill is a low-cost coffee shop that serves sushi by the river near The Sorrento.
French coffee shop Fitzbillies is moderately priced, with a customer rating 1 out of 5.  This is not a family-friendly venue.
Loch Fyne is a Fast food restaurant, with an average rating, in riverside, near The Rice Boat
The Rice Boat is a low quality restaurant that is not family friendly
The Vaults is a kid friendly restaurant that serves Indian food at a moderate price.
The Mill coffee shop serves Italian food at mid range prices.  It is near The Sorrento in the riverside area.
There is a cool Indian coffee Shop down close to the riverside called The Eagle. Customers love it, and its super easy to find from the Burger King parking lot. Kids and coffee don't mix, so be sure to not be that guy.
With an average customer rating, The Phoenix is a high priced restaurant serving Indian food in the riverside area.
Kids are welcome at Loch Fyne fast food restaurant.
Blue Spice is a moderately priced restaurant in the riverside area.  Blue Spice customers gave this restaurant a rating of 3 out of 5.  It is moderately priced and kid friendly.
The Plough is child friendly pub with high priced English food near Café Rouge.
The coffee shop, 'Blue Spice', is located by the riverside near Avalon. It is an expensive place to go to with poor customer ratings. The environment is not child-friendly.
With a customer rating of 3 out of 5, Zizzi is a high price range coffee shop in the city centre that is not child friendly.
Bibimbap House  near Clare Hall in Riverside serves Indian food. The price is in the high range.
Clowns, a pub located near the riverside has high prices, but only a 1 out of 5 rating with customers.
This is a kid-friendly restaurant near the Express by Holiday Inn.  Check out The Rice Boat, a highly rated riverside fast food restaurant.  Prices range from £20-25
The Aromi is a coffee shop that is child-friendly and located in the Riverside area. They serve Indian food and are rated one out of five stars.
The Mill is a high priced Japanese coffee shop near The Sorrento in riverside.
The Dumpling Tree is a restaurant that serves Japanese food for cheap.
The Phoenix situated near the riverside sells cheap Italian food and has an average Customer Rating.
Fitzbillies is a riverside fast food restaurant and coffee shop in Cambridge. Customers rate it as average, it is higher priced and does not welcome children.
The Waterman is a high priced Indian food place in Riverside but the ratings are average and aren't child friendly.
Cocum is a child friendly pub, customer rated 5 out of 5, with an affordable price range of 30 pounds and up.
price range is more than £30 and customer ratings 5 out of 5 named Browns Cambridge
The Golden Curry is located near Café Rouge North of the city centre. They serve tapas. It has perfect reviews.
The Rice Boat is a high priced, child friendly restaurant serving English food.  They have an average customer rating and are located in the city centre near the Express by Holiday Inn.
There is a French food place called the Green Man that is family friendly. It has a cheap price range and is in the riverside area near the All Bar One.
The Dumpling Tree has a cheap price range and is a French restaurant.
The Golden Palace is an expensive coffee shop that has a 5-star rating.
The Phoenix offers Chinese food at moderate prices with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 in the riverside area.
Browns Cambridge sells medium rated, expensive Japanese food.
The Waterman offers English food in £20-25. It is located at riverside. Although it is not kids friendly, yet it is rated high, by the customers.
In the riverside area is a Fast food place called The Twenty Two and it is not family-friendly.
Situated in the city center, The Phoenix comes highly rated by customers. This fast food establishment has a starting price of £30.
The Golden Curry is a fast food restaurant near the Café Rouge in the riverside area that has high customer ratings and is child friendly.
There is a coffee shop called The Golden Palace that also sells French food and has a high customer rating
In the city centre, near Burger King, you will find The Eagle. It is a non children-friendly coffee shop that serves Indian food. While its price range is quite high, more than £30, it has a high customer ratings.
The Eagle is a coffee shop with Indian food at a high price range. It has 1 out of 5 stars. It is children friendly. It is in the city centre near Burger King.
Near to the Café Rouge you can find The Plough pub's friendly environment where you can eat nice French food on low-price. It is a perfect place to spent your time with your friends or partner but unfortunately the place is not kids friendly.
The Cambridge Blue is a pub that is low priced that offers wine, cheese, and grapes, and is located next to Café Brazil.
The Vaults is a pub close to Café Adriatic with a low customer rating and prices that range more then 30 euros.
The Eagle coffee shop is low priced and rated three stars. It is located in the City center close to Burger King. It offers the family fine dining experience.
Strada is family friendly, has a cheap price range and a customer rating of average.
The Waterman is a low priced restaurant in the riverside area providing food and drinks. Family friendly. Rated one star.
There is a family friendly coffee shop located near Burger King in the city centre called The Eagle which offers good food at a premium price.
The Wrestlers, family friendly low quality for high prices
Clowns is a pub in the city centre with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.  The price range is £20 to £25.
The family friendly coffee shop Aromi serves pasta and is rated 3 out of 5 stars.  Located in the City centre area.
located near The Sorrento within riverside is a high end coffee shop called The Mill which also serves Fast food
Try Cambridge's city centre for children-friendly venues. Many coffee shops are average cost. If you want Fast food, the cost will be high. Check out Fitzbillies.
Cocum is a kid friendly restaurant with a 3 out of 5 customer rating.
There is a fast food place near The Rice Boat named Loch Fyne in riverside that has a high customer rating.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop serving Japanese food on the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine. It's children friendly and has a price range of more than  £30.
Wildwood is a three star pub as well as a sushi bar with medium pricing.
The Dumpling Tree is a kids-friendly Japanese pub located near The Portland Arms.
Customers rate Wildwood high, for their expensive English pub menu.
Alimentum located in the city centre near the Yippee Noodle Bar, is a French restaurant with a high customer rating and a price range of £20-25.
Located near Café Rouge is the Midsummer House, providing 3 star meals.
There is a pub called The Mill offering reasonably priced light meals on the riverside.
Zizzi  is a highly-rated coffee shop located at the riverside.  You can bring your children and experience a meal for more than 30 pounds.
5 star, children friendly coffee shop, Zizzi is located in the city centre.
The Rice Boat  serves English food and is in the city centre near Express by Holiday Inn. It has a high price range, an average customer rating and is not children-friendly.
The Eagle is a cheap adult coffee shop in the city centre near Burger King. They serve French food and have great reviews.
The Twenty Two is open to customers of all ages who are looking for Chinese cuisine.
The Mill pub serves mid priced English food on the riverside.
Family friendly restaurant, Loch Fyne serves Italian
Situated in the riverside area near to Café Rouge, The Golden Curry is  family friendly and provides English food. It has a low customer rating.
The Twenty Two  family friendly fast food
Near Café Adriatic is a pub named The Vaults which is moderately priced with a 1 out of 5 customer rating.
The Phoenix is an Italian place located in the city centre with low customer ratings.
The Punter is a coffee shop and restaurant that is low price and family friendly is near Café Sicilia.
With a high price range and low customer rating of 1 out of 5 the Wildwood coffee shop is located near Ranch and provides fast-food.
The Italian place, Midsummer House, is near All Bar One, has a high customer rate, but costs more than 30 pounds.
The Eagle has terrible fast food.
The Waterman serves cheap priced English food in the city centre area. It is family-friendly with a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
Green Man, Not family-friendly.  Price Range: less than £20.  Italian Food.  Near All Bar One.  Area is Riverside.
Near All Bar One, at Midsummer House, there is a moderately rated, fairly priced, Japanese restaurant.
The Golden Palace is high price coffee shop named The Golden Palace serving French food Located in city center with a high customer rating
Zizzi is child friendly and serves pub type French food. It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Waterman, by the Crowne Plaza Hotel, offers fast food and is family friendly.
I love the food at Wildwood pub. They have the best burgers.
The Strada is a high priced Indian restaurant near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café. Customer rating in 1 out of 5 and is not family-friendly.
The Cambridge Blue is a 5-star restaurant.
Near Café Rouge, The Golden Curry is a family friendly with food and one star rating.
The high priced pub The Golden Palace, is located in the city centre, near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
Strada is rated average by customers and provides food for under £20. It is family friendly.
The Rice Boat is a Chinese restaurant in the city center near the Express by Holiday Inn. The price range is 20-25 pounds. The customer rating is high although, it is not kid friendly.
If you are searching for a cheap Fast food and coffee shop in the city centre, The Golden Palace might be for you. It has average customer rating.
The Midsummer House offers quality American food at high prices. The restaurant is located next to All Bar One.
The Waterman serves Chinese food and is located near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is not family friendly.
Serving Italian food, The Eagle is a coffee shop in the center of the city, near Burger King.   It has a high price range and is family-friendly.  Customers rate is 1 out of 5.
The Waterman near Crowne Plaza Hotel is a children- friendly and serves Italian food.
Strada is a highly priced, children-friendly restaurant with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Zizzi is a kid-friendly, Indian pub with a decent customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Clowns is a moderately priced pub in the riverside area with a 1 out of 5 customer rating.
Moderately priced, The Phoenix Sushi restaurant sits next to the river.
The Rice Boat, a children friendly restaurant which serves highly rated Italian food, has a more than 30 euro price range and is near the Express by Holiday Inn. This restaurant can be found along the river.
The Phoenix is and inexpensive place for light refreshment and a glass of wine next to the river.
The Dumpling Tree is not a family-friendly pub, but it offers Italian food.  It is near The Portland Arms
On the riverside, near Café Adriatic is Travellers Rest Beefeater. The price range is high with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Waterman is a restaurant providing Indian food. It is located in the area riverside. its not a kids friendly restaurant. The price range is between £20 and £25. The customer rating is high.
With a low customer rating and non-family friendly status, the Chinese food establishment The Rice Boat is located on the riverside.
Offering the average, high priced Chinese food, The Phoenix is in the city centre.
There is a fast food coffee shop called Browns Cambridge. It is located at the riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel. They have a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and are child friendly.
The Dumpling Tree is a moderately priced fast  food restaurant.
The Wrestlers coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine is for the upmarket family. Facilities for families are available with the purchase of a highly priced coffee.
The Phoenix is a Chinese restaurant. The food is cheap, the rating is average and it is found in the riverside area.
Cocum is a family friendly French food serving coffee shop with a price range of less than 20 pounds and a low customer rating.
An Indian restaurant called Browns Cambridge offers high prices with a low, 1 out of 5 customer rating
The Wrestlers coffee shop family friendly and well priced  located next to Raja Indian Cuisine
There's a fast food joint named Bibimbap House in riverside near Clare Hall with a high price range.
The Mill is a type of pub, which offers Indian food, with a high price range, it is located in  a riverside area.
The Waterman provides Chinese food in the high price range. It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is average.
A high priced restaurant near the river is Alimentum.  This is a five star restaurant located next to Yippee Noodle Bar.
Aromi is a kid friendly coffee shop that has high costumer ratings. It offers Indian food and is located in the riverside area.
For traditional English food pop along to The Twenty Two on the riverside. Its kids friendly too.
Taste of Cambridge coffee shop  in riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel serves Japanese food and is children Friendly.
The Rice Boat is a five star restaurant located in City centre.
The Wrestlers is moderately-priced Italian with a rating of 1 out of 5 and is kid friendly.
The Waterman is a moderately priced fast food restaurant in the City Centre area. This child friendly restaurant has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Waterman is a children friendly place that has French food, it is near Crowne Plaza Hotel
Welcome to The Rice Boat. Our customer rating is high, we serve English food, we are not children friendly. Our price range is more than 30 pounds and we are near the Express by Holiday Inn.
Fitzbillies is a cheap, riverside Fast food coffee shop. It has an average customer rating, and is cheap and not family-friendly
Chinese restaurant, The Rice Boat, near the Express by Holiday Inn at the City Centre, has a reasonable price range of £20-25, with a high customer rating. Children welcome.
Alimentum is a high-priced venue located in the riverside area. It serves English food and is not children friendly.
Fore more than 30 pounds you can dine at The Phoenix a Chinese restaurant with a high customer rating in the riverside area.
Giraffe is a coffee shop near The Bakers Tucson furniture in the more than 30 pound and  people rating high family friendly yes
There is a Japanese restaurant called Loch Fyne in riverside located near The Rice Boat. It has been rated 3 out of 5 by customers.
The Eagle Fast food is located near Burger King in city center with a high price range .
Alimentum is an expensive Chinese restaurant in the city centre that is child friendly.
The Vaults is a high price Range children Friendly Fast food restaurant.
An Italian family-friendly venue, The Waterman is an average rated, cheap venue in the city centre
In spite of a low customer rating, The Golden Curry and a wonderful choice for family friendly Japanese cuisine.
The Strada restaurant French food restaurant serves food in the price range £20-25, is kids friendly, customer rated 3 out of 5, and situated near to the Rainbow Vegetarian Café
The wrestlers is a fast food outlet. The wrestlers has a five star rating . The Wrestlers is family friendly restaurant and costs a reasonable amount.
The Eagle is a moderately priced low rated Japanese coffee shop near Burger King in city centre.
Cotto provides child friendly Italian services nearby the Ranch.
The Blue Spice is located in the city centre, with a moderate price range and a customer rating of 1 out of 5 that is not kids friendly.
Strada Fast food pub is located near Yippee Noodle Bar with a customer rating of 5 out of 5
Wildwood is a medium priced pub and sushi bar with a three star rating.
Zizzi is a pub that offers Asian cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a 5 star,  family friendly restaurant that provides a variety of wines and cheese.
The French restaurant named The Eagle is a coffee shop in the city centre, near Burger King is a place for kids with price range from 20-25 with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a coffee Shop serving Indian food which a high price range. The Customer rating is average and it is sited on a riverside. Fitzbillies is not child friendly.
The Rice Boat is a high priced restaurant near Rainbow Vegetarian Café. It has an average customer rating.
The Rice Boat a French styled restaurant  is located on the riverside by the Express by Holiday Inn with ratings of 5 out of 5 with cheap prices and family friendly.
The Phoenix sells English food on the riverside. It is rated 3 of 5 stars.
Fitzbillies is a five star coffee shop that is low priced and family friendly it's located near the river and just north of the city centre.
Loch Fyne, providing fast-food and in a family friendly restaurant.
Wildwood is a pub that serves Italian food.  It has a high customer rating and the price range is over L20.
The Punter is a moderately priced restaurant near The Portland Arms in the city centre. It is not kid friendly.
The Cocum is a children friendly restaurant with a high customer rating.
Browns Cambridge is a fast food family-friendly restaurant in the city centre near The Sorrento.
Browns Cambridge is a Japanese cuisine that offers food at an average price range and hold a customer rating of 3 out of 5
Strada is an averagely priced restaurant near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café. It serves average Chinese food. This is not a children friendly restaurant.
Wildwood is an average rated English pub that serves cheap food.
Average Indian cuisine in a child-friendly riverside setting: The Rice Boat.
A top rated pub eatery called Aromi is situated by the riverside
Loch Fyne provides French food in a restaurant-setting. Prices range from over £30 and it is not recommended for children.
Located in riverside, Blue Spice is a child friendly place highly rated by customers.
Cotto located near the riverside sells Italian food at a moderate price with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 . It is a coffee shop. Situated close to The Portland Arms.
You can expect to pay low prices for top quality Asian cuisine at the Cocum coffee shop.
Enjoy some French grub by the riverside at The Olive Grove, family friendly and value for money.
Browns Cambridge is higher-cost establishment that serves luxury food items and spirits.
The Phoenix serves Indian food in the high price range with an average customer review.  It is located in the city centre.
Moderately priced English food served at The Dumpling Tree.
The Blue Spice is a coffee shop located riverside near Avalon.  High price range.  Not child friendly.  Customer rating 3 out 5.
Cocum is a kids-friendly coffee shop with a high customer rating. Italian food with price range 20-25 pounds
Located in the city centre is a pub called The Waterman. It serves Italian food and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5
In the city centre the Blue Spice has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 price ranging more than £30. It however is a none children friendly place.
The kid friendly coffee shop near The Portland Arms called The Cricketers has Indian food and a rating of 1 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is an Italian coffee shop located by the river in the City centre. It has middle priced food.
Blue Spice by a riverside serving English food with a moderate price Range.
Giraffe is a child friendly pub in riverside that serves English cuisine.
Kid friendly city centre in moderate price range is Green Man.
Giraffe is a pub that serves English food. It is located in the city centre. It is not family-friendly.
In the riverside area, The Waterman serves highly rated Indian food.
There is a family-friendly pub called Zizzi which serves Japanese food and is rated as average.
There is a family pub in the mid-price range called The Plough. It serves British cuisine and is located just north of Café Rouge.
Blue Spice is a low cost, family friendly restaurant in the riverside area, it has a low customer rating.
The Golden Curry has a low customer rating but offers a family-friendly environment. Located along the riverside near Café Rouge, they serve Italian food.
There's a family-friendly coffee shop called The Eagle selling French food. It's rated 5 out of 5 and it's cheap as well, you can find it by Burger King in the city centre.
There is an Italian restaurant in the city centre, near The Sorrento. It is not family-friendly, and it's named Browns Cambridge.
The Golden Curry is a family-friendly, fast food restaurant with an average rating. It is located in the centre of the city near Café Rouge.
Serving English food, The Golden Curry, is located near Café Rouge in the city centre, and has a high customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Alimentum is a children friendly fast food outlet in the city centre, with a high price range.
The Punter is a poorly rated Japanese coffee shop near Café Sicilia.  It has a moderate price range and is not child friendly.
The Rice Boat has traditional English cuisine and is a kid-friendly, moderately-priced eatery with riverside views, with only a one-star rate; it's located near the Express by Holiday Inn.
Browns Cambridge ate at a coffee shop who is not family-friendly. They served French food. This restaurant is near Crowne Plaza Hotel. This coffee shop is located in the area of city centre with a customer rating score of low.
The restaurant located in Riverside The Waterman has such high prices because of their customer rating being 3 out of 5. One good part of information is that they are children friendly.
Cotto is coffee shop near The Portland Arms in the city center. It also offers Japanese food in a moderate price range. Cotto is rated 1 out of 5 by its customers.
A pub near Café Brazil with low prices is The Cambridge Blue.
A Japanese coffee shop in the city centre area is called Browns Cambridge near the Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is not family-friendly but does have a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
In the City centre near Yippee Noodle Bar is Alimentum.  It is highly rated, but low priced.
Cocum is a low customer rated restaurant that is child friendly.
Alimentum provides Indian food in the less than £20 price range. It is located in the city centre.
The restaurant called Strada gets great customer reviews. It is a pub offering French food. It can be found close to the Yippee Noodle Bar.
Blue Spice is a Japanese restaurant which can be found in the city centre, offering food at a moderate price range.
Cotto is near the Ranch. Plus, the food is children friendly and its English.
Moderately priced, The Mill serves Japanese food in a city centre pub.
Alimentum is a child friendly fast food restaurant opening in riverside with fair prices.
The Punter has a customer rating of 3 out of 5, because their price range is £20-25. It is located near Café Sicilia and is not kids friendly, because it is a coffee shop and they serve French food.
There is a kid friendly English restaurant on the riverside with high  customer ratings called The Rice Boat.
The Phoenix is a restaurant located near the river.
The Punter is an exclusive bakery shop serving coffee as well and it is located in Café Sicilia
Moderately priced but close to Clare Hall, located in the city centre Bibimbap House is Chinese at its finest
For a pricey pub serving Indian, look for The Olive Grove in the city centre. please note, this venue is not child friendly.
Wildwood is an inexpensive Japanese pub. Rated 3 out of 5.
The French restaurant located by the river, The Waterman, is family friendly. Although it has a low price range, it has received poor reviews.
Loch Fyne is near The Rice Boat providing fast food near The Rice Boat.
The Cambridge Blue pub serves French food, is in the more than £30 range, and is near to the Café Brazil.
While The Rice Boat is a family-friendly, Japanese restaurant in the city centre, customers give it a low rating.
Taste of Cambridge is in the riverside area, near The Sorrento. It is a pub that is not family-friendly.
There is a moderate-priced  and low-rated coffee shop called Cocum  where kids are always welcome .
Located in riverside, The Rice Boat offers Indian cuisine.
Browns Cambridge is a hamburger joint that has an average rating of 3 out of 5 stars and is low priced.
There is a cheap restaurant Travellers Rest Beefeater near Café Adriatic. It is in riverside and has a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
For a low rated coffee shop in the moderate price range, go to Fitzbillies.  It serves French food, and is kid-friendly in Riverside.
The Rice Boat is not kids friendly but has Italian food at a moderate price range and a 3 out of 5 rating can be found near the Express by Holiday Inn in the city centre.
Wildwood is a moderately priced fast food pub with a high customer rating.
Check out The Rice Boat, a restaurant located near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café, with delicious food.
At the riverside, there is a kid friendly one star restaurant call The Rice Boat near Express by Holiday Inn that sells Indian food at a moderate price.
The Plough is a high priced Indian pub near Café Rouge.
Located in riverside, The Golden Palace is a restaurant with a 5 out of 5 rating.
There is a coffee shop located in the city centre, near Raja Indian Cuisine, in the high price range. The Wrestlers provides Fast food but no children friendly menu or services are offered.
The English pub Zizzi has a 5 out of 5 rating but is not family-friendly.
A high end, kid friendly restaurant is The Waterman.
The Phoenix is an expensive Chinese restaurant in the city centre. It has a poor customer rating.
The Golden Curry is a one-star, family-friendly restaurant located near Café Rouge.
Zizzi is a coffee shop in Riverside.  It has a low customer rating and is more than 30 pounds.
With high pricing and a customer rating of 1 out of 5, The Eagle is a non child friendly fast food coffee shop located near Burger King, Riverside.
The Waterman is an Indian restaurant located in the centre of the city. It has a moderate price range and a customer rating of 3 out of 5, and it is kid friendly.
For £20-25, Bibimbap House serves  fast food. It is located in the riverside district, near Clare Hall.
Family friendly, averagely rated and cheap Japanese coffee shop called The Punter is located near Café Sicilia.
If you're looking for a Fast food venue near The Six Bells, then you could try Fitzbillies. It's also in the cheap price range.
The Golden Curry is a not so family-friendly  Fast food place with a average rating.  It is located  by the riverside near Café Rouge.
The Golden Curry is near The Bakers. It is a family friendly place serving cheap Indian food.
The Punter, has a cheap price range and offers Chinese food.
Not children-friendly but has a high customer rating and Italian food, Strada is more than £30 near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
The Waterman located by Crowne Plaza Hotel serves Japanese cuisine and is family Friendly.
Inexpensive food is served at Wildwood coffee shop. It is near to Ranch.
Midsummer House has a five star rating, and is near Café Rouge.
Strada is a pub which serves Chinese food is located near Yippee Noodle Bar, and has a high customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Rice Boat with a low customer rating  is a low-priced Japanese restaurant near Express by Holiday Inn.
The coffee shop Clowns, located near Clare Hall in the city centre, serves French food and has a low customer rating.
This pub is considered to be expensive, usually charging more than £30 with each bill. Clowns is located in Riverside, and is loved by the local population.
The Eagle is a high priced coffee shop that is family friendly and located near a Burger King.
The Vaults provides Chinese food in the high price range.
Travellers Rest Beefeater located by the riverside and near Café Adriatic is a restaurant that has an average customer rating and is deemed as cheap by its customers.
A Japanese restaurant is The Vaults.
A low priced place to dine is The Bibimbap House which is located right off the river next to Clare Hall.
English food is served in the riverside area at a place called The Rice Boat
A restaurant called The Eagle is located in the area of riverside. It had a moderate price range, but  it has a low customer rating of 1 out of 5.
There is a Japanese restaurant named The Waterman with a price range under £20 and an average customer rating. It is not family-friendly and is located in the City Centre.
Near Café Rouge, Midsummer House serves Indian food and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Your children will feel welcomed at the Wildwood restaurant.
The Vaults serves cheap Chinese food, but is not family friendly.
A family friendly and serving fast food, The Golden Curry has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Indian restaurant Bibimbap House serves low priced food and it located in riverside near Clare Hall.
Located near All Bar One in the city centre, Midsummer House is a medium priced Italian restaurant with a three of five star rating.
The Wrestlers is a moderately priced coffee shop in riverside, located near Raja Indian Cuisine.
English food from The Phoenix in riverside has a customer rating of 1 out of 5
Rated average among customers, Browns Cambridge is an Italian restaurant with a high price range.
Rated 3 out of 5 by its customers, Zizzi is a kid friendly Japanese pub.
The Eagle near riverside, the customers love the meal plan under 20
Try a lower rated Japanese restaurant near the Café Rouge. It is called Midsummer House.
The  Travellers Rest Beefeater provides cheap food and high customer ratings in its riverside setting near the Café Adriatic
Fitzbillies a coffee shop which offers Indian food has a high price range. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5. It is located in riverside and it is not children friendly
There is a restaurant near Rainbow Vegetarian Café named Strada. Strada is not kid friendly. Strada has a high customer rating and a price range of 20-25 pounds.  Strada serves Indian food.
The Vaults is an expensive pub near Café Adriatic, with average customer reviews.
The Golden Curry has a high price range that serves Indian food. It is kid friendly located near The Bakers.
The Twenty Two is a family-friendly fast food place located on a riverside
A low priced coffee shop next to Raja Indian Cuisine is called The Wrestlers. It is a family friendly place that offers sushi.
The Rice Boat provides Indian food in the cheap price range. It is located in the riverside. It is near Express by Holiday Inn. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
The Twenty Two is located in riverside near The Rice Boat. It is kids-friendly, has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and a price range of £20-25.
The Waterman serves Japanese food, is children friendly, and is near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Blue Spice is a children friendly coffee shop near Avalon with a high price range and 1 out of 5 customer rating.
The Golden Curry is a Chinese food restaurant in riverside near Café Rouge. It is not family friendly and has an average customer rating.
Strada is a low priced French food restaurant near Rainbow Vegetarian Café with 5 out of 5 customer Rating but not family-friendly
The Eagle is a children Friendly coffee shop with high price range providing Italian food. It is located in the city centre near Burger King and it has customer rating of 1 put of 5.
For Cheap satisfying English cuisine then go to the family-Friendly The Golden Curry situated by The Bakers
Situated on the riverside, The Twenty Two is a restaurant serving food at a price range of less than £20. This is a family friendly restaurant located near The Rice Boat and has an average customer rating.
Fitzbillies is in the high price range and is located near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
Blue Spice serves expensive English food by riverside.
A fast food coffee shop in riverside that has a low customer rating and is not family-friendly is called Fitzbillies. It cost less than 20 euros.
Cotto is a coffee Shop, providing Japanese food, with a customer Rating 5 out of 5, with High-priced Range with kids Friendly. located near The Portland Arms
The Golden Curry is a highly priced Indian restaurant that is child-friendly and is located near The Bakers.
The Olive Grove, situated in the city centre, offers expensive food. It is a children friendly pub.
The Wildwood is a mid priced pub serving fast food.
The kids friendly Alimentum is located in the riverside area, offering Indian food in the modest price range.
The Waterman provides Chinese food in the high price range. It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is average.
The Wrestlers offers Italian food. It has a child-friendly atmosphere, in the high-end price range and a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Vaults if a family friendly Japanese restaurant that offers moderately priced food selections.
Alimentum in riverside serves fast food and are not kid friendly, at a high price range.
The Twenty Two serves French food. It is child-friendly.
Near riverside find Giraffe kids are invited for some pub food.
The Cricketers is an Indian restaurant near All Bar One.
A great breakfast with you coffee can be found at Cotto coffee shop, near The Portland Arms.
In the riverside area there is an Italian restaurant called The Twenty Two which is not family-friendly.
The Punter has English type food. It is high price food.
Considered Child friendly, The Twenty Two serves English food.
A kids Friendly, fast food restaurant, costing between £20-25, with high customer rating would be The Wrestlers.
There is a children-friendly coffee shop named Fitzbillies. the customer rating is relative high and the price range is more than £30 and provide many English food. the location is in the riverside
Strada is a highly rated fast food restaurant with a price range of over £30. It is not a child friendly establishment located near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
On the riverside is The Twenty Two serving Indian food. It isn't family friendly.
Over by the river, there's a restaurant that's normally costs under twenty pounds.  It's called Zizzi.
Cotto serves Indian food and coffee for less than £20. It's near The Portland Arms in the city centre, and has low ratings.
Wildwood is a coffee shop near the Ranch which serves Italian food for less than £20.
In the riverside area there is a fast food restaurant named Blue Spice with a price range of less than £20.
Browns Cambridge is providing three star customer service for at a high price range.
The Olive Grove is a not family-friendly pub serving cheap French food in the city centre.
With a high price range located in the city centre, Alimentum is children friendly and serves Italian.
There is a dine-in restaurant that is expensive called Browns Cambridge, but it has poor reviews.
The Cricketers is a French specialized  restaurant located near All Bar One.
Located on the riverside, the Alimentum is a English restaurant that is kid friendly with moderate prices.
The Mill is a cheap restaurant providing Fast food. It is a pub located on the riverside.
City Centre at Clowns has an average customer rate and is located near Clare Hall which provides French food and a coffee shop.
Check out the 3 out of 5 rated kid-friendly coffee shop Fitzbillies.  Located in Riverside, it offers French food ranging in price from £20-25.
If you are in looking for a family friendly restaurant that serves French cuisine, try The Twenty Two.
The Punter has Fast food with a cheap price range.
The Olive Grove is child friendly pub by the riverside  and is expensive
The Taste of Cambridge is a coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre which serves Japanese food. It is not family-friendly.
A high-priced Fast food place near the center of the city, named Alimentum, not kid friendly.
coffee shop Fitzbillies is located near the river. Expensive but great reviews and welcomes  families.
Alimentum is a high priced fast-food outlet in the city centre near to Yippee Noodle Bar it has a average customer rating.
In the city centre area near Express by Holiday Inn, The Rice Boat offers English food and is family-friendly. We have a low customer rating and a price range of less than £20.
The Loch Fyne restaurant serves Italian. It is kid friendly.
There is a place named Strada located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café that is not children friendly, serves Italian food, has a price range of more than 30, and a high customer rating
In riverside there is a pub called The Waterman with Japanese food with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Waterman pub. It is located in riverside area. have 3 out of 5 costumer rating.
With a price range of less than £20, located in Ranch, is a coffee shop named Wildwood.  It has a low customer rating.
Near The Rice Boat is a cheap restaurant called The Twenty Two. It is family friendly by the riverside and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
There is a restaurant called Cocum that got a 3 out of 5 customer rating and is children friendly.
The Wildwood is a kids friendly restaurant.
Aromi is a family friendly pub that has a low customer rating, but is located in riverside
Clowns is a cheap  pub located in Riverside. It also has a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
Strada has a low customer rating with a price range less than £20 and family friendly.
There is an average rated Italian place near Café Rouge.  It is named Midsummer House.
A nice place to enjoy food is the pub named Giraffe located at Riverside. It is kid friendly and specializes in Italian cuisine.
If you are craving Italian food, and are looking for a moderately priced, kid-free restaurant, give The Waterman a try.  Located at the city centre. Rated 1 out of 5 by customers.
There is an expensive, non-child friendly coffee shop named Zizzi in the city centre which has a price range more than £30 and a low customer rating.
The Cricketers Indian food and coffee bar is near The Portland Arms, kids are welcome. High customer rating.
The Eagle has an average customer rating and serves Italian cuisine.
Located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café is  Strada a French restaurant that serves food for more than £30.  It has high ratings but is not child friendly.
It is more than £30 to eat at Wildwood Japanese pub. They have a low rating.
Giraffe, the English pub located in the city centre, is not family-friendly.
The Waterman, located in the riverside area, offers expensive Indian cuisine. Environment: Not children-friendly. Customer rating: 1 out of 5.
Alimentum is located in the riverside area, and serves Indian food at lower than average prices. It's not family friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a family-friendly restaurant in Riverside that sells English food. It is located near The Sorrento.
The Waterman in Riverside is a Japanese pub.  It has a 5 out of 5 customer ratting
The Twenty Two is a restaurant providing take-away deliveries in the low price range. It is located in the city centre
Wildwood is a low starred, expensive coffee shop near Ranch.
Fitzbillies serves French food out of a coffee shop at the city center. This kid friendly shop is moderately priced with a rating of 1 out of 5.
An Italian pub that is family friendly, with average customer ratings is Zizzi's.
The Rice Boat is a Chinese food place. The customer Rating is 1 out of 5, located riverside and is kids friendly.
Browns Cambridge has Italian food . It is in the high price range. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Giraffe is a moderately priced restaurant located near to The Six Bells.
The coffee shop, Fitzbillies, is an average priced fast food restaurant located in the city center. It is rated highly among customers and is not kid friendly.
The Waterman is a moderately priced Chinese restaurant with a customer rating of 1 of 5.  It is kid friendly and located in the riverside area.
Alimentum is a cheap Chinese restaurant near Yippee Noodle Bar in riverside with a rating of 5 out of 5.
The Olive Grove is a pub offering Japanese food. It is located in city centre with a price range of more than £30. It is a children friendly place.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop in the city centre.  They serve moderately priced fast food in a non-kid friendly environment and have a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Cambridge Blue pub is located near Café Brazil and serves averagely priced Indian food
Not only it is children friendly, with a 1 out of 5 rating Aromi is a pub by the riverside.
Cocum is an average priced kids-friendly pub with a high customer rating.
Near Café Brazil, is an inexpensive pub, The Cambridge Blue.  It serves Italian food.
Alimentum is rated 3 out of 5 and located near Yippee Noodle Bar at riverside. It is Japanese in the £20-25 price range.
Cotto, has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is kids friendly, and offers Chinese food. It is located near Ranch.
For a low priced 5 star restaurant Alimentum is the best choice near Yippee Noodle Bar.
The Eagle, rated at 3 out of 5, serves French food
The child Friendly Japanese restaurant called The Golden Curry has a 5 out of 5 customer Rating. It is found in the riverside area near Café Rouge.
Cotto is a Japanese coffee shop near the Portland Arms in the City centre, they have a low rating and the price is over £30.
Aromi is a kid friendly, high customer rated coffee shop that has Italian food. It is in the area of riverside.
There is a kids-friendly coffee shop in near the Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area. Named Taste of Cambridge, it specializes in Japanese food.
There is a cheap, family friendly coffee shop named Blue Spice in the riverside area near Avalon. It has an average customer rating.
The family friendly restaurant called The Plough is near the Express by Holiday Inn
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop located at the city centre. They serve fast food for a high price. It is not a child friendly establishment, and has a customer rating of  1 out of 5.
There is a French pub in Riverside with a price range less than £20 called The Mill.
Aromi is a family-friendly coffee shop with fast food in city centre with customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Located near Café Rouge, Wildwood is a high-rated restaurant.
Browns Cambridge is an inexpensive average restaurant.
The Cambridge Blue is a pub that provides Chinese food in the less than £20 price range. It is near Café Brazil.
Zizzi is a coffee shop near city centre. It has high customer reviews and prices ranging from 20 to 25 pounds. Zizzi is not kid friendly.
With a price range of £20-25, Green Man is a kid friendly Japanese restaurant on the riverside, near All Bar One.
Browns Cambridge is a non-family-friendly French restaurant located in the city centre near The Sorrento.
Located in the riverside area, the highly rated The Phoenix serves Italian food. The price range is more than £30.
A coffee shop called Cotto sells Fast food in the city centre near The Portland Arms with a high price range and average customer rating.
Located near Ranch is Wildwood, a coffee shop that serves Japanese food. Its price range is moderate, but it is rated only 1 out of 5.
The Rice Boat is a cheap Japanese venue, near the Express by Holiday Inn, in the city centre, not family-friendly, and with an average customer rating
Near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café, you can find the Strada, which is a kids friendly Japanese restaurant. It's average rated and cost less than £20.
The Eagle is a one-star rated coffee shop located along the riverside near Burger King. They serve medium-priced wine and hors d'oeuvre in a family friendly atmosphere.
Cotto is a family friendly Chinese food restaurant near a Ranch. It has a 1 out of 5 customer rating.
The Wrestlers is a kid friendly French coffee shop on the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine. Prices range £20-25.
The Punter coffee shop serves good, if pricey, Italian food.  It is located near Café Sicilia.  Families with children are welcome.
The Strada is a Japanese pub near Yippee Noodle Bar with a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
The Golden Curry is a French restaurant near The Bakers.
The Punter is a coffee ship serving Indian food for more than £30 with a high customer rating and is child friendly near Café Sicilia.
Beside The Rice Boat, the Bibimbap House at the riverside offers Japanese food.
There is an Indian restaurant The Eagle that has low customer rating.
Browns Cambridge is a high-priced and very highly rated Japanese restaurant.
Clowns is a pub that has a high customer rating, located in the riverside area, and they're prices are more than 30 pounds.
Cocum is a French coffee shop with a customer Rating of 1 out of 5. It is child friendly and moderately priced.
Blue Spice coffee shop near Avalon in riverside, moderate prices, kid friendly rated 1 out of 5.
For a moderate price, The Punter serves Chinese food.
The Waterman provides Chinese food in the more than £30 price range. It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is high.
The Eagle has low ratings for serving Japanese food.
The Dumpling Tree is a child friendly Japanese pub  near The Portland Arms.
Midsummer House serves high quality Italian food, near to Café Rouge.
Midsummer House has a five star rating, and is near Café Rouge.
The Cambridge Blue pub offers great prices for food. It is located near Café Brazil.
Near The Sorrento based in the riverside is French restaurant  Browns Cambridge which is child friendly.
The Cotto ranges between twenty and twenty-five dollars with a high customer rating. The Portland Arms serves Italian food near the riverside.
Fitzbillies  is a low-priced restaurant in the city centre that delivers take-away.
The Mill a pub serving Chinese food near riverside.
A kids Friendly Japanese coffee shop along the riverside is called Taste of Cambridge and is next to Crown Plaza Hotel.
The Phoenix is a fast food restaurant located in city centre.
The Rice Boat, a Japanese restaurant, is near Express by Holiday Inn in riverside. I hate a high price range but is child friendly and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
you can eat French Fitzbillies that the price is more than £30 and you east can found that place near the six bells.
The Rice Boat is yes kid friendly. It is in Riverside. It is rated 1 out of 5. It serves Italian food.
Alimentum, located in Riverside, is a non family-friendly Japanese restaurant with a price range with less than £20.
The Phoenix serves Chinese food for less that £20. It has a low customer rating and is located in the city centre.
The Phoenix loves French food on the riverside.
The Olive Grove pub is an expensive family friendly restaurant.
Good value food and drink is available at Bibimbap House one the river next to Clare Hall.
Named The Wrestlers is a Japanese food coffee shop and is near The Raja Indian Cuisine int he riverside area prices ranging from less than £20 and is family friendly
The Golden Curry offers 5 star Japanese food to adults only.
Taste of Cambridge is a low rated restaurant in the price range of less than £20.
The Mill is a coffee shop located on the riverside and whose prices are moderate. It serves Indian food and can be found near The Sorrento.
Curried Noodles low priced The Golden Curry just past The Bakers.
If you are looking for Fast food in the moderate price range, try The Golden Palace. Located in the riverside area, this coffee shop has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Phoenix is a high rating Fast food in the riverside area
Located near the city centre and Crowne Plaza Hotel the Taste of Cambridge is a family friendly Indian coffee Shop.
In riverside located near Burger King, is kids friendly coffee shop with a moderate price range. It is rated 3 out of 5 and serves Italian food, it is called The Eagle.
The moderately priced Chinese restaurant The Olive Grove is found in the riverside area and is not kid friendly.
The Waterman serves Chinese food ranging from 20-25, and has a high customer rating located in the city centre and is kids friendly.
For high-priced English cuisine near All Bar One, check out Midsummer House. It boasts a high customer rating.
With a price range of less than  £20, Green Man fast food is not family-friendly. They are located in city centre near All Bar One.
Leave the children at Burger King and come to The Eagle, a 1-star French-style coffee shop down on the riverside.
In city centre near Café Rouge you'll find Green Man for pub fast food.
Loch Fyne is a Fast food place located near The Rice Boat in the riverside area. Customers give it a 5 out of 5
The Vaults is an Italian restaurant that is child friendly and costs more than 30 euros.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop that sells French style food for less than £20 in the city centre, watch out though as its customer rating is low
Fitzbillies is a Chinese restaurant with average prices. It is located near The Six Bells.
The Golden Curry, located near The Bakers offers Indian cuisine at a moderate price in a family friendly atmosphere.
The Twenty Two is in Riverside.  It serves English food and it's kids friendly.
Don't bring the kids to Loch Fyne English restaurant.
Zizzi is a cheap restaurant in Riverside.
The Phoenix It provides fast foods at a reduced price and is located near the river
The Golden Curry is an Italian restaurant near Café Rouge in City center that is not family-friendly and has a low rating.
Cocum is a low rated family friendly coffee shop service Italian food for less than 20 pounds.
The Eagle is a Japanese kid-friendly coffee shop situated by the riverside. Its price ranges are moderate and it has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is near Burger King.
There is a good value coffee shop called Cocum, a nice place to go with family offering Italian eats, highly rated by customers.
Midsummer House is a low-priced restaurant that offers breakfast.  It is located by All Bar One.
Browns Cambridge is a moderately priced Japanese restaurant with poor customer ratings.
The Punter is high-priced coffee shop offering fast food. It is rated 1 star and is family-friendly. Other restaurants in the area include Café Sicilia.
A moderate kid friendly restaurant called the Strada is 3 out of 5.
Midsummer House is an expensive and highly rated sushi place. It is located near All Bar One.
The Golden Curry is a family friendly Italian restaurant with a low customer rating. It is located in the riverside area near Café Rouge.
The Eagle is a 3 star pub offering traditional British food
The Cambridge Blue is an Italian restaurant.  It has a high customer rating.
The Cricketers is a coffee shop near The Portland Arms.  It is family friendly. It serves Indian and has an average customer rating.
The Rice Boat near Express by Holiday Inn, riverside, serves excellent Japanese food at low prices. It is family friendly, with good ratings and has a lovely atmosphere.
Located near the riverside area is the high priced fast food restaurant called the, Blue Spice.
If you are in city centre, around Café Rouge, The Golden Curry is the closest place of Chinese food. The place is not family-friendly and the customer rating is average.
The Vaults is a coffee shop on the riverside near Café Brazil. It's a highly rated restaurant that is expensive. It costs more than 30 pounds to eat there.
The Punter is a moderate priced place that provides Italian.
The Olive Grove is a pub. It not family-friendly. There price range is less then 20. They serve Japanese food in the riverside area.
Browns Cambridge is located in the city centre near The Sorrento and offers a range of Japanese food.
Come with your best friend to Strada restaurant and eat the bes food in town near the Yippee Noodle Bar
The low rating coffee shop serving French food names Aromi, is not family-friendly and is by the riverside.
Midsummer House serves Indian food,  has a customer rating of 1 out of 5, and is near Café Rouge.
The Waterman is in city centre with a low customer rating. Price range is more than £30 and not children friendly. Serves French cuisine.
The Phoenix sells Italian food in the city centre area. Its price range is high and its customer rating is 1 out of 5 though.
The Waterman is a family-friendly French food  restaurant offering meals for less than £20.
The Waterman is a family friendly French restaurant near the Crown Plaza Hotel.
Near Express by Holiday Inn is the family friendly Fitzbillies.  They are cheap and are rated 3 out of 5.
The Golden Curry is a fast food restaurant with an average customer rating. It is not family-friendly.
In the center of the city near The Sorrento, there is a family-friendly restaurant name Browns Cambridge offering Italian food.
It's not a family-friendly place but The Waterman in city centre has cheap but average Chinese food.
The Dumpling Tree is a children Friendly pub serving Italian food. You will find it near The Portland Arms.
The French coffee shop, Wildwood boasts low prices it has an average rating and is located near Ranch
The Golden Palace is a moderate priced restaurant.
Fitzbillies is an expensive restaurant near The Six Bells.
Fitzbillies - a coffee shop, has an average customer rating,  is family-friendly within a cheap price range, serves Italian food and is in the Riverside area
The Cricketers is a child friendly pub with a high customer rating.  It is located near the Ranch.
Cocum is a low rated, non family oriented coffee shop.
Cocum is a restaurant that is kid friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Loch Fyne is near The Rice Boat. It sells Italian food and has a high customer rating. It is near the riverside.
The Mill is a small Café which sells discount sushi on the river. it is just east of The Sorrento.
The Waterman is child friendly and serves Indian food near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
At Browns Cambridge you can drink soft drinks, eat burgers and also fries. Expect to pay a bit more than usual but the quality you get is really good.
The Golden Palace is a family-friendly restaurant located in riverside. 1 out of 5
Wildwood is a pub serving Italian food with a high customer rating and a price range of more than £30 per head.
There is a kid friendly pub near The Portland Arms called The Dumpling Tree which serves fast food.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is a non-kid friendly restaurant with moderate prices.
Zizzi is a family friendly, average Indian pub.
The family-friendly restaurant, The Plough, is located near the Express by Holiday Inn.
A place called The Rice Boat is located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café and is very cheap . The prices are less than 20.
Green Man is located in riverside area near All Bar One. It Children Friendly the price from £30.
The Olive Grove is a pub that provides Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in the riverside.
The Eagle is near Burger King in city center and is an Indian coffee shop . It has a price range is high, is kid friendly, and has an average customer rating.
The Fitzbillies is a highly rated expensive non-children friendly coffee shop that serves French food. It is located in the city centre.
The Green Man is an Indian restaurant with  average  prices located in the riverside near All Bar One. Not family friendly.
Midsummer House is a Fast food restaurant near All Bar One. It has a moderate price range and a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Eagle coffee shop, near Burger King in the city centre, has a price range of less than £20 and has a low customer rating.
Cocum is a child friendly Indian coffee shop, with high prices and average customer ratings.
The Wrestlers is a middle priced restaurant with 3 stars.  It is family friendly.
Near Café Brazil you will find a pub called The Cambridge Blue. It sells cheap Full English Breakfasts.
A high priced pub The Plough is located next to Café Rouge and family friendly.
The highly rated The Wrestlers serves Japanese food. It is not kid friendly and has a price range of £20-25.
There is a pub that serves French food The Waterman. They have low customer rating and they are in riverside.
The Vaults sells Indian food in the moderate price range. No, it is not family friendly
The Mill is a coffee shop near The Sorrento in the riverside area offering Italian cuisine priced high.
The coffee shop called Cocum is children friendly and serves French food. It is in the high price range and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Eagle is an Italian eatery with a high rating.
The Golden Curry is a Chinese restaurant with a fantastic customer rating of five out of five. It's in the city centre near Café Rouge, but is not family friendly.
Serving English food, the restaurant Loch Fyne is child friendly.
Strada is a sushi pub located near Yippee Noodle Bar. Rated 5 out of 5.
Clowns is a cheap family friendly restaurant located near Café Sicilia.
family-friendly French restaurant, The Waterman has a slightly higher than average price range and a low rating. It is located in the city centre.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop with high ratings and low prices. They are located north of the city.
Fitzbillies is an high price range Indian coffee shop that has average customer service its located near riverside.
The Waterman pub serves Italian food, has a high customer rating and is in the riverside area.
Giraffe is a restaurant located near The Six Bells with a price range £20-25.
The Mill is a pub serving Japanese food at more than £30 in the riverside area.
Near the Express by Holiday Inn there is an establishment called Fitzbillies. Prices are below average and customers gave it an average rating. It is not family-friendly.
The Punter is a local restaurant that offers Indian food for less than 20 pounds.
A five star rating The Phoenix is a five star restaurant
The Waterman, City center's one star pub has a river view.
Japanese  coffee shop Fitzbillies  with a cheap menu, an average customer rating.  Can be found in the riverside area, not recommended for families.
Located next to the Café Rouge, The Plough pub is a family friendly establishment known for good British food and cheap prices.
5 out of 5 customer rating, near Clare Hall in the riverside area  you will find Clowns, a coffee shop offering Japanese food.
The Twenty Two, near The Rice Boat in Riverside, has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and is kids friendly. Its price range is usually £20-25.
A family friendly coffee shop known as Cocum offers low price range food.
The Alimentum, a family friendly, mid priced restaurant offers fresh sushi.
The Rice Boat offers great take out and dining experiences and is located near Express by Holiday Inn.
If you want to dine out at a slightly higher priced restaurant you could dine on French Food at The Dumpling Tree where you can expect to pay £30 plus for your meal .
Located near The Bakers, children friendly restaurant called The Golden Curry offers high priced food.
Zizzi is a coffee shop in riverside. It is family friendly with high prices and low ratings.
There is a highly rated restaurant in the city centre called The Waterman. It serves English food at average prices. It is not family-friendly.
The Loch Fyne is a moderately-priced restaurant in Cambridge that serves sushi and seafood.
Located in the riverside area you will find a cheap Chinese restaurant with 5 of 5 ratings named The Phoenix.
Near Crown Plaza Hotel is an English yes called The Waterman
The Rice Boat is near Express by Holiday Inn its cheap its Italian and has 1 out of 5 stars.
Check out the Wildwood coffee shop 5 star rating and great reviews located conveniently  next to the Ranch.
Located in riverside near All Bar One is Green Man. It's a kid friendly Indian restaurant with dishes in the 20-25 pound range.
The Rice Boat is a 5 star burger and fries restaurant for th family, located on the river near Express by Holiday Inn.
The Phoenix Indian restaurant has a  higher price greater that £3o, the customer Rating is high and located in the city centre.
An Italian pub near the Yippee Noodle Bar is Strada but it has a low customer rating
In  the city centre there is a restaurant called The Rice Boat that has French food. It isn't family-friendly and its rating is average.
If you are looking for fine dining, Browns Cambridge is for you. It has a five out of five customer rating, but costs upwards of £30.
The Waterman is a cheap, Italian shop in riverside. It is not a child friendly zone with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Rice Boat is a Fast food restaurant.  It is located near Express by Holiday Inn, which is in riverside.  The customer rating is 1 out of 5, has a moderate price range, and not kid friendly.
Blue Spice in Riverside is kid friendly, in the moderate price range, and has a 3 out of 5 customer rating.
Browns Cambridge is a high class establishment that serves quality food items like escargot, wine, and fancy cheeses.
Strada is a pub with Italian food near Yippee Noodle Bar with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Blue Spice are offering cheap French food in the area Riverside.
The Rice Boat is at the riverside near Express by Holiday Inn. The prices are cheap, it is rated 5 out of 5 and it is family friendly. English food is served.
The Golden Curry is a family friendly curry house near Café Rouge. Located conveniently on the waterside, it has lower than average ratings.
Look no further than Midsummer House for French cuisine for less than £20.  Customers have rated this as average.  Midsummer House is located near All Bar One.
The Rice Boat offers 5 star French cuisine in a mature environment by the riverside.
The Punter is a fast food location in a cheap price range
The Twenty Two pub is  close to Café Sicilia.  It has a rating of three stars.
A kid Friendly pub by a riverside called The Olive Grove, with an average price Range service Japanese.
Browns Cambridge has a moderate price range with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Phoenix serves French food in the £20 - £25 price range is located in the Riverside area and has a 3 out of 5 customer rating
The Olive Grove is a pub for friends and family less than £20 price range. It is located in the city centre.
The Olive Grove is located in the city centre and is child friendly. It has a moderate price range and serves Italian food.
The Wrestlers is a  Italian restaurant that is family friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a Chinese restaurant in city centre near The Sorrento that is family friendly.
There is a coffee shop The Punter located near Café Sicilia serving French food with a price range of between £20-25. it has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and is kids friendly
Try Browns Cambridge located near the Crown Plaza Hotel. It is a family friendly, Italian restaurant and coffee shop with a low customer rating.
The high end Blue Spice is located in the city centre and serves English cuisine
The Golden Curry is a kids Friendly Fast food restaurant with a high customer Rating. It is in the riverside area near the Café Rouge.
Fitzbillies is a cheap, family friendly restaurant near Express by Holiday Inn. its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
The Cocum restaurant has average customer rating. It is children friendly.
Fitzbillies, the cheap, family-friendly, Italian coffee shop in the city centre has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a cheap family friendly, Italian, coffee shop.  It is located in riverside and can be found near Raja Indian Cuisine.
There is a restaurant called The Dumpling Tree serving Italian food at moderate prices.
The customer rating is low for The Golden Curry, a non-family-friendly French restaurant near Café Rouge, located by the riverside.
The Olive Grove, is located near the Grand Arcade and offers low-priced food and drink.
For Japanese food, go to The Phoenix on the riverside. Though it has a low customer rating.
Loch Fyne is a kid friendly Italian restaurant with a price range of £20-25.
Kid friendly Japanese food in a moderate price range can be found in city centre at Alimentum.
There is a one star restaurant Midsummer House located near All Bar One. It offers dine in mid priced food.
Adult only Fast food pub Giraffe located city center
Welcome to the The Waterman. We are not children friendly. Our food is English, and we are located on the riverside. Our price  range is moderate.
The Dumpling Tree is a French restaurant with an average price of £20-25.
Clowns is a moderately priced kid friendly restaurant near Café Sicilia.
A non family-friendly coffee shop with French food near The Portland Arms with a low customer rating is called The Cricketers.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop in the riverside area that receives average ratings from customers. It serves Japanese food, is kid friendly, and located near the Crowne Plaza Hotel.
In riverside, there is an establishment called Loch Fyne near The Rice Boat. It serves English food and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
There is an Italian restaurant called Blue Spice with a moderate price range situated by the riverside.
Loch Fyne is an Italian restaurant located in the riverside area near The Rice Boat, with a 1 out of 5 customer rating and is located near The Rice Boat.
The Waterman is an average family friendly, cheap priced Italian restaurant located near the riverside.
A high-priced Fast food restaurant is The Golden Curry. It is child-friendly and located near The Bakers.
Near The Sorrento in the riverside area, The Mill is a French coffee shop with cheap prices
The riverside The Waterman pub serves English food. It has a high customer rating.
Cocum is a family-friendly coffee shop . It offers food and beverage with low pricing and has average reviews.
A children friendly coffee shop that serves Indian food is Taste of Cambridge and is located near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Take your family by the river for good priced fast food at The Waterman.
With good reviews and low prices, Zizzi, near the river, welcomes families.
Browns Cambridge is a restaurant with Indian for more than £30 with high ratings.
The Cricketers has a rating of 3 out of 5, it is a child friendly pub near Ranch
Cocum is a family friendly pub with cheap meals. Not to brag, but we're also rated 5 out of 5.
The Punter is a coffee shop, is kid friendly, has Fast food, has a high rice range, 1 of 5 rating, near Café Sicilia.
The Eagle, in the city center, is a low costumer rating restaurant where you pay more than £30.
The Eagle is a Indian serving coffee shop with prices between £20 and £25. The customer rating is high with it being in the city centre near Burger King. Unfortunately, The Eagle is not kid friendly.
Rated 5 out of 5 by customers, The Phoenix is and Italian restaurant in the city centre.
The Phoenix offers hamburgers and French fries.  It has a three start rating.   It is inexpensive and is located near the river north of the city.
There is a French coffee shop by the riverside called Fitzbillies. Although not children friendly and prices more than 30, it is rated 5 out of 5.
In the city centre is the English restaurant Alimentum. With a cheap price range and average customer rating, it is located near Yippee Noodle Bar.
Loch Fyne is a kids friendly restaurant which serves moderately priced Indian food
Fitzbillies has high-priced traditional UK foods. Located near The Six Bells.
The Zizzi a child friendly Fast food pub with a customer rating of 1 out of 5
Find Strada, near Yippee Noodle Bar for three star Indian pub food.
Located near All Bar One, Midsummer House is a high priced Japanese restaurant that received a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
With 5 out of 5 customer rating, The Phoenix is  a city centre Chinese restaurant.
This is not a place to take the kids; it's not family friendly. Giraffe is an Indian pub in the riverside area.
Cocum is a pub that is not children friendly. The price range is more than 30. The customer rating is 5 out of 5.
If you're looking for a great place to eat, try Wildwood, a restaurant near Café Rouge with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 stars.
Blue Spice is an Italian restaurant located in the riverside area. Price range is 20-25 English sterling.
Green Man is a pub providing fast food near Café Rouge, in the city centre.
Near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre is an Indian coffee shop called Browns Cambridge, its family friendly and rated 5 out of 5.
In Riverside is an Indian pub called The Mill. It is inexpensive.
In Riverside, there is a fast food venue with a 1 out of 5 rating, called The Phoenix.
The Green Man is located on the riverside near All Bar One.  It serves cheap, family friendly English food.
A cheaper eatery in the riverside area, which is near Rainbow Vegetarian Café, is a pub called The Golden Palace.
In city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel there is a Fast food coffee shop named Taste of Cambridge, which is family-friendly.
There is a cheap Japanese establishment near All Bar One with a five out of five customer rating called Midsummer House.
There is a family-friendly coffee shop with low ratings in the city centre called Aromi  that serves Japanese food.
The Waterman is a highly-rated fast-food restaurant by the riverside which welcomes children. The average price range is £20-25.
The Golden Palace is a low-priced restaurant.
coffee shop fast food moderate price range area riverside eat type fast food The Mill The Sorrento
Blue Spice is located on the riverside area.  It has a high customer rating, a price range of £20-25, and is not kids friendly.
Loch Fyne is a child friendly restaurant that serves French food.
For family friendly, moderately priced Italian food there is Cocum coffee shop with a 3 out of 5 star rating.
Cocum is a moderate priced pub that is welcomes kids.  It has a customer rating 3 out of 5.
The Vaults is a restaurant providing fast food in the low price range. It is not suitable for families.
Highly priced Blue Spice is an Indian restaurant in the city centre.
Near Café Brazil there is a pub named The Cambridge Blue. For less that £20 they serve up French food.
Located in riverside This kid friendly pub The Olive Grove pub, offers Japanese food for around £20-25
Near Crowne Plaza Hotel there is a French restaurant that is family friendly called The Waterman.
The Golden Curry is a family-friendly restaurant. Located near Café Rouge.
The Olive Grove is a cheap pub located by the river. It is not family friendly.
Zizzi is a child-friendly coffee shop in the city centre. It has a price range of more than 30 pounds and a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
If you are looking for a family-friendly English restaurant in the city centre you should try The Alimentum
The Cambridge Blue public house, offering inexpensive Japanese food with Café Brazil nearby.
Cocum is a coffee shop of sushi food. We don't love the family, we have one star.
For somewhere cheap for all the family try The Waterman.
The low-rated, moderately priced Italian coffee shop, Fitzbillies is not kid friendly.
At the riverside is a Chinese place called The Phoenix. It has a high price range and is rated 1 out of 5 by customers.
The Olive Grove in the city centre is a children friendly, French food pub in the price range of more than 30.
The Phoenix is a 1-star rated noodle place near the river and Chesterton Rd.
Moderately priced Giraffe is a non family-friendly coffee shop, close to The Bakers, with a customer rating 1 out of 5
Alimentum is a well-received and loved restaurant in Riverside, near the Yippee Noodle Bar. It may have quite a price, but it makes up for it with wonderful Indian food and great service.
Strada is a low-priced wine bar. It is located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
For restaurants costing more than £30 in the riverside area, Blue Spice has a 5 out of 5 customer rating, and yes it is child friendly.
The Alimentum, located in city centre is moderately priced and kid friendly. They serve fast food.
The Waterman is an average riverside restaurant serving Japanese food.  its price range is under £20.
The Golden Curry is a Chinese food near Café Rouge in the city centre.  It has a low rating, and is family-friendly.
There is a 5 star restaurant called The Golden Curry that is family friendly  situated within the area which offers sushi.
Clowns is a coffee shop located in the Clare Hall with high customer rating .
Blue Spice is a family friendly restaurant in the riverside area. It is cheap and has an average price rating.
Loch Fyne is a restaurant with moderate prices. It's food is kids friendly
The Green Man is great place to go out for a fun night with the gals or the lads. In Riverside right near All Bar One  the cost of the fine Italian cuisine Is amazing for such great prices; prices under 20 dollars get the best bang for your buck at the Green Man
A none family-friendly coffee shop which serve French food called Aromi in riverside with and outstanding 5 out of 5 customer rating.
A high customer rated restaurant located in Riverside is The Golden Palace.
Italian food near Café Sicilia called The Punter has cheap pricing and has average ratings for a family friendly coffee shop.
The Waterman is located near the Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is a child friendly Japanese restaurant.
The Phoenix is a restaurant cheap rating in 5of5 located in the center of the city
A children friendly coffee shop by the riverside area is Aromi. It serves French food and has low  customer rating.
Near Café Sicilia by the riverside is a pub named The Twenty Two with a high customer rating.
The fast food restaurant The Eagle is highly satisfying, According to its customers.
This establishment is NOT children friendly and offers menu items in the price range is more than  £30.  This restaurant is called The Wrestlers and serves French food.  The Wrestlers have also received a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
The Punter is Japanese food restaurant which serve a vast array of delicious dishes for very competitive prices, usually less than £20.
The Olive Grove is a pub which offers moderate prices in the riverside area, adults only.
In riverside there is a restaurant named The Golden Palace; the rating is rather low.
Alimentum is a cheap Fast food restaurant in the Riverside area. It is family friendly.
The Wrestlers  is a coffee shop  providing Indian food  in the low price range. It is located in the city centre however not family friendly it is  near Raja Indian Cuisine.
Located at Riverside and with an average customer rating you will find The Golden Palace restaurant.
Wildwood is a low rated coffee shop near Ranch that is expensive.
Fitzbillies is situated near to the Express by Holiday Inn and offers prices less than £20. It is friendly for family and has an average customer rating.
The Punter is a Indian coffee shop with high prices located near Café Sicilia. Customer rating average.
Aromi is a coffee shop aimed towards adults with French food located in city center with a low rating.
The family friendly Japanese restaurant The Golden Curry has very low customer ratings
There is a cheap restaurant called Cotto for Japanese food, located close to Ranch.
Near Café Rouge, the cheap pub called The Plough serves Fast food and is family friendly.
Midsummer House near Café Rouge is a place for low rated fast food.
You can find average-priced Chinese food by the river at the kid-friendly Alimentum.
The Wrestlers is a Chinese restaurant with a moderate price range. It is not child friendly and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Golden Curry is a restaurant that offers native foods. It has been given a moderate rating from its customers and offers a kids friendly environment.
The Wrestlers coffee shop is a low-priced,  family friendly sushi restaurant located close to Raja Indian Cuisine.
Japanese food is offered at Midsummer House near Café Rouge with a 3 out of 5 customer rating.
Aromi coffee shop is not family friendly offering Indian cuisine. Aromi has a low customer rating. Located on the riverside.
Alimentum is an adults only restaurant with prices less than £20 serving English food located in the city centre.
Alimentum, is family friendly, and offers Indian food within a cheap price range. It is located in a riverside area.
Midsummer House is an average-rated venue near All Bar One selling Japanese food for less than £20.
The Olive Grove is a pub that provides Chinese food in the cheap price range. It is located in the riverside.
The Olive Grove is a family friendly pub serving French food located in the riverside area. The price range is less than £20.
The Golden Curry is a kid friendly venue near The Six Bells.
In the City Centre is the Browns Cambridge; a coffee shop serving Indian food. It is family friendly with a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is near the Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Alimentum is a high priced Indian restaurant in riverside. It is not child friendly.
In the riverside area , near Café Sicilia, is The Twenty Two pub. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Mill coffee Shop. It is located in the riverside near The Sorrento. Have cheap price range
Blue Spice is a cheap Fast food place in riverside.
The Olive Grove is an Italian and children friendly pub at the riverside with the price range of more than £30.
The Cocum coffee shop offers quality Asian food for the whole family at low prices.
Midsummer House serves a French food, and this French restaurant is locate  near Café Rouge. Midsummer House, but it has average rating.
Near Burger King is a 1 star medium priced coffee shop for families  called The Eagle.
There's an adult Fast food restaurant near the city centre called Alimentum, it has a moderate price.
In riverside near All Bar One there is a family friendly French restaurant called Green Man. It has an average price range of less than £20.
The Dumpling Tree is a fairly expensive sushi restaurant.
The Eagle is a cheap, average coffee shop that serves authentic Indian food. It is located in the city centre, near Burger King. The Eagle is not family friendly.
The Vaults is a great Italian restaurant with a moderate priced menu and is kid friendly.
Offering Japanese food The Eagle has a high customer rating.
The Twenty Two eatery serves Chinese dishes and is very kids friendly.
The Twenty Two is a moderately-rated adult establishment. Although it is high priced, it is conveniently located in the city centre near The Rice Boat.
The Eagle is a coffee shop with fast food in the city centre near Burger King. It has a low rating, however you can eat for less than £20.
The Wrestlers is a moderately priced, Italian coffee shop by the riverside. It is kid friendly and is located near Raja Indian Cuisine.
the Dumpling Tree is a restaurant serving Fast food, the price range Is high
In the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine is, The Wrestlers. A coffee shop serving Indian food. A not so family friendly restaurant with meals less than £20.
The Vaults is an expensive non children friendly Italian restaurant.
The Cambridge Blue is a a pub serving Italian food, near Café Brazil. Prices range from £20-£25.
The Waterman is an upscale, and highly rated, Chinese restaurant located centrally in Cambridge.
Italian coffee shop, Cocum, is moderately priced and rated and is not child friendly.
Alimentum is a moderately priced restaurant located near Yippee Noodle Bar.
The Olive Grove is a pub offering Chinese food. They are in the high price range, located riverside and are not children friendly.
Browns Cambridge serves French food and is children friendly. it is near the area riverside and near The Sorrento.
Visit the family friendly Green Man for cheap Indian cuisine down by the riverside, near All Bar One.
There is an average priced Japanese coffee shop called Wildwood in the city centre near Ranch
You can find good-quality food at a pub called Wildwood.
The Waterman pub is located near the riverside.  It serves Indian food and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
French style meals are served at Fitzbillies. It is by The Six Bells. The meal prices are average.
Offering Japanese style food, Fitzbillies is a family-friendly coffee shop with high prices and low customer ratings.
The Plough is a restaurant that welcomes families and is affordable, located behind The Bakers.
The Cambridge Blue is a pub serving fine-dining food at a moderate price.  Is it located by Café Brazil.
Clowns is a coffee shop located in riverside that serves French food. Its located near Clare Hall and has a low customer rating.
Located in the city centre near Café Brazil, The Vaults is a cheap coffee shop with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a 3 star, family friendly located close to Express by Holiday Inn
The Cambridge Blue Chinese restaurant received a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Strada is a pub near Yippee Noodle Bar, which serves English food. The customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Giraffe pub, serving Tapas and alcohol. No children.
For riverside, cheap, with a 5 out of 5 rating, try The Eagle.
The Wrestlers is a go-to Café for families and features moderately priced food for high-energy customers including families.  You can find The Wrestlers near Raja Indian Cuisine at City Centre.
The Twenty Two located in the city centre  is adult friendly serving English food.
Bibimbap House eatery along the river near Clare Hall  offers a breakfast menu at low prices.
There is a venue in the mid price range called Strada. It is a one-star venue and is not appropriate for families.
There is a place named The Twenty Two in the city near The Rice Boat that is children friendly with a price range of more than 30 euros and a customer rating  of 5 out of 5.
There is a cheap restaurant The Waterman in the city centre. It is family-friendly and has a customer rating 5 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a high-priced family friendly coffee shop that serves wines and cheeses. It is located in the City centre and is near by the Raja Indian Cuisine.
Cocum is a coffee shop that serves sushi. It is best for singles and couples. The price is about average when compared to other restaurants of the same type.
The Clowns is a coffee shop that serves Indian food; it has a high customer rating and its on the riverside near Clare Hall
The Waterman, a cheap five-star cheese and wine joint, is near the river. It is family friendly.
The Waterman is a family friendly Italian restaurant located along the riverside.  It is low-priced and has a five-star customer rating.
Loch Fyne is a kid-friendly English restaurant offering food in the £20-25 range.
There is a moderately priced restaurant The Waterman in riverside and they serve fast food. It has low customer ratings and it is not kids friendly.
The pub called Cocum is priced moderately. It is rated 1 out of 5 and is not kid friendly.
The Green Man is a cheap, family friendly venue that serve Indian Food in the city centre. They are located near All Bar One.
Cocum is a kids-friendly pub in the average price range with a high customer rating.
The Rice Boat is an Indian restaurant  in the city centre near the Express by Holiday Inn,  it is kid friendly highly rated and costs 20-25 euros.
The Waterman is a family friendly British restaurant with an average price range, located by the riverside in Cambridge
The Vaults Pub is close to Café Adriatic, it is five star rated and it has high prices
The Golden Palace is an Italian coffee shop on the river with moderate prices and great reviews.
Bibimbap House, in the riverside area, serves cheap English food.  It is located near Clare Hall.
There is a Chinese food restaurant in the centre of the city called Alimentum. It is not child friendly and costs less than  £20.
Green Man is a restaurant for Italian food. We are close to All Bar One.
Bibimbap House serves Indian food at a high price. It can be found riverside near Clare Hall.
The Olive Grove is an above-average priced pub serving French food. It is not kid friendly. It is located near riverside.
The Eagle is a Italian restaurant with a 3 star rating
The Phoenix is a Chinese restaurant in the riverside area. While the items on the menu tend exceed £30,  you can expect to be satisfied, as past patrons consistently give the restaurant high marks.
Rated 5 out of 5 by customers, Alimentum serves cheap Japanese food. Alimentum is located in the riverside area near Yippee Noodle Bar.
Browns Cambridge is near Crowne Plaza Hotel. Browns Cambridge has a three star rating. Browns Cambridge is a family coffee shop.
A 3 star coffee Shop The Cricketers, offers family friendly dining, and Food, Wine and Spirits. Just North of The Portland Arms.
Browns Cambridge offers Japanese food. It is located near The Sorrento in the city centre. It is not family-friendly.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop with a 5 star rating in city centre.
For French food in their coffee shop, Fitzbillies is in the higher price range yet child friendly with ratings of 3 out of 5 in the city centre.
Green Man is an Indian pub located in the city centre nearby Café Rouge.
Wildwood is a fast food coffee shop near the Ranch. It has a high customer rating, and food prices range from £20 to £25.
The Punter is a highly rated French venue
Offering fast food, The Waterman is kid friendly with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and a moderate price range.
The Golden Curry is a kid-friendly venue with low ratings that serves Fast food.
The Waterman is a French restaurant located in city centre. They are a little expensive but received a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
There's a cheap and family friendly  pub called The Plough. It's right be Café Rouge and they have Italian food.
Fitzbillies is a cheap restaurant near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
Midsummer House, close to All Bar One, providing 1 star value meals.
There is a popular coffee shop situated near Café Brazil, in the city centre, called The Vaults. Its price range is above the local average.
The Dumpling Tree is a pub, and it is not family-friendly. It serves fast food and is located near The Portland Arms.
the restaurant called Loch Fyne serves Indian food with a high price range and is child friendly
Fitzbillies is moderately priced Chinese, located near The Six Bells
In the riverside area is The Olive Grove serving English food for less than  £20 in the riverside area.
The restaurant Wildwood is children friendly.
The Alimentum is a costly place to eat near the city centre.  It is family oriented.
Near the river is a 3 star coffee shop named Fitzbillies, offering medium-priced fast food. It is suitable for families.
Midsummer House is a highly rated restaurant offering Chinese fare near Café Rouge.
Next to the Yippee Noodle Bar there is a moderately good restaurant called Alimentum.
Fitzbillies, located near The Six Bells serves Chinese cuisine for a high price.
The Olive Grove serves French food at affordable prices, it's a pub near riverside.
The Cambridge Blue is a pub serving Italian Food, it is near Café Brazil and prices range from £20-£25.
Loch Fyne serves English food in a high price range. Children are welcome
Located near The Bakers The Golden Curry serves Fast food with a price range of begin high, as well as not begin child friendly.
There is a fast food restaurant called The Vaults.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop near the Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre.  It serves Japanese food.  It is family-friendly.  The customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Children friendly Travellers Rest Beefeater restaurant is priced above average.
In the center of city, near Café Rouge is located The Golden Curry a restaurant average
Cotto is a coffee shop that serves Japanese food that is located on the riverside, near The Portland Arms, it has a consumer rating of 3 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge provides Chinese food in the high price range. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
There is an average-level family friendly fast food restaurant named The Waterman. It is located on the riverside.
Midsummer House serves low rated Indian food. It is expensive and located near All Bar One.
The Waterman, located in the city centre, is a kid friendly Italian restaurant with average prices and a moderate rating.
Taste of Cambridge is located in City centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel.  It is not a kid friendly restaurant.
The Olive Grove is a pub with Indian food with a high price in riverside
Not friendly for kids and with a customer rating of 1 out of 5, Fitzbillies restaurant is moderately prices and located near Express by Holiday Inn.
The Golden Palace coffee shop, located near the river, offers a wide assortment of menu items.
Cocum is a shop that provides high-priced coffee drinks. It is opened to all age groups.
The pub called The Olive Grove sells Indian food and the price range is less than  £20.  It is not family friendly and located in the center of the city.
The Waterman is a low rated French restaurant located in the city centre with a price range of less than £20. It is not family-friendly.
Fitzbillies is a highly rated coffee shop with some amazing Italian food that is kid friendly and is on the riverside with generously sized meals costing between 20-25 Euros.
The Rice Boat, Chinese restaurant, has a high price range, with a customer rating of 1 out of 5. Found in the City Centre, near Express by Holiday Inn. Not child friendly.
Aromi is a family friendly, French coffee shop located along the river. Other customers give it a rating of 3 out of 5.
The Aromi pub is children-friendly with a high customer rating, it is located in the riverside area.
Customers are giving a 5 out of 5 for the Italian food being served at The Phoenix which is located in a area called The Riverside.
The Punter is a coffee shop providing Indian food in the cheap price range. It is near Café Sicilia. Its customer rating is average.
Located in city centre, Bibimbap House is an Indian restaurant with a moderate price range. It is located near Clare Hall
The Phoenix is sited on a riverside and serves Indian. It has a moderate price range with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Serving fast food with a customer satisfaction rating of 1 out of 5, the moderately priced coffee shop Cotto is located at the city centre near The Portland Arms.
By the river, there is a cheap Japanese pub called The Mill.
In riverside near the All Bar One is the Green Man. Not a child friendly place serving you Indian food in the high price range.
The Twenty Two restaurant is located near The Rice Boat.  It is riverside.  Price range is high.  It is child friendly and the customer rating is average.
The Golden Palace  is a French food. It cost more than £30. It located near riverside. Customer rating of it is low. It's a coffee shop.
Fitzbillies is a not children friendly place. The menu is about £30 and over, and it is has a quite low rating. It is near the Express by Holiday Inn.
Fitzbillies is the place to come if you want the best Italian food, is near The Six Bells restaurant
The Punter is a fast food place which is very expensive.
If you're in the city centre and are looking to bring your kids to a poorly reviewed, moderately-priced Indian restaurant, The Waterman is an option.
Low rated but family-friendly, the The Rice Boat is in the city centre.
The Waterman is a French restaurant that is children friendly. Located near the Crowne Plaza Hotel.
There is a Japanese pub that charges between £20 and £25 called Wildwood. It gets a 3 out of 5 customer rating.
The Dumpling Tree pub, located near The Portland Arms, offers Japanese food. It is not family-friendly.
Aromi is a family pub in Riverside with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Waterman provides a French menu in the riverside area, but has a low customer rating, a high price range and is not child friendly.
A kid friendly coffee shop is The Cricketers. It sells Indian food and has a 1 out of customer rating. It is near The Portland Arms.
There is a 5 out of 5 fast food place in riverside.  It is called The Phoenix.
Located in Riverside is The Olive Grove pub which has great Japanese food. The price range is lover that £20 and they are also family friendly.
Alimentum sells fast food in the city centre at a moderate price range. Not suitable for children.
Near the Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area, there is a child friendly coffee shop, Browns Cambridge.  Rated as average, it offers fast food fare.
The Plough is a public restaurant for all family located near Café Rouge
English food is found at Midsummer House which is found near Café Rouge.  its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Strada, located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café, is a well-respected family-friendly restaurant that serves Chinese food at reasonable prices.
Fast food down by the riverside: The Rice Boat is family friendly and is near to Express by Holiday Inn. It has a low customer rating.
Located near Café Rouge, The Golden Curry serves Chinese and has customer rating of 5 out of 5.  Unfortunately it is not family friendly.
All adults are welcome at The Plough pub where you only pay low prices. The pub offers great Asian cuisine and is located next to Café Rouge.
Cocum is a family-friendly pub with lower than average prices and an average customer rating.
The Wrestlers is an inexpensive restaurant for Italian food.
The Golden Curry is not family-friendly but its French food is highly rated.
3 star rated fast food at Cocum coffee shop.  Expensive, but families welcome
Blue Spice, a Japanese restaurant in the £20-25 price range, is located in the riverside area.
There is a family friendly restaurant near The Bakers called The Golden Curry which offers cheap food.
Blue Spice is a not children-friendly place but has a good rating, the prices are high and its on the city centre
Fitzbillies is an expensive wine tasting place located next to The Six Bells.
The Vaults is a Fast food styled restaurant.
Alimentum,Chinese food, price range high,area riverside,child friendly
The Cricketers is a Japanese restaurant near All Bar One
The Plough is a highly priced pub which is located near Café Rouge that serves Indian food.
The Plough is a Chinese food pub that is adult only and has a price range of less than £20, located near Café Rouge.
The Rice Boat is moderately priced and is located in the city centre area near Express by Holiday Inn.  They have an average rating of 1 out of 5, are not friendly for kids and serve French food.
The Wrestlers is a Japanese coffee shop in City centre near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Rice Boat serves English food and is situated in riverside
The Punter is a  coffee shop where you can get Indian food. Prices average from £20-25. High customer rating and child friendly. Located near Café Sicilia.
Near The Rice Boat, there's an Italian food place in riverside with average rating named Loch Fyne.
Taste of Cambridge provides French food and is not family-friendly. Located in the city centre near the Crowne Plaza Hotel it provides a coffee shop atmosphere.
The Twenty Two is a fast food restaurant which is family friendly.
The moderately priced restaurant serves Indian. The customers rate it one out of five. It is called The Strada. The Strada is located near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
Riverside has an average-rated, less than £20 named The Eagle.
There is a coffee shop near The Portland Arms called The Cricketers which serves French food. It has a poor customer rating of 1 out of 5 but it is child-friendly.
The Travellers Rest Beefeater is a five star restaurant located near the river.  This is a high price place to dine.  Next to it is the Café Adriatic.
The Golden Palace coffee shop is close to the City center. It is medium priced, rated five stars and serves Japanese style food.
near the Express by Holiday Inn in the city centre there is a fast food place that is not child friendly with a high price range and average customer rating called The Rice Boat
Named The Wrestlers, this children friendly coffee shop serves Japanese food  for a price range of more than  £30. It's locates near Raja Indian Cuisine on the riverside.
There is a restaurant that offers English food and is family-friendly known as the The Golden Curry.  It has a high customer rating of 5 out of 5 and is located in the city centre area near Café Rouge.
In the City Centre, you will find a cheap, three star coffee shop called The Golden Palace.
The Waterman serves cheap French food and is rated 5 out of 5. It is in riverside, but it is not family-friendly.
The Waterman is a low-cost, 3-star, family friendly restaurant near the river that serves wines and cheese.
The Olive Grove is a pub located in city centre. They are kid friendly and are moderately priced.
The Phoenix provides Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
Strada is a British restaurant that provides high quality food for a low price. Located near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café, it is family friendly.
Cocum is a non-family-friendly pub. It has a price range of less than £20 and a low customer rating.
The Plough restaurant is near the Express by Holiday Inn and is family friendly.
At The Vaults you can eat fast food in a family friendly setting for less than 20 pounds.
The Eagle is non family-friendly coffee shop serving Japanese food at average prices.  Located near the Burger King at the city centre.
With a price range of less than £20, Green Man Japanese is near All Bar One. We are located in the city centre area and are not family-friendly.
The cheap Indian restaurant, Green Man is located at riverside near All Bar One and is family friendly.
The customer Rating is average and the name of the restaurant is Travellers Rest Beefeater located in riverside near Café Adriatic. Their prices varies from less than 20 euros.
The Olive Grove is a cheap, family-friendly pub in the city centre which offers Italian style food.
The Rice Boat is a restaurant located in the city centre near Express by Holiday Inn that serves Indian food.
Cheap Japanese food is available near Café Rouge at the family friendly pub The Plough.
The Rice Boat is a restaurant of food located in riverside, rating low
Ranging between £20-£25, Clowns is a pub in the city centre with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Eagle is a family friendly coffee shop located near Burger King.  It has 3 stars.
Aromi is a restaurant in the riverside area, serving Japanese food.
near The Six Bells there is a moderate priced British Café called Fitzbillies
Near The Rice Boat in riverside there is a place with English food called Bibimbap House.
Browns Cambridge is a  place where you can eat affordable meals. Browns Cambridge has been rated  three stars.
There is a pub named Aromi in riverside that is children friendly. It has an average customer rating.
Customers love The Golden Curry, it's a great place to take family or invite friends, the French dining experience is amazing.
Alimentum serves French food with moderate price ranges in the riverside area near the Yippee Noodle Bar customer rating 1 out of 5
Aromi is not a family-friendly coffee shop. They serve fast food, are located in Riverside and are rated 5 out of 5.
Café Rouge, near Midsummer House, sells fast food and has an average customer rating.
The Golden Curry provides a highly rated, family friendly venue for Indian food in the city centre, near Café Rouge.
There is a Japanese food coffee shop called Cotton in the city centre near The Portland Arms. The price range is more than 30 pounds, and it has a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
If you're looking for a child friendly coffee shop in the riverside area then try Browns Cambridge. It is highly rated at 5 out of 5 and serves Japanese food. It's located near the Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Located near All Bar One, Midsummer House is a restaurant offering English food under 20 pounds with low customer ratings.
The Golden Curry is located near The Bakers.  It is kid friendly and a high priced restaurant.
Aromi is a family friendly coffee shop located in the Riverside area. The coffee shop serves fast food and has a high customer rating.
You can eat for less than £20 at Bibimbap House, which is in the riverside area near Clare Hall.
In the area of Riverside a restaurant named The Eagle has a customer rating of 3-5 with  the price range of moderate.
Cotto is a coffee shop providing Indian food in the £20-25 price range. It is located in the riverside. It is near The Portland Arms. Its customer rating is high.
Fast food coffee shop called The Eagle in riverside area near Burger King; not family-friendly, low cost and low customer rating.
Alimentum, a very reasonably priced family friendly eatery, serves Japanese cuisine close to the river.
There is a family friendly restaurant The Rice Boat in city centre.
There is a family friendly English pub called Giraffe in riverside.
There is a pub known as Clowns in the riverside area. The price range is high, and it is known to have a customer rating of average.
In Riverside, there is a restaurant called, Travellers Rest Beefeater, near Café Adriatic. Its customer ratings are low and the price range is more than £30.
Aromi is a restaurant in the riverside area that serves Chinese food.
Next to the Ranch, there is a  moderately priced coffee shop called Wildwood.
French food Café Blue Spice has a price range more than £30 and is located in city centre.
The Rice Boat is a fast food restaurant in the riverside area that is not family-friendly and has a low customer rating.
The Mill is a pub with a price Range of £20-25 that has Chinese food in a riverside area
The Mill is a pub that serves French food. It is located in riverside and has a moderate price range.
Wildwood is an expensive pub that offers wine and spirits.
The Mill is a pub serving superb Japanese cuisine for less than £20 in the city centre
Strada, near Yippee Noodle Bar, offers poorly-rated Indian pub food.
The Eagle is a Japanese style coffee shop in the price range less than £20 with a low customer rating. It is located on the riverside near Burger King.
Midsummer House is near the All Bar One that has a customer rating 1 out of 5 for its French food is in the moderate price range.
The Golden Curry, a children friendly Japanese restaurant.
A Fast food pub is Strada, a Yippee Noodle Bar with a high customer rating
The Phoenix offers Italian food in a riverside location with high customer ratings.
Indian food 3 out of 5 moderate The Phoenix city centre.
There is a Fast food called Browns Cambridge near The Sorrento on a riverside. It is a kids-friendly place.
Alimentum provides Indian food in the more than £30 price range. It is located in the city centre. It is near Yippee Noodle Bar. Its customer rating is high.
Adjacent to All Bar One is a family friendly Chinese restaurant called Green Man, which is known for having reduced prices.
The Waterman is located near the Crowne Plaza Hotel, is kid-friendly and serves Japanese food.
Near Café Rouge in the city center is where The Golden Curry is located it is non family-friendly  but with a customer rating 5 out of 5 and Italian food who could go wrong.
Alimentum is a high priced family sit-down restaurant near the river.  It is located north of City centre.
With prices in an area of 20-25 £ u can find French food in a place rated 3 out of 5 by the customers, called Browns Cambridge.
Fitzbillies is a Fast food restaurant and coffee shop in riverside area with an average price range of £20-25. It has a high customer satisfaction rating, and is not kids-friendly.
The Waterman pub is located near the river.
Loch Fyne restaurant has a child friendly environment and is loved by families.
The riverside Avalon area hosts a child friendly coffee shop called Blue Spice, customers rated it 1 out of 5, citing high prices
The Waterman, with a price range of £20-25, is not kid friendly, is near the riverside, serves English food and has a high customer rating.
Close to Café Brazil, The Cambridge Blue pub serves delicious Vegetable and Cheshire Cheese Lasagna for the cheap price of £9.50. Delicious Pub food.
The Plough is a pub that provides Chinese food in the high price range. It is near Café Rouge.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop located in the riverside area near the Crown Plaza Hotel.  This child friendly  restaurant serves Japanese food and has a low rating.
Fitzbillies, an average rated,  family-friendly coffee shop in the city centre serving low cost Italian food.
Alimentum is a moderate priced French eatery in the city centre. It is kid friendly.
Blue Spice is a French restaurant with moderate prices  in city centre.
The Rice Boat is an expensive, family friendly restaurant that serves fast food near Express by Holiday Inn by the river.
Alimentum is an establishment that serves fast food. It is located near Yippee Noodle Bar. It has a low price rang and has received average reviews.
The Rice Boat is a Japanese restaurant in the riverside area near Express by Holiday Inn. They aren't kid friendly, but they are highly rated with average prices.
In the city centre near Burger King, there  is a cheap coffee shop called The Eagle. It is family-friendly and has a customer rating of three out of five.
There is a costly fast food center called The Waterman located in the city centre which has average customer rating and not child friendly.
Aromi is a fast food type coffee shop. It is not family-friendly and has average customer ratings. It is located in the city center.
Blue Spice is in riverside with prices in the £20-25 range.
Blue Spice is a restaurant in the city centre with a price range less than L20.
The Rice Boat serves Italian food. It is located in the city centre area near Express by Holiday Inn. Rated 1 out of 5. Kid friendly. With high prices.
The Olive Grove is a kid Friendly pub by the riverside with an average price Range.
The Cambridge Blue is a 1 out of 5 rated Chinese restaurant.
Located just outside the city centre, next to the River, Alimentum is a typically British breakfast pub. Located next to Yippee Noodle Bar, this is poorly-rated but also very inexpensive pub.
Blue Spice in the city centre, serving Japanese food at affordable prices.
Midsummer House is a cheap restaurant that serves Chinese food near All Bar One. It has an average customer rating
Average family-friendly Japanese restaurant, The Rice Boat in the city centre near Express by Holiday Inn, cost 20 euros or less.
Moderately priced, and no kids allowed. Alimentum is a Japanese restaurant located on the riverside.
There's a coffee shop that serves Indian food in the city centre, Taste of Cambridge. It's down near Crowne Plaza Hotel, although it doesn't allow kids.
Cocum coffee shop provides Indian food in the higher price range. It has high customer ratings, but is not suitable for children
Near The Sorrento, the Taste of Cambridge is a family friendly pub. It is located in the riverside area.
Travellers Rest Beefeater in the riverside area near Café Adriatic has a high price Range and customer Rating 3 out of 5.
The Rice Boat serves Chinese food and has a low customer rating. It is found in the riverside area and is not family friendly.
Bibimbap House serves French cuisine near The Rice Boat in the riverside area.
Fitzbillies coffee shop has a one-star rating as a family-friendly burger and fry  joint with high prices.
Cotto is a five-star rated restaurant and coffee shop, located near The Portland Arms in Cambridge. It serves a medium-priced menu that includes seafood and sushi.
A family friendly pub that serves Italian and is located by The Portland Arms is The Dumpling Tree.
There is a family friendly restaurant called Strada near Rainbow Vegetarian Café that offers food at a moderate price.
The Cocum coffee shop offers more than coffee but burgers and fries as well and its affordably priced.
Aromi is a coffee shop that is not family-friendly, serves French food, is by the riverside and has a low rating.
The Olive Grove is a non family-friendly pub. They have French food with prices less than it is in the riverside area.
The Rice Boat is a riverside French venue located near Express by Holiday Inn, its children friendly,  high price range and a customer rating 3 out of 5.
The Golden Curry Is  a fast food Place located near Café Rouge , located in Riverside. The place is kid friendly and has a customer rating of 3-5.
Cotto is a coffee shop providing Indian food in the high price range. It is located in the riverside. It is near The Portland Arms. Its customer rating is average.
A restaurant that is not family friendly in the city centre near the Express by Holiday Inn is the The Rice Boat. It serves Indian food for less than £20 a meal.
The Wildwood is a local pub serving Indian food. Prices range 20-25 with a high customer rating.
Strada is not child friendly, has English food, the price range is high, has a 1 out of 5 customer rating, and is near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
The Rice Boat is a children friendly fast food restaurant located in Riverside. It is in the price range of more than  £30 and is located near Express by Holiday Inn.
5 out of 5 rated child friendly The Eagle, serves Japanese food in a coffee shop at higher than normal prices. Located in the City Centre near Burger King.
The Twenty Two is an Italian restaurant in the riverside area.  It is kids friendly.
There is a restaurant called The Phoenix. They are located at the city centre. They serve Japanese food, have a customer rating of 3 out of 5, and their price ranges from L20-25.
Cocum Pub is kid-friendly with moderate price range.  Customers rate this 1 out of 5.
No, Aromi is French restaurant with coffee shop located in the city centre with rank 5 out of 5
The Punter is a coffee shop serving Japanese food and having a cheap price range and a 5 out of 5 customer rating. It can be located near Café Sicilia but is not family-friendly.
Fast food is available at cheap prices at The Wrestlers. Customers have given it a 5 out of 5 rating, but it is not family-friendly.
Cocum is a moderately priced Italian coffee shop that gets low ratings, and is child friendly.
The Cocum coffee shop is my favorite place in town.
The Twenty Two serves kids and adults.  It serves Chinese food and it's in the city centre.
Giraffe is a family friendly coffee shop in the city centre, close to The Bakers.  It is moderately priced and has a customer rating 3 out of 5.
Bibimbap House is located near Clare Hall in city centre. Their food is French type with average price.
In the city centre, near to Burger King, is the highly rated coffee shop called The Eagle, which serves Japanese food. It is not child friendly and is in the more than  £30 range.
A highly priced, very well rated Japanese restaurant called The Rice Boat is near Express by Holiday Inn in the city center.
Browns Cambridge is an Indian coffee shop that is kid-friendly and high-rated by customers. It is located in riverside, near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
The Waterman Pub on the riverside offers a guest rating of  3 out of 5 stars for their Italian cuisine.
There is a Chinese food restaurant called The Waterman near the city centre. It is not family friendly and has a low customer rating with a price range of less than £20.
There is a cheap Japanese restaurant located near The Bakers. Its name is The Golden Curry and it is not family-friendly.
The Strada is a pub which sells Indian food and it is near the Yippee Noodle Bar. It has an average customer rating.
Whilst customer reviews of The Waterman are not glowing, it is family-friendly and offers reasonably-priced Italian food in a riverside setting.
coffee shop and Indian restaurant, Aromi, is found in Riverside, with an average customer rating.
Bibimbap House serves English food in the riverside area near The Rice Boat
Cotto is a coffee shop in the low price range.
In Riverside, near The Portland Arms, there is a children-friendly and expensive restaurant called The Punter.
The Phoenix, a Chinese food restaurant, serves dishes moderately priced, received a 1 out of 5 customer rating,  and is found in the Riverside area.
Come eat at Loch Fyne, a cheap, family friendly restaurant serving English food.
There is a fast food joint in the Riverside area named Alimentum. It's for adults only.
Close to the Express by Holiday Inn is a restaurant in the mid price range called The Rice Boat.
The Mill is a  moderate pub that delivers Japanese food. It is located in the city centre near of The Sorrento.
Zizzi is a 3 star family safe pub restaurant.
A high rated pub Clowns has average priced meals and is located in the city centre.
Alimentum is located in the city center, by the mid-range Chinese restaurant Yippee Noodle Bar. Rated 3 of 5.
Midsummer House near All Bar One serves moderate priced Italian food. Customer Rating : 3 of 5.
There is a kid friendly Fast food place called The Waterman near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
The Twenty Two is near The Rice Boat. It  is located in the riverside.
Cocum is a Japanese coffee shop with low ratings, moderate price range and not kid friendly. It has a 1 out of 5 customer rating.
A kid friendly restaurant is Strada that serves fast food and is near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.  The price range is moderate and the customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Alimentum is a high-priced Fast food service with a customer rating average, is close to Yippee Noodle Bar
The Rice Boat offers fast food. It has low prices and average customer ratings. It is family-friendly. It is located near the Express by Holiday Inn
Cotto serves Indian food near Ranch. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and is child friendly.
The Waterman is an English pub located along the riverside.  Average customer rating.
The Rice Boat is a family friendly Japanese restaurant located on the riverside, however it has a low customer rating.
Strada, near Rainbow Vegetarian Café, offers average-rated Chinese food in its child-unfriendly restaurant.
restaurant named Fitzbillies, which is a family friendly coffee shop with a price range of less than £20, is providing Italian food in the riverside. Customer rating is low.
Based in the city centre, The Waterman serves moderately priced English food it is not child friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Dumpling Tree is a family friendly pub selling English food. It is located near The Portland Arms.
The children friendly coffee shop that has French food near Crowne Plaza Hotel on the riverside is Taste of Cambridge.
Fast food restaurant Loch Fyne is Family friendly.
Giraffe is a coffee shop that is cheap, family friendly, and has a fair customer rating near The Bakers
The Mill is a cheap restaurant, located on the riverside, they serve Fast food. It's a pub.
The Golden Palace is a moderately priced coffee shop with high customer ratings. It is family friendly and located in the city centre.
This venue is named Cotto, the food served here includes Indian and is also found to be kid friendly as well. It has a great location by the Ranch but the rating it received was a one out of five.
Aromi pub in riverside has a high customer rating and is kids-friendly.
This cheap riverside eatery, The Rice Boat,  specializes in Italian food and has a 5 out of 5 rating to prove it.  It is near the Express by Holiday Inn in riverside and is not family-friendly.
The Strada is a poorly rated moderate price French food restaurant that is not child friendly. It is located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
For a cheap priced pub with a customer rating of 5 out of 5, try The Vaults near Café Adriatic.
The Eagle has Japanese food and is located in riverside near Burger King. It is a children friendly coffee shop and has a price range more than £30 and a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Located in the center of the city is a place  that is children friendly has a price range of more than 30 euros with a low customer rating named Blue Spice.
Loch Fyne provides Chinese food It is located in the riverside. It is near The Rice Boat. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
There is a highly rated Indian pub in the city centre called The Waterman.
A coffee shop near Ranch that serves Italian food in the cheap price Range is Wildwood.  It has an average customer Rating.
There is a Fast food eatery, with a high customer rating and a price range of £20 - £25 named Browns Cambridge.
Near The Bakers is The Golden Curry.  They do Japanese food, though with high prices.  It is child friendly though.
Located in the riverside area near Clare Hall is an Indian restaurant called Bibimbap House with prices less than 20 pounds.
The Rice Boat is a family-friendly Japanese restaurant in city centre that is usually less than £20 but has a low rating. It is near the Express by Holiday Inn.
Yes, The Rice Boat is kids friendly with a 3 out of 5 customer rating. It serves Japanese food, located near Express by Holiday Inn and the price range from £20-25.
Cocum is an average restaurant and not family-friendly.
A child friendly, Indian coffee shop, Cocum, is rated high by customers and is in the price range of more than 30 pounds.
Midsummer House is a fast food restaurant near All Bar One. It has a cheap price range and customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Dumpling Tree is an English food restaurant. The price range is £20-25.
Fitzbillies coffee shop serves Indian food within the price range of £20-25 and has a high customer rating. It is in the city centre and is kid friendly.
There is a cheap English food place called Alimentum. It is located by the river side near Yippee Noodle Bar, and has received an average customer rating.
Cocum  rated 5 out of 5 is a cheap French coffee shop which is not family-friendly.
Giraffe is a family friendly Japanese pub in Riverside.
The Eagle is a low cost low  rating restaurant. The Chinese restaurant is fairly new so please stop by.
Green Man provides Chinese food in the high price range. It is located in the riverside. It is near All Bar One.
The Phoenix is an Italian restaurant in riverside with a high rating.
Loch Fyne is a kid friendly restaurant serving Italian food
There is a cheap Fast food restaurant that is not family-friendly near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café. It is called Strada, and it has an average rating.
Located in the city center, The Twenty Two is a hight price restaurant whit a low rating, located near The Rice Boat, and in the city center, this restaurant is not a good place for children
Aromi is a pub with a one star rating. It is not family friendly.
There is a cheap Fast food restaurant with a low price range of items less than £20. It is called The Vaults and is not family-friendly.
Chinese food for a pretty penny, is what you can find at the Loch Fyne, for all ages.
Strada provides Chinese food in the cheap price range. It is near Rainbow Vegetarian Café. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
There is a good quality sushi restaurant Alimentum. It is located near Yippee Noodle Bar.
The Rice Boat has a low customer rating but is family-friendly. We have a price range of less than £20, and offer English food. Located on the city centre area near Express by Holiday Inn.
Aromi is an average, family friendly pub near the riverside.
The Wrestlers is an Indian coffee shop providing meals less than £20. It is located near the riverside and Raja Indian Cuisine and is non family friendly.
Loch Fyne offers a family friendly  and affordable Japanese dining experience.
The Mill is a pub serving French food on the riverside with a price range of more than £30.
The Travellers Rest Beefeater is near Café Adriatic in the city centre with a low customer rating and a price range of less than £20.
For a medium priced menu, look no further than The Punter.
Fitzbillies is a kid friendly, fast food coffee shop in the city centre with a moderate price and a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Cocum is a kid-friendly pub with a high rating.
Strada, with a customer rate of 3 out of 5 is a high priced restaurant.  It is not child friendly.
Fitzbillies is a cheap restaurant located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
Near Crowne Plaza Hotel, riverside, there is a children friendly Italian coffee shop named Taste of Cambridge.
Blue Spice offers French food in riverside with a price range between £20-25.
Cotto is a restaurant close to Ranch.  It is highly rated and family friendly.
Strada is a restaurant aimed at older which serves well priced quality English food. It is located near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
The Twenty Two is a Chinese restaurant and is family oriented.
The Eagle is a French coffee shop near Burger King in the riverside area with a customer rating of five out of five. It is not children friendly and has a price range of more than £30.
The Vaults is a mid-priced coffee shop located near Café Brazil on the river.
For an expensive meal, The Golden Palace pub is situated near Rainbow Vegetarian Café in the riverside area.
There is a family friendly French food location near Ranch.  It is called Cotto and has a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
In the riverside area, near Café Brazil, is a coffee shop named The Vaults. The prices are moderate  and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Cocum is an average rated coffee shop that provides French food  in less than £20. It is not family-friendly.
The Clowns is an expensive pub, with a low customer rating, located by the riverside.
The Rice Boat is a kid friendly French eatery at the riverside that receives high customer ratings.
The Vaults is an expensive restaurant serving British-style food that is also family friendly.
The Wrestlers is a kid friendly restaurant with a 1 out of 5 customer rating providing English food in the moderate price range.
Not suitable for families, Loch Fyne is an cheap spaghetti restaurant.
Browns Cambridge a French restaurant in the more than £30 range has low customer rating.
The French restaurant Alimentum near Yippee Noodle Bar has a low customer rating but costs more than 30 pounds.
The Cheap restaurant, The Dumpling Tree, serves Indian food.
Green Man is a cheap Italian restaurant near All Bar One.
The Eagle is a family coffee shop that serves fast food. It is poorly rated and moderately expensive and located near Burger King.
A Chinese pub, The Mill, is located in the city centre. It is in the high price range.
With a customer rating of 1 out of 5 the riverside The Waterman serves British food. It is cheap but not family friendly.
Cocum is a family friendly coffee shop with a five star rating. It is moderately priced.
Blue Spice is a cheap restaurant in riverside.
A pub named The Olive Grove  has moderate prices its located by riverside and is kid friendly.
Midsummer House serves Indian food. It is 5 out of 5 and near Café Rouge.
The Phoenix is a French restaurant located on the river.
Alimentum isn't near the Yippee Noodle Bar in the city Centre. It serves cheap Indian food with an average customer rating.
The Waterman serves expensive Indian food in the city centre. It is not child friendly and has 1 out of 5 for customer ratings.
The Vaults is a fast food venue that is kid friendly with a moderate price range.
The Cotto is near The Portland Arms. It serves French food in the £20-25 price range. It has a coffee shop style and is near the riverside with a customer rating of 3 out of 5
Green Man has a moderate price range. Its near riverside and is kid friendly.
Raja Indian Cuisine is close to a competitor The Wrestlers where Indian food is served for less than £20 a plate in the riverside area not to families
Browns Cambridge is a riverside Japanese coffee shop near Crown Plaza Hotel that is kid friendly and is rated 1 out of 5 stars.
An Italian coffee shop 'Fitzbillies' in the city centre, has a customer rating of 1 out of 5, isn't child friendly and has high pricing.
The Cricketers is a coffee shop located near The Portland Arms. It is an adults only location that serves Italian food.  It has a low customer rating.
There is a Fast food coffee shop near Clare Hall in the city centre called Clowns. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a Fast food coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area. It is children friendly with a price range more than £30 per head.
Yes, the The Golden Curry is family-friendly they serve Italian food and are located near the Café Rouge in the city centre. They have a low customer rating.
Aromi is a one star, family friendly coffee shop located on the river in City centre.
Wildwood coffee shop is a moderate priced, one star restaurant that offers French food near Ranch.
Located in the riverside area, Alimentum is child friendly and serves fast food at a price range of £30 and above.
In the riverside is The Phoenix that has a French food and a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Come to The Punter for cheap English eats.
Moderately priced, located in the center of the city, The Mill serves fast food in a Pub setting.
Browns Cambridge, near the Crowne Plaza Hotel, is a highly-rated and child-friendly coffee shop and fast food restaurant by the river.
Go to The Phoenix in the middle of town for five star Indian food.
The Golden Curry provides Chinese food in the more than £30 price range. It is near The Bakers.
Strada is a good family restaurant which is also sensible in price.
Zizzi is a pub providing Chinese food Its customer rating is low.
A family friendly pub called Zizzi serves pasta and has a three star rating.
A restaurant called Cotto serves traditional English food. It is located near Café Rouge.
The Cricketers is a coffee shop is family friendly serving fast food. Has an average customer rating and is located near 'The Portland Arms'.
There is a fast food venue with a low customer rating called The Eagle.
Green Man offers English food in their a child-friendly restaurant near All Bar One in the riverside area.
Browns Cambridge serves Japanese food. They are located in the area of city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel. They have  an average customer rating. They are family-friendly and is a coffee shop.
Aromi is a fast-food restaurant that is located by the riverside.
The Wrestlers is a fast food restaurant that does not cater for children. The price range is high, and costumers rate it average.
In riverside, The Rice Boat serves Italian food.
The Punter is low priced.  It is located below the river near The Portland Arms.  This is not a family restaurant.
There is a cheap restaurant Blue Spice located north of the centre of the city that provides take-away deliveries.
near the Express by Holiday Inn is Fitzbillies which has a price range of less than £20 and a low customer rating. it is not family-friendly.
The Waterman offers French food near Crowne Plaza Hotel and is kid friendly.
Near Clare Hall, at the riverside, there is a French food serving restaurant called Bibimbap House.
A Japanese pub for adults named The Olive Grove is located in the riverside area. Meals start at £30.
Browns Cambridge is a highly rated and moderately priced restaurant.
Browns Cambridge with an excellent customer rating is located near Crowne Plaza Hotel in riverside.  It is an Italian coffee shop.
The Vaults providing French Food, more than £30 price range.
The Cambridge Blue has an average customer rating and is an English food restaurant.
The Golden Palace is a moderately priced coffee shop serving fast food with a low customer rating located in the city centre.
The Rice Boat is located in the riverside area near Express by Holiday Inn. It serves Japanese food and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.  However, it is not child friendly and costs more than £30.
The Twenty Two in riverside serves French food in a family friendly atmosphere.
The Waterman is a lowly rated fast food restaurant in Luton suitable for adults -- moderate food bracket.
Near Burger King in city center there is an Indian coffee shop called The Eagle. It has a price range is high, is kid friendly, and has an average customer rating.
Giraffe is a pub that provides Indian food It is located in the riverside.
The Travellers Rest Beefeater located near the Café Adriatic in the riverside area, offers a price range of over £30 but has a high customer rating.
The Twenty Two serves Indian food and is suitable for families.
Yes, there is restaurant Italian with the rank 1 out of 5 in the riverside is The Rice Boat
Cotto is a low rated kid friendly Chinese place near Ranch.
The Loch Fyne restaurant is child friendly and has a typical fast food menu.
A kid friendly pub, The Cricketers, is located near a Ranch and has a rating 5 out of 5.
The Punter serves Chinese food and is moderately priced.
The Twenty Two is one star restaurant near The Rice Boat. It is in the high price range. Public restrooms available.
Giraffe is a children-friendly coffee shop near The Bakers with average ratings
Fitzbillies is a family friendly restaurant offering a less than £20 price range. They are located near Express by Holiday Inn. Low customer rating.
The Plough is a family friendly pub serving food at mid range prices.  It is near the Café Rouge.
The Waterman is a Chinese restaurant. it has cheap prices. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
For high end Japanese food visit Fitzbillies, close to The Six Bells.
Fitzbillies is a moderate priced restaurant located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café. It offers many foods.
The Waterman provides Chinese food in the high price range. It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Green Man is family-friendly costs less than £20 near All Bar One in the city centre and does fast food.
The Olive Grove pub and Italian restaurant in the city centre has a high price range and is not children-friendly.
Located in the city centre near All Bar One is the Green Man Indian foods, priced less then £20.
With a moderate price range there is a French restaurant named Blue Spice. Located near the riverside.
Both kid friendly and average, The Golden Curry is an English restaurant.
Japanese food with a high customer rating, can be obtained at this kids friendly restaurant called The Wrestlers, a t a price range of about  £20-25.
Browns Cambridge has the 3 out of 5 customer rating and it offers a high prices.
A coffee shop in the riverside area is Zizzi. It is family friendly, less than £20 per head and has a low customer rating.
For food priced between 20 to 25 pounds, try a restaurant called The Golden Palace.
Strada has an average customer rating as a restaurant.
Loch Fyne is a cheap French restaurant which is family friendly.
The coffee shop, The Dumpling Tree, in Riverside near Café Sicilia, is kid friendly and costs more than £30.
Browns Cambridge is an expensive venue with a customer rating 3 out of 5
Near The Rice Boat in the city centre there is a restaurant named Loch Fyne. It serves English food and the customer ratings are average.
Strada is a venue that provides Indian food. It's prices range from £20-25 and their customer rating is high although it is not kid friendly. It is located near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
Browns Cambridge, a family-friendly coffee shop that serves fast food near the Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre.
In the price range of 20-25 is The Eagle, a coffee shop near Burger King in the riverside area. It is not kid friendly and serves Italian food. It has a high customer rating.
The Cambridge Blue restaurant provides highly rated Indian food.
The Waterman is an average restaurant that offers moderate priced English food. Is is located in the city centre and is not kid friendly.
The Golden Curry is a family friendly Chinese restaurant with average ratings. It can be found near Café Rouge.
The Rice Boat near Express by Holiday Inn in the city centre sells cheap English food at cheap price with average rating but not family-friendly
On the riverside, low rated The Eagle serves for less than £20.
Fitzbillies is an Italian coffee shop located in the city centre. It is not kid friendly and is in the moderate price range, but it does have a 3 out of 5 rating.
Browns Cambridge is a highly rated coffee shop serving fast food in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel.  It is not family-friendly.
The Golden Palace is a  restaurant with an average price range of £20-25.
Giraffe coffee shop near The Bakers is a higher price range that is not kid Friendly
Browns Cambridge is a fast food eatery located on the riverside close to The Sorrento. It also welcomes families with children.
The Mill pub serves high priced French food in a riverside setting.
The Rice Boat offers Japanese food. It is not child-friendly. Customer Rating 3 out of 5 is located in the city center. Prices are between £ 20-25. Close the Express by Holiday Inn.
Browns Cambridge is a high priced average rating place.
With one star and moderate prices, Alimentum serves Italian food in the city centre near Yippee Noodle Bar.
The Eagle coffee shop near Burger King has good continental dishes at good prices.
The Golden Curry is a mid range restaurant located on the outskirts of town.  It is a family friendly facility.  The Bakers is nearby.
The Punter is a British pub, moderately  priced in the city center.
Offering French food in the riverside area is a pub called Giraffe that is kid friendly.
A children friendly Chinese pub, the Giraffe, is located near the riverside.
The Punter is a mid range eatery located by the riverside near The Portland Arms but is not family friendly.
Enjoy the value of less than £20 at equal quality on riverside at The Eagle.
Green Man at the riverside is kids friendly and has a price range of £20-25.
If you're looking for moderately-priced French cuisine near The Six Bells, Fitzbillies is a good choice.
The Waterman is an establishment with a British theme, selling full English breakfasts by the river. In the mid-price range with average reviews, it's an ideal place to take small children and babies.
Loch Fyne is a low rated Indian restaurant near The Rice Boat in city centre.
The Waterman serves French food  in the £20 - £25 price range with a 3 out of 5 customer rating. It is located in the City Centre but is not child friendly
Loch Fyne is a low priced Italian restaurant, adults only.
child-friendly restaurant The Twenty Two serves French food.
The Plough is a high priced, child-friendly pub that serves French food. It is located near Café Rouge.
Midsummer House serves Chinese food in the low price range.  It has a low rating and is near All Bar One.
Blue Spice is on the riverside. It service English food for less than £20 a head.
Zizzi, a kid friendly fast food pub, has a high customer rating.
The Clowns is a pub in riverside, the price is high, and Customers give it a 1 out of 5 star rating.
The Rice Boat is Japanese food place in riverside near Express by Holiday Inn. It has a moderate price range and a customer  rating of 1 out of 5. It is also a none kids friendly zone.
Aromi, is a pub that is child friendly that has average reviews.  It is near the riverside.
Strada is a family friendly restaurant that is very cheap, with an average customer rating.
Cotto, a highly rated, kid friendly Japanese restaurant, is located near Ranch.
Fitzbillies is a family-friendly, inexpensive, Japanese coffee shop. It is located near the city center and doesn't get very good customer ratings.
The Eagle has Indian food and a high customer rating.
The Golden Curry serves Japanese food in the city centre near Café Rouge.  It is not a family-friendly venue but has a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
The Travellers Rest Beefeater is a cheap family friendly restaurant.
The Olive Grove is a child friendly pub near Riverside, but the price ranges are not shabby.
The Waterman is a children-friendly restaurant that provides Indian food at a price range of more than 30 pounds. It has a high customer rating and is located in the city of Riverside.
The Twenty Two serves English food and is child friendly.
Zizzi is a pub serving Italian food. Customers rate this pub 1 out of 5. The kids that come to this pub are friendly.
The Waterman serves English food, is children friendly and near the Crowne Plaza Hotel.
The Waterman restaurant located by riverside is kid friendly and has moderate prices that provides English food with a customer rating of 1 out 5.
Rated 3 out of 5 by customers, The Waterman, located in the center of the city, is an average priced French restaurant. The Waterman is more of an upscale restaurant, not suitable for kids.
Strada is a moderately-priced Indian food restaurant located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café. It is rated 1 out of 5 and is not kids friendly.
Strada is family restaurant in the mid-price range.
The Punter is a high price, family friendly, coffee shop. It serves sushi, and can be found near Café Sicilia.
Zizzi is a 5 out of 5 rated coffee shop. The price of a meal is over £30 for a meal and is a child-friendly place. It is located in the riverside district.
There is a very nice Italian restaurant called The Olive Grove. It's a pub, which you can tell is not child friendly and can be rather pricey. It's located in the riverside area.
The Waterman is a low rated, Chinese  restaurant in the riverside area, moderately priced and kid friendly.
If you are seeking some amazing Japanese food on the riverside then check out The Golden Curry. The restaurant is located near Café Rouge and child friendly.
The Dumpling Tree is a kids friendly Italian pub near The Portland Arms.
On the riverside near to All Bar One is Green Man serving English food. Its no family-friendly and is priced less than £20
Giraffe is a coffee shop that is not kid friendly. Located near The Bakers it has a customer rating g of 3 out of 5 and costs between 20 and 25 pounds.
The Twenty Two is located riverside near The Rice Boat. It is ranked 5 out of 5 and costs more than £30 to dine there.
Aromi is a riverside Italian restaurant.
A highly rated pub has popped up down by riverside. It's called Clowns, you can get a meal for £20-25.
The Dumpling Tree is an English Pub providing family friendly atmosphere near The Portland Arms.
The Waterman is a French restaurant located in the city centre area.  It is not family-friendly.  Cheap price range.  Customer rating 5 out 5.
Near All Bar One in City Centre is a Chinese place called Green Man. They have cheap food but are not family friendly.
The Giraffe pub is located in the riverside area, they are kid friendly and serve Fast food.
The Green Man serves moderately priced fast food. Find this kid friendly venue near All Bar One at the riverside.
If you're looking for something in the high price range, there's Wildwood, an English pub with a 1 out of 5 customer rating.
The Rice Boat near the Express by Holiday Inn within the city center server up cheap English food with 5 out of 5 stars and yes children are always welcome.
There is non children friendly restaurant, rated 3 out of 5, serving high priced French food called The Wrestlers.
Cheap, delicious Indian food can be found at The Rice Boat. Although not family friendly, it is located very close to the Express by Holiday Inn in the city centre.
A children-friendly coffee shop near Avalon in the Riverside area is Blue Spice with a high price range and an average customer rating.
In the city centre area is The Waterman, which is not kid Friendly place but have a high customer rating. They serve Chinese food with a £20-25 price range.
Wildwood is a pub serving Italian food that has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. it has a cheap price range
The Eagle is a high-priced coffee shop that offers Indian food. It is child friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is located near Burger King in riverside.
The Cambridge Blue is a Chinese food restaurant with a high customer rating.
Cotto is a French coffee shop with a price range of less than 20 pounds but has a low customer rating. It is located near The Portland Arms in the riverside area.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that provides Indian food in the high price range. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is located in the city centre and is not child friendly.
Alimentum serves Indian food which is moderately priced. It is located in the city centre near the Yippee Noodle Bar.
Serving English food, The Twenty Two is child friendly.
The Travellers Rest Beefeater is not children friendly cost more than £30.
There is a kid friendly Italian restaurant named Alimentum on the riverside that is in the moderate price range.
Cocum coffee shop serves Italian food, moderately priced and is family friendly.  It has 3 out of 5 stars.
Browns Cambridge is a restaurant that offers burgers, fries and milkshakes, at an expensive price point, it is rated three out of five stars.
Zizzi is located on the riverside, it has an average customer rating, it is cheap, family friendly, and has a coffee shop.
Not considered family-friendly, Zizzi is a pub that serves French food and receives an average customer rating.
The Waterman French food in the city centre offers mature dining for over £30, recommended by many.
Loch Fyne is located near The Rice Boat in the City Centre area serves fast food and has a low customer rating
Midsummer House sells cheap Chinese food near All Bar One Their customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Zizzi is a children friendly coffee shop in the riverside area. It is in the high price range and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Waterman serves French food, and has a low customer rating. It is located in the city centre, is not child-friendly, and is in a price range higher than £30.
The Cambridge Blue is a three star rated restaurant that sells sushi.
Near Ranch , Cotto is a Chinese place with family friendly environment and average rating.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop that provides Indian food with prices that range around £20-25. It is located on the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine and is kids friendly.
The Rice Boat is a Italian restaurant it is located near Express by Holiday Inn it is children friendly with an average customer rating the price range is high and it is located near the city centre
Green Man, in the riverside area near All Bar One, is child-friendly with English food in a moderate price range.
The Golden Curry provides Chinese food with an average rating. It is located on the river near Café Rouge and is not family friendly.
The Waterman serves cheap Indian food and is located in Riverside.
Browns Cambridge is a cheap restaurant for dinner of the best hamburgers in the city.
Bibimbap House has a price range of less than £20 that offers Fast food near Clare Hall in the riverside area.
The Golden Palace serves Japanese food with a coffee shop atmosphere and a prices less than £20, it's located in the riverside area and has average ratings.
Blue Spice has average prices and is located north of the city.
Blue Spice is a restaurant in the riverside area, offering food with a price range of more than £30.
The Cambridge Blue is a restaurant that many customers rate pretty low.
With a low customer rating and French food for less than £20 Alimentum which is near the Yippee Noodle Bar on the riverside will always disappoint
Get child friendly Japanese food in the city centre at The Waterman. costs more than £30 and has a low rating.
Strada has a low customer rating, priced more than £30 but is children friendly.
Blue Spice is close of the riverside and have a customer rating of 3 out of 5
Alimentum serves Italian food and is a highly-rated restaurant near Yippee Noodle Bar in the riverside area.  The price range is more than E30.
Loch Fyne is a restaurant that offer good priced food. This is not a family friendly restaurant.
For those on higher budgets, Clowns is a pub located in the city centre - albeit one with low customer ratings.
Strada is located near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café. Family friendly, it has lower than average ratings and serves fast food at a high price.
The Aromi, a coffee shop located in the city centre, serves Italian food, but is not family-friendly and has a low customer rating.
Wildwood is a high-priced coffee shop located near Ranch and serves burgers. It has 1 star.
The Eagle is a Japanese restaurant, however is low customer rated.
Giraffe is a coffee shop next to The Bakers that had above average pricing but is not family friendly.
Fitzbillies coffee shop in the riverside area attracts a customer rating of 3 out of 5. Japanese food is served in a child-friendly atmosphere and prices are above average.
French restaurant and coffee shop, The Golden Palace, is expensive but highly rated. It is located in the city centre.
Great average pub under £20, visit The Vaults near Café Adriatic.
The Waterman is a high-end Indian restaurant which is family friendly.  It is located by the riverside and the average customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Eagle is an Italian coffee shop in the riverside area near Burger King. The price range is 20-25 and has a high customer rating. It is not kid friendly.
The Midsummer House has a 1 out of 5 customer rating and they serve Italian food. They are located near Café Rouge.
The Punter eatery, located bear the river and The Portland Arms, is adult themed and lower priced.
The Golden Curry is not family-friendly in Riverside area near Café Rouge. Average customer rating serves Italian.
In the city near Burger King there is a family-friendly Japanese coffee shop with a low price range and a customer rating of 3 out of 5 named The Eagle.
Strada serves expensive Indian food with an average rating. It's located near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café. It is kid friendly.
The Cambridge Blue has a average customer rating in Japanese food.
The Loch Fyne has Japanese food and is near The Rice Boat.
The Twenty Two offers family friendly Indian in riverside
The Waterman is a fast food restaurant that is high rated ,not kid friendly, priced 20-25 and is located on the riverside.
For Italian pub food go to the Green Man in the riverside area near Café Rouge.
The Olive Grove, located in the city center, is a pub that offers English food at a moderate price range and a kid friendly environment.
The Rice Boat is a children friendly fast food restaurant with a customer rating 1 out of 5 and a high price range. It is located near Express by Holiday Inn in the riverside area.
The Waterman offers fast food near the Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is family friendly.
The Waterman is a cheap fast food restaurant next to the City centre.
Midsummer House is located near All Bar One.  It is a cheap Indian restaurant with 5 out of 5 rating.
Not children friendly with average rating is an Italian coffee shop called Cocum.
The Dumpling Tree restaurant serves moderately priced Italian food.
The Wrestlers, a coffee shop, is an Italian, kid friendly along the riverside. It is near Raja Indian Cuisine and the price range is average.
Fitzbillies is an Japanese  coffee shop located in riverside with a high price range to suit the upper class we have a 3 out of 5 rating with no children welcome.
Located near All Bar One, Japanese restaurant Midsummer House, offers a £30 and higher price range, as well as a low customer rating.
Try Browns Cambridge for low-priced burgers and other food.
The Golden Curry  is along the riverside near Café Rouge. It serves Italian food in a child friendly environment with an average customer rating.
Blue Spice is a cheap Japanese restaurant in the riverside area.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that sells fast food located in the city centre.
There is a high priced Indian food restaurant in riverside called The Waterman.  It's customer rating is average and children are not permitted.
The Wrestlers is a kid-friendly coffee shop located near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area. They serve French food in the £20-25 range.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop that is family friendly located near Crown Plaza Hotel.
There is an averagely priced, highly rated establishment called Blue Spice. It is located in the city centre and is not child friendly.
The Wrestlers is a moderately priced Indian restaurant. It is a kids friendly place with 1 out 5 customer rating.
Cocum is a coffee shop with a medium price range good for families.
If you go to riverside near Express by Holiday Inn, you will find The Rice Boat. This is a Fast food restaurant that is not kid friendly. They have earned an average rating for their high priced food.
Located in City Centre near The Rice Boat, Loch Fyne is a Chinese restaurant with a low customer rating.
With a customer rating of 3 out of 5, The Eagle in the city centre has a high price range.
The Indian coffee shop The Golden Palace has a moderate price range and a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is in the riverside area.
The Punter is a coffee shop located near Café Sicilia serving French food with a price range of between £20-25. it has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and is kids friendly
Blue Spice is a reasonably-priced restaurant serving various wines and cheeses. It is located by the River, north of the City Centre
Loch Fyne is an inexpensive, family-friendly Indian restaurant.
Browns Cambridge is a low priced restaurant  with a high customer rating.
The Cricketers is an Indian coffee shop rated 1 out of 5  and children friendly, located near The Portland Arms.
Japanese food is served at the Alimentum which is kids-friendly, by the riverside and costs £20-25.
The Taste of Cambridge, is a pub so not a family-friendly restaurant, this restaurant is near The Sorrento and located in the city center.
The Golden Curry has English food and is located in the city centre not far from the Café Rouge. Not recommended for families but has a 5 out of 5 rating.
Midsummer House provides Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is near All Bar One. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Located in riverside, the coffee shop Aromi provides French food. It has a customer rating 5 out of 5 and is not family-friendly.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop that has Italian food.  It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and an average price range.  It is located in the city centre.
The Plough is pub grub providing Japanese food in the low price range. It is located near Café Rouge adults only
There is a children friendly, average rated pub called The Cricketers near Ranch.
Serving Chinese food with a high customer rating, The Wrestlers is not family friendly and priced at more than L30.
Riverside local cheap average family friendly restaurant, The Waterman.
A 3 star family safe restaurant pub is Zizzi.
Customer rating 5 out of 5, coffee shop and Indian food, Aromi. No children.
Located near Express by Holiday Inn,  The Rice Boat is a riverside French venue with a customer rating of 3-5,  children friendly and high price ranges.
Located near Clare Hall, Clowns is a coffee shop that offers sushi
Alimentum is a Chinese food restaurant with a high price range.  It is family friendly and located in the city centre.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel.  They are family-friendly and serve Italian food, but have received poor customer ratings.
With a moderate price range, The Punter has fast food.
There is a £20-25 pub The Plough located near Café Rouge that provides English food and a child-friendly atmosphere
Alimentum is an Italian restaurant with prices in the high range and average customer ratings that is located in the riverside area near Yippee Noodle Bar.
The Punter is a low-priced French coffee shop with a 1 out of 5 customer rating. It is family-friendly, and is located near Café Sicilia.
There is moderately cheap fast food coffee shop that is located on the riverside called The Golden Palace. It is rated 1 out of 5 stars.
The Rice Boat is located near the Express by Holiday Inn by the riverside.  It serves Chinese food and has a high price range with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Twenty Two is a place serving Indian food for adults not the family.  They are located at the city center.
There is a kid friendly restaurant with a 1 out of 5 customer rating The Wrestlers that provides English food in the moderate price range.
Strada offers Japanese food for less than £20, near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café . Yes, they are family friendly, but they have a low customer rating.
The  Golden Curry is a French restaurant near Café Rouge in city centre. It is not kid friendly and has a low customer rating.
Alimentum restaurant is a family friendly restaurant located within the City centre.
A place that serves English food and are cheap is Browns Cambridge.  They are rated 1 out of 5.
The Golden Curry is an Indian restaurant, which has a moderate price range. This restaurant is kid friendly. It is located near The Bakers.
Alimentum is a high priced city centre children friendly fast food eating place
Cocum is an expensive child friendly coffee shop which also serves take away food
There is a low-price French restaurant called Midsummer House.  It is located near All Bar One.  Low customer rating.
Blue Spice serves expensive Chinese food in the riverside area.
Green Man is a moderately priced restaurant in the city centre near All Bar One. The serve Italian food and it is not kids friendly.
Loch Fyne is a stunning French restaurant
The Plough is an English pub near Café Rouge with a high price range but is children friendly.
Bibimbap House is a moderately priced fast food outlet on the riverside near Clare Hall
The Giraffe in Riverside is kids friendly.  It's a Japanese pub.
The Mill is a moderately priced French coffee shop located in the city centre near The Sorrento.
For a well priced Japanese meal in a coffee shop setting try Wildwood. It is very well rated and located near Ranch.
On the riverside the venue Blue Spice serves Italian food with a lower than average price range.
The Dumpling Tree is a mid-range priced restaurant serving fast food
The Phoenix does Italian food with a cheap price range, their customer rating is 5 out of 5 and they are in the City Centre.
Near Café Brazil is an expensive pub serving fast food called The Cambridge Blue
Yes the Green Man in the riverside area near All Bar One is kids friendly, has a moderate price range and is kids friendly.
The Rice Boat is a highly rated, family friendly Japanese restaurant in a riverside location.
There is a restaurant names Loch Fyne which serves fast food with a price range of 20-25 pounds.  It is a kid friendly place.
The Rice Boat is not a good place and very expensive. It's next to Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
There is a kids friendly restaurant The Vaults, they serve English food and they are moderately priced.
The Rice Boat is a moderate priced English restaurant located at the city centre near Express by Holiday Inn with a customer rating 3 out of 5. It has a kids friendly atmosphere.
The Golden Curry is a family friendly restaurant located near The Bakers which provides Indian foods with a price range of less than £20.
The Cricketers, a highly rated pub near Ranch, is not family-friendly.
Located near Yippee Noodle Bar, Strada is a three out of five star pub.
The Eagle coffee shop in the riverside area charges a bit above average but is highly rates.  It's near the Burger King and serves fast food but isn't child friendly.
Aromi is a licensed coffee shop on the river's edge. Not a family environment. Rated one star out of five.
The Rice Boat is a family friendly restaurant located on the river.
There is a Japanese coffee shop called Aromi which is located by the riverside. It has a low customer rating and it is not family-friendly.
The Golden Curry restaurant near The Bakers has delicious burgers and fries the kids will love.
The Punter is a good coffee shop located near Café Sicilia. It is a family friendly restaurant that offers food.
Strada is a restaurant with a low price range, low customer ratings, and is not family-friendly,
Come visit our new kid friendly, Italian restaurant The Rice Boat. Located in the beautiful riverside area near Express by Holiday Inn. Prices may range from 20-25.
The Rice Boat is an Italian restaurant. It is in the riverside area. It has an average rating and is not family-friendly.
The Cambridge Blue is a pub that is located near Café Brazil. At the Cambridge Blue they serve Indian food within a price range of less than 20 pounds.
With a high price range and a high customer rating, Cocum is a family friendly coffee shop.
Loch Fyne serves French food on the riverside near The Rice Boat, and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Cambridge Blue is a pub that provides Chinese food in the more than £30 price range. It is near Café Brazil.
There is a restaurant called Browns Cambridge serving English type food. Their price range is normally more than £30 but the customer rating is high.
English food place Blue Spice has a price range of over £30 and is located on a riverside.
Japanese food is served near Café Rouge at the Cotto
The Dumpling Tree is an Italian restaurant, in the price range £20-25.
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly Japanese  restaurant near The Sorrento in the riverside area.
The Phoenix serves Japanese food but has a low customer rating.
The Twenty Two is located on a riverside near The Rice Boat. It has a high price range, is child friendly and the customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Taste of Cambridge pub is located at the riverside near The Sorrento. It does not welcome families.
Strada is a family friendly Chinese restaurant with low customer rating and high prices. It is near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
A high rated place called The Eagle got English food.
Customers highly rate Wildwood as a Fast-food pub with a price range of more than £30.
The Rice Boat, located in the center of the city, provides Japanese food.  It has an average customer Rating and is not family-Friendly.
There is a pub that serves Chinese food by the river side called The Waterman its highly rated.
With a price range of £20-25, Fitzbillies coffee shop in city centre has French food.  It is not kid friendly.
An expensive adult Indian coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine located riverside is The Wrestlers.
The Punter is a moderately priced Indian coffee house near Café Sicilia. It is not kid friendly. The Punter has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Alimentum provides Chinese food in the less than £20 price range. It is located in the riverside.
The Cambridge Blue is an Indian restaurant with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Dumpling Tree, is an English pub that is kids friendly and near The Portland Arms.
Midsummer House is a highly rated Italian restaurant located near Café Rouge.
The Dumpling Tree restaurant provides Japanese food within the cheap price range.
Located in riverside, Fitzbillies is a kid friendly coffee shop serving Japanese food. It has a price range of £20-£25 and has high customer ratings.
The Punter serves Chinese food an is in the average price range.
The Punter is a restaurant that offers Indian food at a high price.
Fitzbillies is the Fast food in low price range near to the Six Bells
The Golden Palace is a cheap Indian coffee shop located in the city centre, and has an average customer rating.
Cocum is an average family friendly pub with expensive food.
The Mill is a pub that provides Indian food in the cheap price range. It is located in the riverside.
coffee shop, The Punter, serves Indian food in a price range of £20-25 near Café Sicilia. It is kid friendly and has a high customer rating.
Near All Bar One in the city centre is a moderately priced fast food restaurant called Green Man. It is not child friendly.
The Phoenix provides Indian food in the £20-25 price range. It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is high.
The Waterman welcomes the whole family to enjoy some cheap food and drink.
The Punter is a coffee shop located near Café Sicilia. It has a moderate price range, serves sushi, and is not family friendly.
No, The Eagle is Japanese Fast food with coffee shop on the side Burger King with low rank and more than £30
The customer Rating of the Cocum is average and it is a restaurant that is children-friendly
Zizzi is a Japanese pub with a low customer rating and not so family-friendly
The Twenty Two serves Indian food near riverside and is kid friendly.
With an average customer rating and a less than £20 price range, the family friendly Blue Spice coffee shop can be found in the riverside area near Avalon
The Plough is a 2 out of 3 price rated restaurant. Located near The Bakers, The Plough does not allow families.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop providing Indian food in the less than £20 price range. It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is low.
Browns Cambridge is a cheap Indian restaurant with an average customer rating.
A family-friendly establishment, the Green Man can be found n the riverside area and offers food up to £20.
The Cambridge Blue is a Chinese restaurant with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The coffee shop Zizzi has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and is not a friendly shop £20-25 by riverside.
The Browns Cambridge has 4 stars for its great food
The family friendly Giraffe is a pub serving Chinese food in city centre.
The Rice Boat is a fast food restaurant located near Express by Holiday Inn in the city centre. It has cheap food with a low customer rating.
Alimentum is a cheap Chinese restaurant located in the city centre near to Yippee Noodle Bar. It's customers gave it 5 out of 5 stars.
The Cricketers is a coffee shop that welcomes all guests, including families. It offers a wide variety of menu items, and is located near The Portland Arms.
Loch Fyne is a French restaurant.
Moderately priced Green Man is not kids friendly serving English food. Located near All Bar One in city centre.
Near Rainbow Vegetarian Café is an establishment serving English foods, Strada
The Punter is a moderately priced coffee shop near Café Sicilia. It is not a family-friendly coffee shop and it has low customer ratings but they serve Japanese food.
Fitzbillies is a moderately priced restaurant near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
The Punter is  moderately priced and  kid friendly. It is located near The Portland Arms by the riverside.
The Mill is  a pub style restaurant offering English  food. The price range is above £30. Conveniently located around riverside, Midsummer House is offering French food. They are located next to Café Rouge. You are sure to enjoy this fine eatery, with a high customer rating.
Fitzbillies is the best cheap English restaurant near The Six Bells.
Next to the river you can find the Fitzbillies coffee shop with family friendly environment. The prices are on mid-level.
Near The Bakers there is a family friendly venue called The Golden Curry, that serves English food and is cheap.
A Chinese food place in the city centre, Blue Spice, is in the moderate price range.
The Mill it is Café shop which is next to The Sorrento, their prices are low
The Waterman is an average, family friendly fast food restaurant located on the riverside.
Bibimbap House  is a moderately priced Japanese restaurant located in the center of the city near Clare Hall.
Over at the The Rice Boat enjoy riverside kid friendly fun the customers rate 1 out of 5 stars.
With high customer ratings and a price range more than £30, Browns Cambridge serves Chinese food.
There is a coffee shop called The Vaults with high customer Rating with the price Range of more than £30 located near Café Brazil at the riverside.
Not catering for children is The Golden Curry Italian.  It has customer ratings of 5 out of 5.
Besides being inexpensive and family friendly, Strada, has a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
The Green Man near All Bar One located in Riverside serves English food has a price range of more than £30 and is child friendly.
Alimentum is a cheap French restaurant near the Yippee Noodle Bar, in the riverside area. It gets a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
With a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and a moderate price range, Fitzbillies is not kid friendly, serves Japanese food and is in the city centre.
Near Café Rouge is The Plough, a moderately-priced English restaurant.  It is not child friendly.
English style food served at the family friendly pub The Plough, for less than twenty pounds, near Café Rouge.
Giraffe pub is near the river and they serve wine and limited food,
The Golden Curry serves Italian in Riverside near Café Rouge. Average rating but not family-friendly.
Alimentum is a French restaurant offering meals for less than 20 with an average customer rating.  Alimentum is in the city center near Yippee Noodle Bar.
The Olive Grove is a pub that provides Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in the riverside.
Wildwood is a coffee shop located near Ranch that offers wine and spirits.
Family friendly, cheap lowly rated coffee shop Fitzbillies is located near the riverside.
The Plough is near Café Rouge and serves French food for less than £20.
The Rice Boat is a French family friendly place near the riverside with a customer Rating of 5 out of 5.
The Rice Boat is a mid-priced family friendly restaurant.  We are near Express by Holiday Inn.
There's a pub called Zizzi serving Indian food, which has a low customer rating but is family friendly.
The family friendly coffee shop Fitzbillies provides sushi. It is medium priced and has a 1 star rating.
Wildwood serves pub food the English way with customer rating 1out of 5
The Twenty Two is family friendly and serves French food.
The Golden Curry offers French food with £20-25 for kids Friendly near The Bakers.
Near Café Adriatic there is  a pub providing take away deliveries in the low price range; it is called The Vaults and is the the low price range. Customers have rated it 5 out of 5.
The Punter is a restaurant. specializing in India food.  this usually has a fairly high price range .
They need to lower the price on the Italian coffee shop, Cocum that is around the corner. It is moderately priced, but only has 1 out 5 stars, but is kid-friendly.
Cotto serves Japanese food and is located near Café Rouge.
Strada is a British restaurant located near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café. It provides high quality food for a low price and is family friendly.
Café Rouge is near the restaurant Wildwood which has an average customer rating.
The Zizzi is a high-rated Italian pub with a kid-friendly atmosphere.
The Vaults serves Indian food.
Browns Cambridge is a well priced and highly rated Chinese restaurant.
In riverside there is a fast food coffee shop near The Sorrento named The Mill that is expensive.
Cotto is a restaurant that serves Japanese food, and is rated 5 out of 5 by customers. It's family friendly and is located near the Ranch.
A cheap family friendly pub near the riverside area is The Olive Grove.
The Wildwood is an expensive Italian restaurant with average customer ratings and is located near the Ranch.
The Phoenix is a an affordable good quality dine in restaurant.
The Eagle has an average customer rating and serves Japanese cuisine
The Waterman is an English yes near Crown Plaza Hotel.
The Loch Fyne restaurant serves English food for all the family.
With a high customer rating, Cotto is the place to go for a selection of English food.  Located near a Ranch, it is well known for being child friendly.
The Phoenix serves Japanese food and is located by riverside. Their customer rating is 3 out of 5. Prices range from £20-25.
Clowns is a kid friendly restaurant near Café Sicilia with moderate prices.
Located by the river, near Burger King is a family friendly, affordable coffee shop serving Italian food. The Eagle is rated 5 out of 5 by its customers.
Serving Italian fare in a children friendly environment, the Browns Cambridge is in Riverside near The Sorrento.
The Rice Boat is a middle priced, 1 star restaurant located near the Express by Holiday Inn.
Clowns is a pub near the riverside with prices between 20-25 £, rated 3 out of 5.
The Cambridge Blue is rated 1 out of 5 for customer satisfaction. It is an Italian restaurant
In the riverside area The Mill, a French orientated eatery and coffee shop with a price range at around £20 -£25, is located near The Sorrento.
Taste of Cambridge is a mature, whole foods coffee shop located near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Prices start at £30 at the adult-only Green Man located in riverside.
The Eagle coffee shop serves cheap Indian food. With a customer rating of 5 out of 5, it is family friendly and located in the city centre near Burger King
3 out of 5 rating for Wildwood, a moderately priced Italian Pub.
The Plough is a cheap Fast food restaurant. It provides a family friendly atmosphere. The food is pub like. It is rear the Café Rouge.
The Midsummer House serves expensive English food near All Bar One. It has an average customer rating.
Blue Spice is a family-friendly that has 5 out of 5 customer rating and the price is relative cheap. it is located in the riverside area
Zizzi, a French pub, has low customer ratings an a child friendly environment.
Located in the city centre, The Waterman pub serves Indian food but has a low customer rating.
Loch Fyne offers a family friendly Italian dining experience.
The Plough is a non family-friendly pub located near Café Rouge where you can enjoy Italian food for less than £20.
The Golden Curry is a cheap sushi restaurant near The Bakers. It is not family friendly.
Near the riverside, located by Clare Hall, is a very highly rated Italian coffee shop called Clowns.
You may find highly rated Chinese food at the Midsummer House close to the Café Rouge.
Strada is an Indian family friendly restaurant with a price range of less than 20.  It is located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café and has a low customer rating.
The Olive Grove is a pub that provides Chinese food in the less than £20 price range. It is located in the city centre.
For best quality service visit Strada. This 5 out of 5 customer rated has a price range over £30 and is also child-friendly.
The is a French food pub Zizzi with low customer rating for kids and friends
The Golden Curry near The Bakers is a Japanese place that is not child friendly. It is ranged more than £30.
Wildwood is a pub with English food that is 1 out of 5 with a high price.
The Waterman, located by the riverside, is a pub serving Italian food with a customer rating of one out of five.
For a 5 star Family Friendly restaurant, The Rice Boat is a great choice.
Fitzbillies is a 3 star medium star  restaurant that serves families and is near Express by Holiday Inn.
The Cricketers is a pub located next to the Ranch. It has a high customer rating and child friendly environment.
The Mill is an average priced pub offering Chinese food in the Riverside area.
The Golden Curry serves English food. It is rated 1 out of 5. Yes, it is kid friendly.
The Punter is known for serving cheap, tasty Indian food.
Wildwood is a Japanese pub with a low customer rating. The price range is less than 20 pounds.
A cheap place that sells fast food is Alimentum, next to the river and next to Yippee Noodle Bar. You can purchase burgers, fries and soft drinks at a cheap price. A three-star rating too.
By the river you will find The Waterman serving food for all the family.
Aromi, an adult only pub in the centre of the city with average customer rating
The Eagle provides Indian food Its customer rating is high.
There is a cheap, family friendly Italian restaurant called The Golden Curry near The Bakers.
Fitzbillies, a family-friendly coffee shop in the city centre, serves French food for under £20 but has a low customer rating.
The Rice Boat serves Indian food and has an average customer rating it is family friendly and located in the city centre.
The Golden Curry is a kid-friendly Indian restaurant near The Bakers where you can expect to spend around £20-25.
Chinese food for a moderate price range can be found at Browns Cambridge. Customers rate this restaurant one out of five.
The Rice Boat is a Chinese restaurant in the high price range with a 1 out of 5 customer rating in the city centre near Express by Holiday Inn. It is not family friendly.
Green Man has high-priced Indian food and is not kid-friendly. It is located in riverside, near All Bar One.
A family friendly restaurant, The Waterman is located in the area of riverside. Serving French food and prices below £20 it has an average customer service rating.
The Cricketers restaurant serves English food near All Bar One.
The Eagle is a three-star venue.
City centre's Alimentum is high-end Italian food. It is not child friendly.
The Wrestlers is an Indian coffee shop located in the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine. It has a cheap price range and is family friendly.
The Eagle is a fast food coffee shop that is children friendly. The prices are more than £30 and it's near Burger King in the city center.
Wildwood is in the high price range.  It is located near Ranch.  It has an excellent rating.
Despite its customer rating being low and not family friendly, local pub Zizzi offers Indian food
The Eagle is a coffee shop located in City center. by the Burger King.  The high-priced coffee shop serves a light menu of British style food along with alcohol.  This family-friendly coffee shop receives 5 out of 5 stars from customers.
Travellers Rest Beefeater, located near the river besides Café Adriatic. High prices but lower than average ratings.
Near The Portland Arms you have The Cricketers which is a family friendly coffee shop.
The Cotto has 1 out of 5 rating near Ranch yes Italian.
Wildwood is a highly rated coffee shop beside Ranch.
Clowns is an Indian coffee shop by the river.  It is a not rated  well by its customers and is located near Clare Hall.
Strada serves expensive Indian food and has received a 1 out of 5 rating. It is not children friendly and is located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
The Golden Curry is an excellent mid scale Japanese Eatery that caters to adults.  Not family-friendly.
There is a French coffee shop in the city centre called The Fitzbillies that is children friendly and has a 5 out of 5 rating, but has a price range of more than £30.
Highly rated Italian coffee shop located in city centre, near The Portland Arms is Cotto. It dishes are more than £30.
There is a coffee shop called Browns Cambridge which serves Japanese food, it is not family-friendly also with a low customer rating it is located in the riverside area near the Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Loch Fyne is a kids friendly Japanese restaurant.
The Punter restaurant sells medium priced Italian food.
The Wrestlers is a Medium priced restaurant that is family friendly.
Zizzi is a coffee shop in the high price range. It is located in the city centre. The customer ratings are 3 out of 5 and is children friendly.
Nearby Café Sicilia is a moderately reviewed family friendly American coffee shop named The Punter that has high prices.
The Rice Boat, Indian restaurant, riverside area, near Express by Holiday Inn prices from £20-25, high customer rating
The Eagle is a French food venue with a 3 out of 5 customer rating.
The pub in river side called The Waterman that has Fast food and is rated 5.
A moderate priced Indian food place, Blue Spice, is located in the city centre.
Fitzbillies is an Italian coffee shop based in the riverside area, offering food at a moderate price range.
There is a pub called The Plough near Café Rouge that is family friendly and serves Italian cuisine at £20 per head
The Olive Grove is an  child friendly, Italian  pub located by the riverside with a high price range.
Taste of Cambridge is a children-friendly coffee shop that provides fast-food in the riverside area near the Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Aromi is a kid friendly pub with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 in Riverside.
Taste of Cambridge is a coffee shop that is family friendly serving Italian food near the Crown Plaza Hotel along the riverside.
The Wrestlers is a non kid friendly English restaurant with a high price range and customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Golden Curry is priced less than £20 for an Italian meal. It is family friendly and near The Bakers.
Near Burger King in the centre of the city is The Eagle.  An Italian food coffee shop, it is family-friendly with ratings of 3 out of 5 by the customers and is priced moderate.
The Midsummer House which serves fast food, has a customer rating of five out of five and is located near Café Rouge.
The restaurant, Fitzbillies, is a coffee shop with Indian food to eat . The restaurant has a high price range however the average customer rating is only 1 out of 5. Its location is near the riverside but is not a good place for kids.
The Olive Grove is a pub not child-friendly. It is located in the city center. The prices are more than £ 30.
Alimentum is a high priced, 5 star, restaurant in the city centre.  east of Yippee Noodle Bar.  No deliveries or take out, eat in only.
The Punter is a coffee shop serving low rated Indian food for average of £20 or less. Located near Café Sicilia, it is not family friendly.
The Golden Curry is a kids friendly fast-food restaurant with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Rice Boat Indian food has been ranked as moderately priced, the customers ranked it 1 out of 5, but it is located along the riverside, it is kid friendly and is near the Express by Holiday Inn.
The Rice Boat is an eatery serving Indian dishes and has earned a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is located in the Riverside area and is a very kids friendly establishment.
A high price range, child friendly restaurant named Clowns is near Café Sicilia.
The Punter is a Italian coffee shop near Café Sicilia. It has an average customer rating, cheap prices, but is not family-friendly.
A one star, high priced restaurant is the Alimentum located on the river next to Yippee Noodle Bar.
Loch Fyne sells fast food and has been rated 5 out of 5 stars.  It is located North of the City Centre, by The Rice Boat.
The Cambridge Blue is a restaurant serving English food.  Customers rate it 3 out of 5 stars.
Green Man has a price range of less then £20,is not kids friendly and is located in the city centre.
The coffee shop, Wildwood, is located near the Ranch and offers Fast food with average service and prices
In the city centre near The Rice Boat is a none kids friendly place called The Twenty Two. Price ranging from £20-£25 and with an average customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop providing Indian food It is located in the riverside. It is near Crowne Plaza Hotel. Its customer rating is high.
The riverside restaurant The Rice Boat, caters for families and is very close to the Express by Holiday Inn hotel. This is a higher price range restaurant.
Near the Express by Holiday Inn, is The Rice Boat, offering costly sushi to families.
The Rice Boat serves English food in the city centre.  It is family-friendly and has an average consumer rating.
The Green Man restaurant serves Chinese food  in the high price range.  It's child friendly and is located near All Bar One in the city centre.
Near Café Sicilia there is a moderately priced family-friendly restaurant called The Punter. It serves fast food and has a customer rating of one out of five.
The Rice Boat, an English restaurant  located in riverside. Not preferred and not family-friendly
The coffee shop, The Cricketers, is not a family-friendly location.  This shop serves Japanese food that is receives a 1 out of 5 stars.  This coffee shop is located near The Portland Arms.
The Wildwood coffee shop, which is situated nearby the Ranch,  has available various snacks, soups, fruit and drinks which are averagely priced.
Located in the city center near to the Express by Holiday Inn,  Fitzbillies is a mid-range restaurant.
Moderately priced The Olive Grove pub is located on the riverside. It welcomes kids.
There is an expensive restaurant The Phoenix located near the river.
Located in the riverside area near the Yippee Noodle Bar, Alimentum serves Japanese food from 20 to 25 euros rated 3 out of 5
There is a cheap Japanese coffee shop called Cocum. This family friendly restaurant has been rated as average by customers.
Child-friendly Blue Spice offers high-priced food in riverside and is rated 3 out of 5 by customers.
The Punter is a low-priced restaurant.
3 star Browns Cambridge. providing budget food and drink.
Zizzi is a one-star pub offering Italian food. It is not suitable for families.
The Vaults offers Japanese food under 20£. It is a family friendly restaurant.
The Golden Curry is a both highly rated and kid friendly Chinese restaurant on the river, near Café Rouge.
Clowns is a coffee shop that serves Indian food and their customer rating is 3 out of 5. They are located by the riverside , near Clare Hall.
The Punter is a three star coffee shop that also serves pasta. It is located near Café Sicilia and is rated three stars. Public restrooms available.
The Cambridge Blue restaurant serves English food and has a high customer rating.
There is a restaurant called Fitzbillies near the Express by Holiday Inn.  It's rated average and in the higher price range, but it is kid friendly.
Located riverside, The Twenty Two is a child-friendly Italian eatery.
The Cricketers is a coffee shop serving Indian food. A 3 out of 5 rating that is kid friendly. It is near The Portland Arms.
Located near Café Adriatic is The Vaults. It is a pub with a price range of less than £20, it has a low customer rating.
Near The Portland Arms in the riverside area is a fairly expensive, but child-friendly, place called The Punter.
The Wrestlers, which is an English restaurant and child-friendly, has a high customer rating and meals ranging in the more than £30 price range.
The Twenty Two is a family friendly venue offering Indian food.
The Phoenix is a French Café with a low satisfaction rating in the city center the meals range from less than £20.
There is a non family friendly Chinese restaurant in Loch Fyne.
Centrally located is The Olive Grove, a public house serving Japanese food in a family-friendly environment at typically less than £20 per head.
A child-friendly restaurant with a price range of more than £30 is The Plough. It is located near The Bakers.
The fast food coffee shop The Punter, has a high customer rating. It is located near Café Sicilia, not too kid friendly and has a price range of L20-25.
The Rice Boat, located in city centre near Express by Holiday Inn, is a kid friendly, French restaurant. It has high customer ratings and price range of £20-25.
Family friendly restaurant Strada serves mid price range food. It is near to Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
Fitzbillies  is a coffee shop providing family-style dining in the low price range. It is located close to the city center. and has a superb view across the river.
Loch Fyne is a restaurant providing Indian food in the high price range.
Near Clare Hall in the riverside area, Bibimbap House serves cheap English food.
In the city centre, near the Crowne Plaza Hotel, lies the Taste of Cambridge. It is a coffee shop which also offers Indian food. The venue is not family friendly.
The Mill is a French coffee ship. It is located near The Sorrento, and has a moderately priced food.
Fitzbillies is a Japanese coffee shop in the city center.  It is an adult place with a high rating and price range of 20-25
Near Café Rouge is Cotto, which serves French food.
The Dumpling Tree is a restaurant with Italian food.
The Mill coffee shop serves inexpensive French food and is near The Sorrento in the city centre
A moderate-priced pub known as The Wildwood offers a variety kinds of food and beverages.
Midsummer House is an expensive restaurant located near All Bar One.
There is a highly recommended coffee shop located near the Café Sicilia called The Punter.  The Punter serves English food in a non-child friendly environment.  The average price for a meal is more than £30.
Browns Cambridge is an average and cheap Italian place
Green Man offers family friendly, low priced food near All Bar One.
The Olive Grove is a low-priced pub in the city centre that serves sushi and is not family friendly.
There is a family friendly Indian restaurant in the riverside area called Alimentum its not cheap.
The Mill is a coffee shop that sells Italian food with a price range less than £20. it is located in the city centre near The Sorrento
The Waterman restaurant, near the Crowne Plaza Hotel serves Italian food and is not family-friendly.
The family friendly The Waterman, in the city centre,  has a five out of five star customer rating due to it's low priced Indian food .
Low priced French coffee shop The Wrestlers can be found in the city centre close to Raja Indian Cuisine. Not recommended for families.
Strada is family friendly with prices ranging from 20 to 25 euros rated 3 out of 5.
The Rice Boat has Indian food in the moderate price Range, has a customer Rating 1 out of 5, in the city centre area near Express by Holiday Inn and is kid Friendly.
Located within Riverside restaurant Zizzi has ranges between £20-£25
My experience here was not so great, but it might have been due to the price, costing a lot per person.  The Travellers Rest Beefeater is located near Café Adriatic by the city center.
Strada is a sushi restaurant that is not family friendly .  Rainbow Vegetarian Café is located near Strada in the City center.
Cocum is a coffee shop that offers French food in a moderate price range.  They are not kid friendly and have a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Waterman is a 1 out of 5 rated English food restaurant that serve high price meal. The location is on the riverside area which is quite children friendly
Near The Six Bells, the fast-food restaurant Fitzbillies offers meals at less than £20.
Fitzbillies is a low cost coffee shop located north of the City centre and also serves fast food.
Indian food, for less than £20, is on offer at The Punter.
The Rice Boat is a cheap family friendly Italian restaurant with an average customer rating situated in the riverside area near the Express by Holiday Inn.
The Olive Grove is a pub located on the riverside. It serves Chinese at a moderate price. It is for Adults only.
Midsummer House is a Japanese restaurant near All Bar One. It is pricey and received a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Golden Curry is a restaurant near The Bakers. It is family-friendly and affordable.
The Golden Curry, with a customer rating of 5 out of 5, serves Japanese food in a child friendly atmosphere.
The Eagle is a family friendly coffee shop serving Italian food near Burger King in the riverside area. The price range is less than £20 and the customer rating is low.
The Cricketers, near The Portland Arms, has a perfect rating.  Offering a coffee shop atmosphere and French food, it is not especially family-friendly.
The Golden Curry is located just up the street from The Bakers.  This family friendly dining establishment offers spaghetti and other Italian classics.
Located near Café Sicilia,  The Punter coffee shop serves Indian food for a moderate price.   It is not kid friendly and has a customer rating of  3 out of 5.
Whilst it is cheap, less than £20, and family friendly, the Strada, near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café, its customer rating is low.
Fitzbillies is a highly rated coffee shop located near the city center that provides Fast food in the L20-25 price range.  It is not kids friendly.
The Wrestlers is a more than £30, children friendly Japanese place with a low rating.
The Wrestlers, an  Indian cuisine eatery  offers  dishes that are in the moderate price range and has been given a 1 out of 5 customer rating, but is not kids friendly.
The Golden Palace is a restaurant providing food in the low price range.
Alimentum  is a family-friendly restaurant providing sushi in the the high price range. It is located in the along the River.
Midsummer House is 3 out of 5, servers English food, moderately priced, near All Bar One.
The Green Man is a low priced restaurant. it is located near to All Bar One and is child friendly.
Near the river and The Rice Boat is highly rated Fast food restaurant, Loch Fyne.
The Strada near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café is an adult establishment serving English food. It is highly rated by its customer with prices from  £30.
The Punter is a low-priced family friendly coffee shop located in City Centre near Café Sicilia.
Cotto is a coffee shop providing Indian food in the moderate price range. It is located in the riverside. It is near The Portland Arms. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
The Golden Curry Indian restaurant has a low rating and is not family friendly.
The Golden Palace is a less expensive coffee shop that is located near the river.
Zizzi is a child friendly, low rated coffee shop, with a high price range in the riverside.
Loch Fyne has average customer ratings, Japanese food, and is located near The Rice Boat in the city centre.
The Phoenix is located in the city centre. It serves Chinese food which is badly rated.
A restaurant with Japanese food called The Waterman  is not family-friendly and is located in the city centre. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 and a price range more then £30.
The Olive Grove has a high price range it is a pub that is child friendly in riverside
Midsummer House is average priced restaurant located in the All Bar One. It has low customer rating.
Situated near the Express by Holiday Inn in the city centre is an Italian restaurant named The Rice Boat. It has a high customer rating, average prices and is not suitable for children.
Average,  children friendly coffee shop near The Portland Arms serving fast food named The Cricketers.
Bibimbap House is located in the city centre near Clare Hall. It has a high price range.
There is a family friendly Japanese restaurant near Café Rouge in the riverside area with a low customer rating called The Golden Curry.
The child friendly pub, The Plough, is located near Café Rouge. It serves French food with a price range of more than 30.
The Eagle is a five-star restaurant and coffee shop, located near Burger King.
Blue Spice is a cheap restaurant located in the city centre. It is not family-friendly and has a customer rating 5 out of 5.
Cocum is a bistro coffee shop, that is suitable for families and those wanting fine dining.
Cotto is Fast food located near Café Rouge
The cheap, family friendly Fast food restaurant, Alimentum, is located in the Riverside area.
Green Man is an expensive location that serves pasta.  It is located near All Bar One.
The Vaults is a highly rated coffee shop located in the city centre, near Café Brazil, in the £20-25 price range.
Located near Wildwood near Ranch and offering Italian food in a coffee shop, Wildwood scores 1 out of 5.
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing Indian food in the high price range. It is located in the city centre. It is near Burger King. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
By the riverside near to the Express by Holiday Inn is the highly-rated The Rice Boat. It serves Japanese food, has an average price range of £20-25 and is child friendly.
The riverside pub, The Mill, offers mid-range priced Italian food.
Kid Friendly coffee shop The Dumpling Tree has a price Range of £20-25 and is located  in the riverside area near Café Sicilia
The Eagle has a low customer rating and serves fast food.
Japanese food in Blue Spice just for £20-25, located in the riverside
For  a high customer rating visit Clowns French food coffee shop in riverside near Clare Hall .
A reasonably priced fast food restaurant called The Dumpling Tree
Clowns is a Japanese coffee Shop with average profile. It is located by Clare Hall on the Riverside.
Near Café Rouge in the City Centre there is a family-friendly restaurant called The Golden Curry serving French food.  This has a top customer rating of 5 out of 5
There is a moderately priced English food place called Fitzbillies located near The Six Bells.
Wildwood, a pub that serves moderately priced fast food has a 1 out of 5 rating.
Giraffe is a high priced coffee shop near The Bakers.  It is child friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge serves high priced Indian food with a 1 out of 5 rating.
Bibimbap House is a high-priced eatery in the city centre, near Clare Hall, that serves Chinese food.
The Punter is a coffee shop located  near Café Sicilia that is family friendly. The offer wine and spirits.
There is a French pub named The Plough that is kids friendly. It is located near Café Rouge, and the price range is in between £20-25.
The Eagle is a moderately priced venue located in riverside and has a rating of 1 out of 5.
Located in Riverside, The Rice Boat serves English food with an average customer rating. It is not recommended for families.
There is an expensive fast food restaurant The Rice Boat located in the riverside area near Express by Holiday Inn with a customer rating of 1 out of 5. Children are not allowed.
Italian food offered at The Golden Curry. Family friendly with an average customer rating.
Cotto; a moderately priced coffee shop and sushi bar near The Portland Arms.
The Dumpling Tree pub, close to The Portland Arms, serves Chinese cuisine.  Families welcome.
The Eagle, located riverside,  is a child-friendly coffee shop offering French cuisine ranging from £20-25. It is located near Burger King. It has a high customer rating.
The Golden Curry is a moderately priced kid friendly Italian restaurant near The Bakers.
The Golden Curry is a kid friendly environment located near the Café Rouge around the riverside. It serves English cuisine at a one out of five customer rating.
With high prices and a customer rating of 1 out of 5, Wildwood coffee shop serves Indian food near Ranch.
Cocum is a kid friendly pub with a price range of £20-25 and a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Golden Curry is a high-priced restaurant near The Bakers that serves French food, it is also child friendly.
Giraffe  is a pub providing Indian cuisine located in 
The Golden Curry is a Fast food restaurant that is family friendly, its low customer rating is not good though.
The Mill coffee shop, located in the city centre near The Sorrento, serves cheap Japanese food.
Fitzbillies is a venue in the above average price range of more than £30. It is located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
The Cambridge Blue specializes in spaghetti and spirits.
Browns Cambridge is an Italian restaurant. They have a one star rating. Their prices are moderate.
The Waterman is a French restaurant in riverside. It is expensive and not children friendly.
Fitzbillies coffee shop is a family friendly care with a wide choice of food at low prices, located 2 miles from the city centre
The Waterman restaurant located on the riverside serves Japanese food. The customer ratings are 3 out of 5 and it is kid friendly.  The price range is £20-25.
The Waterman is located in the city centre area and has a low star rating.
In riverside, near Raja Indian Cuisine, there is a Japanese coffee shop called The Wrestlers that offers cheap food and a child-friendly atmosphere.
If you're looking for high priced Chinese restaurant, I would recommend The Rice Boat. It's located near the Express by Holiday Inn in the city centre. It's child friendly and the ratings are average.
Midsummer House has a high customer rating, they serve French food and are located near Café Rouge.
Zizzi is a high priced, kid friendly coffee shop located in Riverside. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Plough is a pub providing English food in the high price range. It is located near Café Rouge.  It provides a children friendly environment.
Highly acclaimed, child friendly, and priced at the £30 plus range, Cocum is an English style coffee shop.
A restaurant with a 5 out of 5 rating is the Strada.
Aromi is a family friendly pub is excellent customer Ranting located at the riverside
There is a moderately priced sushi pub called The Cambridge Blue near Café Brazil.
The Phoenix is a sit down French restaurant located on the river on the outskirts of the city center.
The Wrestlers is an above average restaurant in the city that serves French food. They have average customer ratings and they are family friendly.
A restaurant that has French food, is kid friendly and has a rating of 3 out of 5 is the Strada near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café. A meal is about £20-25.
French food with a  3 out of 5 customer rating is offered at the pub Strada near Yippee Noodle Bar.
Near All Bar One is a Japanese restaurant named Green Man. It is not kid friendly and has a moderate price range. It is in the riverside area.
The French restaurant Strada is not kid friendly. It has a one out of five and has a moderate price range. It is near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
The Rice Boat is a French restaurant situated along the riverside near to Express by Holiday Inn. It has a 5 out of 5 rating, is not child friendly and is priced at more than £30.
There is a restaurant in the city centre called the Green Man.
The Loch Fyne is located in the Riverside area near The Rice Boat. It is highly rated and serves English food.
Wildwood is a pub that offers wine and cheese.
the Blue Spice is a coffee shop in the riverside area near Avalon with a low customer rating that is not family-friendly which is in the less than £20 range
In the city centre near The Portland Arms is a high priced fast food coffee shop with a 1 star rating called Cotto.
Blue Spice is family-friendly with a price range less than £20 located in the city centre; it has a low customer rating.
There is a medium price sushi restaurant The Golden Curry located near to The Bakers. Unfortunately it does not allow children.
Japanese food is served at The Dumpling Tree restaurant typically priced above  £30.
In the heart of town near Burger King is a Japanese coffee shop called The Eagle. They offer a family-friendly environment, good food, and customer satisfaction at a low cost.
The Waterman is a venue which sells Chinese food within a moderate price range. It has a 3 out of 5 customer rating but is not said to be child friendly. The venue is located by riverside.
The Punter, a coffee shop that offers fast food with a high customer rating is located near Café Sicilia. Although expensive, they have a high customer rating.
The Eagle is a fast food moderately priced coffee shop in the city centre near Burger King. It has a three out of five customer rating and is not kid friendly.
Fitzbillies is a adult Japanese coffee shop. It is located in the city center with a high rating and a price range of 20-25
Passing the The Sorrento near the river there's Taste of Cambridge, a nice family pub.
The Cricketers coffee shop serving Indian food near The Portland Arms we have a kid friendly shop customers give us 3 out of 5
The Olive Grove is a quite expensive children friendly pub in the riverside.
The city centre is home to Blue Spice, a moderately priced coffee shop near Avalon. It's kid friendly, but the ratings are awful at 1 out of 5.
You can find Wildwood, a five-star pub in the mid price range that serves British food, across from a school.
A pub with moderate price food is The Olive Grove in the city centre for adults.
Near The Portland Arms is The Dumpling Tree, a family friendly Fast food pub.
The Cambridge Blue is an English restaurant with a customer service rating of 1 out of 5
The Waterman is a good Japanese place for kids in the city centre. Plates are expensive but the experience was good
Near the riverside there is a moderately priced Italian pub named The Olive Grove, that is not kid friendly.
Fitzbillies is a Italian coffee shop in Riverside. They are expensive and lowly rated but they do offer a child friendly atmosphere.
The averagely rated, highly priced, non-child-friendly, Japanese food place, 'The Waterman' is located near the riverside.
The Waterman is a moderately-priced restaurant near the River Cam in Cambridge, that serves soups, cheeses, breads and alcohol.
A coffee shop, The Golden Palace, is known for its coffee and its fast food. It is located in riverside area. While it is slightly higher priced than average, it also has a high customer rating.
Strada is a moderately priced Chinese restaurant located near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
The Cricketers is a fast food restaurant located near the All Bar One.
An Indian food coffee shop in city centre is The Eagle. It is near Burger King. It has average customer ratings, is cheap, and kid friendly.
The Punter is a coffee shop providing Indian food in the high price range. It is near Café Sicilia. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
If you are looking for a moderately priced Chinese restaurant in the riverside area, look for The Waterman. It's child friendly and rated 3 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is coffee shop which offers Indian food. Not suitable for children, it is located in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine. It has a moderate price range.
The Phoenix,has a 5 out of 5 customer rating, for Italian Food,on the riverside.
Located near Café Rouge, Midsummer House has high ratings and offers Japanese food.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop selling Italian food which is located near the Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area. And yes it is also family friendly.
In the City centre, near the river, there is an expensive coffee shop called The Golden Palace.
Fitzbillies is a Indian coffee shop with low customer ratings in the riverside area. It's children friendly though it costs less than £20.
In the city centre area, with an average customer rating, The Phoenix serves Indian food.
The Italian restaurant, The Rice Boat, is kid friendly and has a high customer rating. It is located in the riverside area.
The Mill is a pub that serves Fast food by the riverside.  It has cheap pricing.
The Eagle serves English food and is highly rated
Come and for a pub meal at The Twenty Two for a 1 out of 5 meal located near the riverside, and even closer to the Café Sicilia.
Near the city center, there is a place called Blue Spice, with decent prices.
The Waterman is not kid friendly with a moderate price range.
The waterman is located in the city centre and is child friendly. The Watermans customers rate the restaurant 1 out of 5. Price range is high  but for great food paying more isn't really a problem.  There known as a fast food restaurant so you do not have to be scared to take your children there.
The Wrestlers is a child-friendly fast food restaurant. It is in the high price range, and a coffee shop. It is located near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre.
Fitzbillies has a cheap price range and an average customer rating. It is family friendly and is near the Express by Holiday Inn.
There is a fast food place that is children friend, and it expensive. It is called The Golden Curry and it is near The Bakers,
Loch Fyne is a Japanese restaurant in the city centre with a low customer rating. You can find it near The Rice Boat.
The Cricketers is a pub, located near Ranch, that is highly rated by its customers and is child friendly.
The Eagle is a coffee shop that is not family-friendly, less than 20 euros, and sells Japanese food in the center of the city. Customers give it a low rating, it is located near Burger King.
For a kid friendly pub serving English food, you might want to try Zizzi's but they only got a 1 out of 5 review.
With a customer rating of 5 out of 5, Midsummer House near All Bar One has great French food for a bit more than  £30.
The Twenty Two is a place located on the banks of the river next to The Rice Boat.
The Punter has English type food. It is high price food.
Loch Fyne is a Japanese family Friendly restaurant.
great family place is The Dumpling Tree its a pub that sells French food is next to The Portland Arms
Located near Burger King in Riverside, The Eagle is a coffee shop that is highly rated by customers. Welcoming customers of all ages and keeping prices low, this fast food restaurant is worth the visit.
Fitzbillies is near Rainbow Vegetarian Café and costs 20-25 pounds.
The Rice Boat in the city centre near Express by Holiday Inn is a family friendly with an average customer rating with a cheap price.
The Eagle near Burger King in the riverside as a coffee shop with a high price range is not children friendly. They provide Italian food with a customer rating 1 out of 5.
Zizzi is a coffee shop with prices ranging from £20-25. They are located near riverside and have a high customer rating. They are not kid friendly.
By the Crown Plaza Hotel and the riverside, there is a coffee shop which serves Japanese food and is children friendly, named The Taste of Cambridge.
The Vaults is near Café Adriatic, it's a pub that ranges more than 30 and customers rate it 5 out of 5.
The Eagle is a coffee shop that serves cheap Indian food and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.  It is family friendly and is in the riverside area near Burger King.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Italian food, is located  in the city centre.
The Rice Boat is in the city centre near the Express by Holiday Inn. It's French food has a price range of less that £20 with an average customer rating. It is a no for families.
Alimentum is a non kid friendly, city centre English restaurant with a high price range.
A family friendly restaurant called The Plough is located near Express by Holiday Inn.
A Japanese pub near Yippee Noodle Bar is Strada, which received a 3 out of 5 customer rating.
The Mill is a coffee shop which serves Indian Food for a decent price. It is located in Riverside near The Sorrento.
The Dumpling Tree is a fast food restaurant with a high price range.
The Waterman, a French pub, located in the riverside area, has a high customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Strada is family friendly low prices and costumer rated as average fast food restaurant. It is located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
The Cambridge Blue pub near Café Brazil serves fast food for£20-25.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop at the riverside which serves French food which is kids friendly. It has a low customer rating and a price range of more than £30.
The high priced The Eagle coffee shop is currently rated 1 out of 5 by its customers.  The Eagle is located in the riverside area near Burger King.  Yes the eagle is child friendly
Strada is a pub that serves Chinese . it is near Yippee Noodle Bar. its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is located near Express by Holiday Inn. It is an expensive, family place with average ratings.
Cotto is an Indian coffee shop with a high price range. It sells Indian food and has an average customer rating. It can be found in the riverside area near The Portland Arms.
A moderate priced restaurant would be The Golden Palace.
Near to Café Rouge is an English serving food place called Cotto.
Wildwood is a British pub, cheap breakfast for decent quality.
The Rice Boat is  highly rated and serves Japanese food. It is located by the riverside near to the Express by Holiday Inn and is child friendly with an average price of £20-25.
Wildwood is not a family restaurant located in the city.
The Wildwood is a cheap pub that offers wine.
The well rated 3 out of 5 coffee shop The Golden Palace in riverside serves Japanese food between £20 - £25.
The Cotto is a family friend place with French food. It has a low rating and is near The Ranch.
The Rice Boat restaurant, regarded to be high priced with average Chinese meals is located in the city centre, near the Express by Holiday Inn. It should also be noted that it is not a children friendly establishment.
There is a 1 star coffee shop named The Punter, near to Café Sicilia. It offers fast food within the higher price range and is suitable for families.
There is a pub called The Olive Grove that serves Japanese food in the city centre. The pub has a moderate price range and is not child friendly.
A family friendly Japanese restaurant by the riverside is called Browns Cambridge. Its location is by The Sorrento.
There is Cocum , it is a great coffee shop and fast food restaurant that is kid friendly with great prices that are very reasonable.
Near Yippee Noodle Bar its locate Alimentum, a restaurant 5of5
Want to visit a coffee shop that also serves French food, children-friendly near the Crowne Plaza Hotel go visit the Taste of Cambridge.
Fitzbillies is an adult only highly rated Indian coffee shop priced 20-25 in the city centre.
Browns Cambridge located in centre city, is a coffee shop that bring Japanese food to family or friends near of Crowne Plaza Hotel
Clowns is a Japanese coffee Shop with average profile. It is located by Clare Hall on the Riverside.
The Cricketers coffee shop is a family friendly establishment offering a five star rating with good quality food, situated near The Portland Arms
An inexpensive, family friendly Chinese restaurant is The Vaults.
The Cambridge Blue is a fast food restaurant with a high customer rating.
Fitzbillies is a kid-friendly, moderately priced restaurant.  It is located near the Express by Holiday Inn, and has a good customer rating.
Bibimbap House provides Chinese food in the less than £20 price range. It is located in the riverside. It is near Clare Hall.
For an Italian meal for less than £20, that is not family-friendly, and has a low customer rating, go to The Rice Boat located near Express by Holiday Inn, at the city centre.
Fitzbillies serves English food with high Range price near by The Six Bells.
There is a fast food place near Ranch called Cotto that is kids friendly and have an average customer rating.
High quality food The Rice Boat is a kids friendly restaurant in Riverside that provide English food.
The Golden Curry is a kids-friendly French food place with a good customer rating.
In Riverside where  is a cheap English food family friendly called The Waterman with a average rating.
With 3 out of 5 ratings The Eagle, serves English food.
There is a family friendly French pub called The Plough near Café Rouge that is in the less than 20 pounds price range.
Browns Cambridge is a family-friendly restaurant coffee shop rating in 5of5 located near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the center of the city
A French pub near Café Rouge is called Green Man. It is right by the river.
Blue Spice is located in the riverside area. It serves Italian food with a high price range.
Loch Fyne restaurant is child friendly and serves Italian food.
Alimentum is a family friendly restaurant serving reasonable priced Japanese food at the riverside.
All Bar One has very cheap French food, however, Midsummer House has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Midsummer House is a 5 star, British cuisine restaurant, located by All Bar One and offers low prices.
Alimentum is a kids friendly restaurant in riverside, they serve English food and is above average price range.
A family friendly affordable restaurant is The Waterman. It servers English food, has good reviews, and is at riverside.
Alimentum is a French restaurant in the city centre near Yippee Noodle Bar. It is expensive and has a customer rating of three out of five.
Cocum is a coffee shop that provides Indian food. The price range is £20-25. It has a high customer rating and is kids friendly.
The Plough is a low-priced pub that is located near Café Rouge. It is non family friendly.
The Phoenix is a low priced Japanese restaurant in riverside with a high customer rating.
This is a cheap restaurant the Midsummer House near All Bar One.
Near Café Rouge in the Riverside area visit The Golden Curry for a family friendly experience in French cuisine.  The restaurant boasts a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
In the riverside is The Twenty Two with French food and yes has family area.
The Waterman is a family friendly Indian eatery in riverside. They have average prices and high customer ratings.
Midsummer House offers eating fast food at affordable prices and very high opinion of customers. Near All Bar One
If you feel like Japanese food, head to The Waterman in the city centre. The whole family can eat for cheap. The Waterman has good reviews, with a 5 out of 5 rating.
Fitzbillies is a low-priced restaurant with a 3-star rating. It's located near Express by Holiday Inn and is great for the family.
The Punter is a family friendly coffee shop which serves French food with a price range under £20.  It is near Café Sicilia and has received a low customer rating.
A low-price restaurant Fast food called Cotto its located near The Portland Arms
Loch Fyne is a low priced sushi restaurant that is not for the family.
There is a cheap Japanese restaurant Clowns located in riverside area, near Clare Hall, with low Customer Rating, it's coffee shop.
The Phoenix is a Japanese restaurant located near the riverside which has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Strada is near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café.  It is kids friendly and serves Japanese food at a price range of L20-25.
There is a low customer rated French food restaurant called Beluga located in riverside. It is called Loch Fyne and is near The Rice Boat.
Priced in the higher range is Blue Spice, a coffee shop located on the riverside, close to Avalon. It welcomes families with children.
The Blue Spice is a family friendly coffee shop near Avalon and has an average customer rating.  It is in the cheap price range and located in the riverside area.
The Bibimbap House serves English food in the riverside area, near The Rice Boat.
Zizzi is a restaurant located in riverside with a price range less than £20.
The Waterman is an Indian restaurant with prices lower than 20.  It is located in the city centre area and is more adult friendly.  The customer rating is low.
A cheap place to go with kids is The Waterman.
Zizzi is a low rating and serving pub type French food.
The Plough is a family friendly  pub located near Café Rouge. It serves Indian food for less than £20.
If you are near Clare Hall, go visit Clowns a coffee shop that serves French food. With a low customer rating and it is located riverside.
The Punter is a coffee shop just north of Café Sicilia that has great reviews, is family friendly and is in the low price range.
The Plough is a  pub that serves Indian food, it's kids Friendly, with moderate price Range, near Café Rouge.
The Eagle, a coffee shop, located at City Centre near Burger King, is set at a higher price range and features French Food.  It is family-friendly.
Zizzi is a Japanese pub with a 5 out of 5 customer rating.  This is a family friendly pub.
There is a French food place near Express by Holiday Inn in the city centre, called The Rice Boat, that is children friendly, but has a price range of more than £30 and a low customer rating.
The Waterman is an expensive family friendly place located near City Centre.
Green Man in in riverside area near All Bar One. It serves Japanese food  in cheap price range. You can find Green Man near All Bar One.
The Plough is a children friendly English pub near Café Rouge with a high price range.
The Golden Palace is an expensive, one star coffee shop located near the river.
Cocum is low price coffee shop serving Italian food with a low customer rating  but not family-friendly
Loch Fyne provides Indian food It is located in the riverside. It is near The Rice Boat. Its customer rating is high.
The Twenty Two is kids friendly and serves Fast food.
Looking for a kid friendly coffee shop by the riverside, try out Zizzi.
Clowns is a coffee shop providing Italian food located in the city centre near Clare Hall with a low customer rating.
The Phoenix is moderately expensive and it has a one star rating.
Aromi is a family friendly pub with average customer rating in riverside called Aromi.
There is a coffee shop named The Eagle with a moderate price range in the city centre, near Burger King. It serves French food and is not kid friendly, however it only has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge Italian coffee shop offers family friendly service. Located near Crowne Plaza Hotel, riverside.
Aromi has a low customer rating and is a children friendly Japanese coffee shop located along the riverside.
The Waterman serves French food with prices ranging less than £20.  It is family friendly, located in the riverside area, and has an average customer rating.
There is a coffee shop in Riverside near Café Brazil named The Vaults that has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and the price range is £20-25.
Near The Portland Arms is a Chinese pub named The Dumpling Tree. It is family friendly.
The Olive Grove is a mid budget pub located at the riverside
Bibimbap House serves French Food costing more than £30. They are located near Clare Hall on the riverside
In the city centre, there is an Indian restaurant called The Phoenix .  They have a low customer rating and are priced less than £20.
The Browns Cambridge is a 5 out of 5 rating with a cheap price range. It serves Japanese food.
The Giraffe pub, on the riverfront on the north side of the City center. is a good place to get burgers and fries. They are not geared towards families and children.
There is a children friendly Japanese venue in riverside, that has a low customer rating, and is called The Rice Boat.
Strada provides Indian food in the more than £30 price range. It is near Rainbow Vegetarian Café. Its customer rating is high.
Midsummer House is located near Café Rouge, it's a fast food. restaurant.
The Olive Grove is a pub that offers English cuisine. It is located in the city centre. It has a high price range but is child friendly.
The Waterman is not family friendly and is fairly priced.
There is Japanese food at The Rice Boat near Express by Holiday Inn. It has a price range of more than £30. It has a low customer rating, is not children-friendly, and is in the riverside area.
For cheap Indian food,  with an average rating, go to Browns Cambridge.
The Rice Boat is a family-friendly fast food restaurant at City Centre, with a low Customer Rating.
Midsummer House, located near Café Rouge, serves Chinese food and has a customer rating of average.
For a moderate budget families with kids will find The Olive Grove pub on the riverside.
English Blue Spice is on the riverside.  It has a high price range.
Alimentum is English food, near Yippee Noodle Bar in city centre. Customers give it a low rating but its priced less than £20.
The coffee shop Aromi, in the riverside area,  serves Italian food, is kids friendly, and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
There is a kid friendly French restaurant with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 called The Golden Curry. Its located by the riverside near Café Rouge.
The Vaults is at the riverside located near Café Brazil.  It is a high priced coffee shop with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
By the riverside  at Bibimbap House that is near Clare Hall Italian food is cheap.
There is a moderately priced French restaurant called Browns Cambridge. It has a rating of 1 out of 5.
The Dumpling Tree is a pub providing Indian food. It is located near The Portland Arms and is not family friendly.
Loch Fyne is a fast rood restaurant with a high customer rating in the Riverside area near The Rice Boat.
The Alimentum in riverside serves French food in the price Range of £20-25 and is Kids Friendly
In the riverside area near The Rice Boat is Loch Fyne, a Japanese restaurant rated low by other customers.
Bibimbap House is an English place in the city center near The Rice Boat.
A 5 star customer rated outlet called The Rice Boat, is family-friendly
Serving Chinese food at a moderate price, Browns Cambridge is a highly rated establishment.
Near All Bar One in the riverside area is the Green Man.  It has Italian food in the less than L20 price Range.
Green Man is in the centre of the city near All Bar One.  It is family-friendly and serves Japanese food.  It has a price range of less than £20.
There is a cheap coffee shop The Golden Palace located near the river.
The Punter coffee shop has a high price range, child friendly and is located near Café Sicilia.
The children Friendly pub The Dumpling Tree has great Italian food is located near The Portland Arms.
The Golden Curry is kid friendly serving fast food.  It has a 3 out of 5 customer rating.
Browns Cambridge serves average quality sushi that has above average pricing.
Cotto is kids friendly and provides fast food with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and is found near Ranch.
The Punter is a coffee shop near Café Sicilia. It is also a Fast food place with cheap price range and a customer rating  5 out of 5. However it is not a family-friendly place.
Located north of the city centre, The Rice Boat is a three-star family restaurant.
The Waterman is a Fast food in Riverside with high customer rating, no children friendly, more than £30 price
The Rice Boat is a cheap restaurant near Express by Holiday Inn near the city centre. It serves French food, has a 5 out of 5 rating and is not family-friendly.
The Eagle provides fast-food with a high customer rating of 5 out of 5
The Eagle, with low customer rating, serves English food.
The Waterman is a moderately priced fast food restaurant. They received a 3 out of 5 customer rating and are located in city centre.
The Phoenix, located on the riverside, is a highly rated restaurant where you can eat Japanese food for about £20-25.
Strada serves high-priced fast food near Rainbow Vegetarian Café. It is family-friendly, and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
There is an expensive restaurant located on the river Alimentum that has great food for a great price. Located near the Yippee Noodle Bar.
There is a family restaurant Loch Fyne that provides English breakfast at a high price.
Near Café Rouge, there is a child friendly pub that serves high priced Italian food by the name of The Plough.
In riverside near the Express by Holiday Inn is a cheap Japanese restaurant called The Rice Boat. It has a rating of 5 out of 5 but is not family-friendly.
The Eagle has a three star customer rating and serves sushi.
Alimentum is a kid friendly riverside Japanese restaurant with meals costing more than £30.
Browns Cambridge is a cheap and 5 out of 5 rated serving French food.
The Wrestlers is a Japanese restaurant, in the high price range, and is not child-friendly.  It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
For a low rated French Pub experience try family friendly Zizzi.
The Twenty Two is a Japanese restaurant located in the city centre. It is not child friendly.
Bibimbap House is a high-priced establishment that serves Chinese food. It is located in the city centre, near Clare Hall.
The Browns Cambridge located in the city centre area near Crowne Plaza Hotel has a low customer rating, offering a family-friendly coffee shop and French food.
The Waterman is a none family-friendly restaurant located near Crowne Plaza Hotel that serves Italian.
The adults only The Waterman is sited near the Thames , it offers highly recommended Italian food at mid-range prices.
The Golden Curry is a non family-friendly restaurant that serves French food for more than £30. It is located near The Bakers.
In the riverside area there is a restaurant called The Twenty Two.  It is child friendly and serves French food.
Clowns is a pub with high customer rating. It has a price range of £20-25. It is located on the riverside.
Reasonable sushi lets you get away at The Golden Curry restaurant right near The Bakers.
There is an expensive dine-in restaurant that is family friendly called Loch Fyne.
Loch Fyne is a fast food restaurant in the riverside area near The Rice Boat and has 5 out of 5 star rating.
The Twenty Two offers French food in a children friendly atmosphere.
There is a coffee shop, The Mill, located in the city centre near The Sorrento.  The Mill offers Japanese food at an affordable price.
The Travellers Rest Beefeater is located on the riverside near Café Adriatic. Its prices are moderate and its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
With a rating of 5 out of 5, Clowns coffee shop serves Italian food. It is located near Clare Hall and city centre.
Wildwood is a coffee shop that serves Italian food for more than £30. It is near Ranch and has a high customer rating.
there is a low price coffee shop named Cocum that serving Italian food with a low customer rating  but not family-friendly
The Rice Boat serves English food and is family-friendly has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 in the city centre area.
The Cambridge Blue is a Chinese restaurant with a low customer rating.
Located near the Crown Plaza Hotel in Riverside is Browns Cambridge, a family friendly, Japanese coffee shop.
Zizzi is  a child friendly coffee shop based in the river side area that has a high price range and average customer rating.
The Twenty Two is above average in price but below average in customer ratings. The non-child friendly Twenty Two can be found near The Rice Boat in the riverside area.
In the city centre  is Zizzi, it is a cheap coffee shop with a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is not child friendly.
English food in the high price range is Alimentum. Located in centre of city near the Yippee Noodle Bar. Average customer rating.
The Vaults is a coffee shop with average pricing and a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It can be found in city centre near Café Brazil.
The Phoenix is a riverside Italian eatery with a high customer rating.
North of the city centre is Italian restaurant, The Phoenix. It is priced moderately high and has a 3 out of 5 star rating.
Located near the center of the city, The Waterman, an English restaurant, boasts an average rating and high prices, while not welcoming children.
There is a average rated French restaurant called The Rice Boat located by the river, where you can eat for less than £20 per head.  You'll find it near the Express by Holiday Inn.  It isn't family-friendly.
There is a Japanese coffee shop near Ranch called Wildwood. It is priced more than 30GBP, and has a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
A low French restaurant thats children friendly near Ranch is Cotto
Loch Fyne provides French food of top customer rating on the riverside near The Rice Boat.
A place in riverside with a high price range and an average customer rating would be The Eagle
Located near the riverside is a low price fast food pub named The Mill.
Strada is a family friendly restaurant near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.  They serve sushi and are rated 3 out of 5.  They are high priced.
Loch Fyne is a great Fast food place with a 5 out of 5 rating in the city centre near The Rice Boat.
There is a family friendly pub The Olive Grove in the City centre. It offers expensive Italian food.
The Twenty Two is for adults and near The Rice Boat in the city centre its prices are moderate and it has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Moderate price range restaurant in city centre is Zizzi.
There is a cheap coffee shop that is 3 star and serves sushi. It is called The Punter and is near Café Sicilia.
The Golden Palace is a  three star coffee shop close to the river.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly fast food restaurant with a low customer rating and has a price range of less than £20.
The Eagle is a coffee shop that serves cheap Japanese food in the city centre near Burger King. They are not family-friendly and have a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
There is a coffee shop near The Sorrento called The Mill in the riverside area serving Italian cuisine priced high.
Strada is a pub near Yippee Noodle Bar. It serves French food and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The kids friendly coffee shop in riverside has moderate prices for the Japanese food is Fitzbillies 1 out of 5 people is our rating.
The Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop located close to the Crowne Plaza Hotel.  It is family friendly.
Taste of Cambridge, a restaurant in the £30 or more price range, has a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
Located in the city centre, Browns Cambridge is a low priced Japanese restaurant with a three star rating.
On the riverside is the restaurant Aromi which serves Chinese food.
Fitzbillies, near Express by Holiday Inn, has an average customer rating and fair prices in a family friendly atmosphere.
Japanese food is served at The Rice Boat on riverside
Aromi, a restaurant in the Riverside area, serves English food.
Wildwood is a pub that serves basic quality Japanese for  those willing to spend high.
In the riverside area near The Rice Boat is a family friendly restaurant that is cheap with an average customer rating called The Twenty Two.
Offering Japanese food, The Rice Boat is located in the city centre, is not family-friendly and has high customer ratings.
There is a moderately priced fast food coffee shop in riverside, named The Golden Palace. It has received 3 out of 5 in customer ratings.
There is a coffee shop, Clowns, that serves Indian food and is located by the riverside, near Clare Hall. Their customer rating is 3 out of 5.
Strada is a family friendly restaurant that serves French food. They have low customer ratings and cheap prices. Strada is in the city near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
For French food in the riverside area, head to The Waterman pub. Customers have rated it 5 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop located on a riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is family friendly, and serves Italian food.
Situated near Café Brazil, The Cambridge Blue pub serves French food for more than £30.
The Rice Boat serves moderately-priced Chinese food and is kid friendly. They have a 1 out of 5 rating and are located in the city centre near the Express by Holiday Inn.
The fast food pub in the riverside, The Mill, has a high price range.
Midsummer House is a highly rated Chinese restaurant near Café Rouge.
There is a place called Blue Spice that serves Chinese food, has a moderate price range, and is on the riverside.
Browns Cambridge is child friendly. Its near The Sorrento and they serve English food.
Aromi is a kid friendly pub, set along the riverside which has very high customer rating
The Waterman which serves Fast food And is children Friendly is situated near the Crowne Plaza Hotel
For an averagely rated restaurant, head to The Cambridge Blue. This restaurant serves English food.
With a price range of less than £20, Green Man is in the riverside area near All Bar One that serve French cuisine. It is not family-friendly.
The Waterman serves expensive, high rated Chinese food. It is kid friendly and in the riverside area.
The Rice Boat is located near Express by Holiday Inn. Yes, it is kids friendly, serves Japanese food and price range is £20-25 with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Strada is a low price coffee shop near Rainbow Vegetarian Café that serving Italian food with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 but not family-friendly
For more than 30 Euros a meal, the highly rated coffee shop of The Golden Palace has amazing Italian Food at the riverside.
Midsummer House serves Chinese food near All Bar One. It has a high customer rating and a price range of over £30.
The Twenty Two is a child friendly restaurant with English food.
Cocum is a child friendly coffee shop serving English food in the more than £30 price range with a high customer rating
Oriental cuisine on the waterfront at The Waterman. 5 star dining for the whole family for a low price.
Offering English-fare, The Punter is a reasonably priced restaurant.
Come too The Dumpling Tree French restaurant where prices are moderate.
Taste of Cambridge is located near the Crowne Plaza Hotel on the riverside, it is a family friendly coffee shop serving Japanese foods.
Near Express by Holiday Inn in the city centre is The Rice Boat, which serves Japanese food. It is highly rated with a price range of £20-25 but is not a kid friendly establishment
Aromi is a riverside Indian restaurant.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Indian food in the £20-25 price range. It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is high.
The Punter, near to Café Sicilia, is a coffee shop serving French food. You can eat for less than £20 in this family friendly place and it has a customer rating of average.
Alimentum is near Yippee Noodle Bar in the city center, they have moderate priced English food and a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Eagle coffee Shop is a cheap 1 star sushi restaurant. It's located in city centre, east of Burger King.  Not family friendly.  It offers deliveries, take-out and eat-in.
The family friendly Browns Cambridge coffee shop sells Indian food in the city centre near the Crowne Plaza Hotel but has a low customer rating
a family Friendly Indian food is The Twenty Two
Aromi, a family-friendly coffee shop, is a low rated Japanese venue near the center of the city.
The Twenty Two is a family friendly restaurant featuring Japanese cuisine.
The Waterman is very expensive and is located near the city centre.
The Green Man is a kid friendly fast food environment near the riverside and All Bar One in the low price range.
The Wrestlers offers  Fast food and coffee shop with expensive price near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Portland Arms is a updated new town that has definitely moved up in the property ladder, with riverside views comes The Punter with a high price rang, a child friendly establishment where you can  bring your friends and family.
The Golden Curry is child friendly with and excellent customer rating serving Italian food.
The Wildwood is a mid ranged French eatery with average customer ratings. It is located near the Ranch.
A French restaurant in the city centre that cost less than 20 euros is Blue Spice.
Aromi is in the area of riverside and is a kids friendly pub and has a rating of 1 out of 5.
The French restaurant Strada is a family friendly restaurant with an average customer rating and a prince range below £20 that is located by Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
The Waterman serves English food at moderate prices. It is located at the riverside. It does not cater for families with children and was given a low customer rating.
The Twenty Two restaurant serves Japanese food and is family friendly it is located by the riverside.
The Blue Spice is a great 5 out of 5 stars restaurant definitely not for children but for adults located in the city centre near Avalon.
The Mill is an expensive fast food coffee shop in riverside near The Sorrento.
The Mill is a pub located in the city centre that serves fast food in a moderate price range.
There is a kids friendly pub serving English food,called The Dumpling Tree near The Portland Arms.
The Waterman near Crowne Plaza Hotel sells English food and has children friendly service.
The riverside pub The Mill serves Italian food. It is cheap.
There is a one-star restaurant Midsummer House located in Café Rouge.
The Eagle is rated five stars for full English breakfast
In riverside there is The Alimentum which is Kids Friendly with a price Range of£ 20-25and is Kids Friendly
The Twenty Two restaurant is located near The Rice Boat.  It is riverside.  Price range is high.  It is child friendly and the customer rating is average.
In Riverside there is a  pub restaurant called The Olive Grove and it is family friendly and the price range is less than 20 pounds.
The coffee shop, Cocum, serves Japanese fare at moderate prices and a kid friendly environment. Customer ratings are 1 out of 5.
There is an English restaurant called The Wrestlers which has a rating of 5 out of 5. It is cheaply priced but is not family-friendly.
Browns Cambridge is moderately priced and is rated by customers at 3 out of 5.
With a 3 out of 5 rating, Midsummer House near All Bar One offers moderate priced English food.
The customer rating of the family friendly Japanese restaurant Cotto near the Ranch is average.
Rated highly by its customers, The Vaults coffee shop near Café Brazil serves meals from £20-£25.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop that offer Italian food also, less than £20 average and located by the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine. Kids not welcome.
The pub called Zizzi is kid friendly, has high reviews, and also has Chinese food.
A child friendly pub called Aromi is in the riverside area with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Clowns is a 3-star coffee shop close to Clare Hall.
The Mill is a coffee shop providing Japanese food in the average price range. It is located in the riverside near The Sorrento.
There is a fast food pub near Yippee Noodle Bar called Strada. It has customer rating of 3 out of 5.
There is a children friendly coffee shop on the riverside called Zizzi. It has a moderate price range and customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Rice Boat sells Indian food, at cheap prices, average customer service, located in City Centre, not family friendly located near Express by Holiday Inn
Fitzbillies is an Italian coffee shop located in riverside providing cheap food. It boasts an average rating of 5 out of 5 but is not family-friendly.
The Wrestlers is a three star restaurant featuring French cuisine, high prices and a non-child friendly attitude.
Located in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine, The Wrestlers coffee shop offers French food. Child friendly ranging in price more end £30.
The Vaults is a coffee shop near Café Brazil in riverside area, with high-priced range.
The Golden Curry is a low price, family friendly, restaurant close to The Bakers.
With an average price range and a high customer rating, Wildwood is a coffee shop near Ranch,
Green Man is a Food French restaurant. It located in riverside area near All Bar One. Green Man is a Children Friendly, and the price more than £30.
The Waterman  is high  and has a high customer rating but no children allowed in city centre  it is fast food.
The Cricketers is a not family-friendly, average coffee shop serving French food near The Portland Arms.
The Phoenix is an Italian restaurant located in the city centre and has an average review
The Eagle, a slightly pricey  highly rated Italian coffee shop in the riverside area near Burger King serves Italian food and is not child friendly.
The Rice Boat, located near Express by Holiday Inn in the city centre is a Japanese restaurant that is kids friendly in the 20-25 price range that has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Loch Fyne is a popular English restaurant near The Rice Boat.
A child friendly fast food establishment is The Twenty Two.  It's located in riverside.
Located in Riverside, The Waterman provides fast food pub style.
Cotto is a coffee shop in the city centre. As well as being a coffee shop, it also sells Indian food. It has a moderate price range and a customer rating of 3 out of 5. With reasonable prices, Cotto can be found near The Portland Arms in the city centre.
Taste of Cambridge is a coffee shop that offers Japanese food an is kid friendly. Its in the riverside area near the Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Midsummer House serves Japanese food and meals are normally £30 or more. Its very close to All Bar One and has a customer rating of low.
There is an Italian family friendly place to eat called Alimentum in riverside and it is cheap.
The Waterman is not a child friendly English food place, which is by the riverside has a high customer rating and a price range of £20-25.
We are a cheap family friendly coffee shop with an average rating located we The Bakers. We are Giraffe.
Browns Cambridge is located in city centre near The Sorrento. They serve English food and not kid friendly.
An Indian food place called The Wrestlers has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and is moderately priced.
Giraffe is an Indian pub near the riverside. It is family friendly, so children are welcome.
The Twenty Two is a family friend restaurant offering Fast food in the riverside area.
There is an average Chinese named Loch Fyne near The Rice Boat on the riverside.
The Green Man is an average priced Indian restaurant located near All Bar One. Not family friendly.
Take your kids to The Punter it's right next to Café Sicilia.   Your kids will enjoy the overpriced Japanese food.
The Waterman is an expensive English restaurant located in the city centre. It is not recommended for children, but it has received a high customer rating.
Alimentum is a high priced Italian restaurant in riverside that is children friendly.
British food at The Rice Boat, close to river and Express by Holiday Inn, offers low cost 5 star family friendly dining.
Loch Fyne is kid-friendly and serves fast food.
A good Fast food choice with an average customer service rating, Cotto is family friendly and located near Ranch.
A restaurant with above average prices but low customer ratings is Taste of Cambridge.
Families can dine at an expensive restaurant called Strada.   Strada is located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
The Phoenix is a high end Italian restaurant in the city centre area.
Near the center of the city, the high rating coffee shop, The Golden Palace, serves Italian food ranging more than l30.
The Rice Boat serves French food. Relatively cheap. and family-friendly. Located near Express by Holiday Inn in the city centre area.
The Eagle is a children friendly French coffee shop near Burger King in the city centre with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and a high price range.
Low rated, cheap, fast food at The Phoenix in Riverside.
Located near The Six Bells, Fitzbillies has great French food in the £20-25 range.
There is a kid friendly French restaurant called Loch Fyne.
The Rice Boat is an expensive, sushi, restaurant.  It is family friendly and rated one star.  It is located in City centre near the Express by Holiday Inn.
Zizzi is an Indian pub. It is kid friendly. The customer rating is 3 out of 5.
The Mills is a pub that serves cheap Chinese food in riverside.
The Cambridge Blue is an Italian restaurant. This restaurant has a low customer Rating.
There is a pub named The Waterman that provides Chinese food with an average customer rating in riverside.
Green Man is an Italian restaurant which is located in the city centre near the All Bar One. The restaurant has a family-friendly atmosphere. The price range of the Italian meals are below £20..
The Mill serves expensive English food. It is a pub near the river.
The Golden Palace is a mid-priced coffee shop on the river that also specializes in cheeses and wine.
There is a restaurant in the heart of the city that is cheap called The Punter.
In riverside near Café Rouge is The Golden Curry serving Italian. They have a customer rating of 5 out of 5 and are not family-friendly.
In the riverside area. Sits a kid friendly pub named Giraffe. Serving great French quinine.
The Rice Boat provides Chinese food in the less than £20 price range. It is located in the riverside. It is near Express by Holiday Inn. Its customer rating is low.
Cocum is an average rated, child friendly, high-priced pub.
The Eagle is  coffee shop that serve French food but is not children friendly and ranges more than £30 but has a low rating. It's located in riverside near Burger King.
The Wrestlers provides Chinese food in the high price range. Its customer rating is average.
There is a moderately priced place in city centre named Blue Spice.
There is a kid friendly restaurant Cotto near the Ranch.
A family friendly Indian restaurant is The Waterman, located near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
The Cricketers is a coffee shop with a one star rating offering food near The Portland Arms.
The Punter is a more expensive place to eat noodles.
Clowns is a coffee shop serving Japanese food.  It has an average customer rating and is near Clare Hall in the city centre area.
The Waterman it is a Chinese restaurant that offers food at a high price range. It is customer rating are 1 out of 5. Locate at City centre area, children are welcome.
Taste of Cambridge is a not family-friendly French coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel near the riverside.
Alimentum is a highly rated venue serving Japanese food for a budget between £20 and £25. It is near the Yippee Noodle Bar in the riverside area.
With a rating of 5 out of 5, Midsummer House is a French restaurant near Café Rouge
Loch Fyne is in the £20-25 price range. It is a kids friendly fast food restaurant.
There is Blue Spice in the city centre. It is in the average price and rating range and it is also kids friendly.
Just down The road from The Sorrento and by the river is a pub called Taste of Cambridge.
Cotto is an Indian coffee shop in the high price range and with an average customer rating. It is located in the city centre near The Portland Arms.
Aromi coffee shop offers Indian food by the riverside. It had a low customer rating and is not family friendly.
Alimentum is an Italian food restaurant in the riverside area that is family friendly with prices in the high range.
In the city centre, near to The Rice Boat is located The Twenty Two and offers family area. It has a price range less than £20  but with an average customer rating.
Green Man at riverside is cheap and family-Friendly.
You'll spend less than £20 at Cocum, a low rated pub. Not family-friendly.
There is a restaurant named The Cambridge Blue that has French food, and the customer rating is high.
In the city centre is The Waterman pub.  It serves average Italian food.
There is an Indian restaurant that is kids friendly. It is Loch Fyne.
With good price, excellent service and delicious French food, The Cambridge Blue pub, located near Café Brazil, is an excellent place to eat and have a drink.
There is a high-priced Japanese restaurant in the city center with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 called The Waterman. It is not children friendly.
Aromi is a family friendly pub in riverside with a low customer rating.
Near The Portland Arms in Riverside is a low priced, family friendly establishment called The Punter.
Located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café is a cheap restaurant called Strada with a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is not family-friendly.
An average, family-friendly, Japanese restaurant, in the city centre is The Rice Boat.
Strada is a new pub near Yippee Noodle Bar. Specializing in English food, with a customer rating of 1 out of 5, you won't want to pass this up.
The not too kid friendly, low customer rating, French coffee shop, Fitzbillies, is near riverside with a price range of less than L20.
The Waterman is an Italian riverside high rated restaurant which is useful if you have a budget of more than £30 and don't have any children as it isn't family-friendly.
The Cotto is a coffee shop that offers Japanese cuisine and is located in the riverside area near The Portland Arms. The Cotto has received a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and has moderate prices.
Travellers Rest Beefeater located near Café Adriatic in riverside has a rating of 3 out of 5.
The Olive Grove is a restaurant in Riverside that's kids friendly.
Enjoy a family friendly environment near the riverside with English food at The Twenty Two.
In the city center area is a fast food restaurant called the Alimentum that has a high price range and is not child friendly.
There is a great coffee shop named The Eagle located in the centre of the city near Burger King. They offer fast food, and are reasonably priced with meals costing around E20-E25. They have a high customer rating and are very kid friendly.
A low priced French food restaurant near The Six Bells is Fitzbillies.
In the Riverside area, there is a family-friendly French coffee shop called The Eagle. It is located near Burger King and has a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
You will find The Waterman in the city centre, they offer French food at less than £20 and are family-friendly. Customer rating, however, is low.
Clowns riverside  fast food and coffee shop good customer rating  near Clare Hall.
We only have an average rating, but we offer fast food, a family friendly attitude, a riverside coffee shop and we're near the Crowne Plaza Hotel. So some along to Browns Cambridge.
Located in city centre near The Rice Boat is the French Loch Fyne. They have a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
For average, moderately priced Chinese food in a riverside location, head to The Rice Boat by Express by Holiday Inn.
Cotto provides Indian food It is near Ranch. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
Beside The Rice Boat is a five-star Sushi restaurant called Loch Fyne.
Loch Fyne is a restaurant with Indian food but is not family friendly.
Along the Riverside and near The Portland Arms, is a family friendly restaurant with a price range under 20 euros named The Punter.
The Punter is a 1 out of 5 rated coffee shop located near Café Sicilia. They sell a moderate price Japanese food and the location are kids friendly
The Blue Spice coffee shop, located in the riverside area near the Avalon, has a high price range and average customer rating. It is children friendly.
There is a cheap French coffee shop near Ranch called Wildwood it has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Giraffe is a non-children friendly and expensive coffee shop near The Bakers. It is highly rated.
The Punter is a non-children friendly expensive highly rated coffee shop near the Café Sicilia. It serves English food.
Taste of Cambridge is a riverside coffee shop which serves Fast food. It is located near Crowne Plaza Hotel. Children are welcome.
The price range is high for a 1 out of 5 rated place. The Wildwood is a pub with Italian food.
A coffee shop named Fitzbillies is located  in the city centre. It is children friendly with a high price range and average customer rating.
The Golden Curry restaurant is serving French food and has a customer rating 5 out of 5 that isn't family-friendly.
For Italian foods recommended with high customer ratings, Cocum is the place.  This coffee shop is children friendly with prices more than £30,
The Wrestlers coffee shop serves French food and is near the city center and the Raja Indian Cuisine.  It is not family-friendly and is priced in the less than 20 pound range.
Although the price range is considered cheap the customers rated The Phoenix a five out of five, this venue serves Chinese food by the riverside.
The Wrestlers, rated 1 out 5 stars, offers a selection of food for a low price and is family friendly.
Fitzbillies, a French coffee shop with reasonable prices received an average customer rating. They are located in the riverside area.
Green Man provides Chinese food in the less than £20 price range. It is located in the riverside. It is near All Bar One.
A French restaurant called The Vaults is family friendly with meals less than  £20.
The Cricketers Fast food coffee shop close to The Portland Arms has no facilities for children, also has a low customer rating.
French styled and family friendly, The Twenty Two is located in riverside.
The Twenty Two is a sushi restaurant for adult customers.
The Vaults serves low priced British Food. It is not family friendly.
A family friendly restaurant that serves French food near the riverside area is called The Twenty Two.
Strada is a pub featuring Indian food near Yippee Noodle Bar. Customers have rated it average.
The Eagle is a coffee shop by Burger King at the end of the city which has average prices.
Fitzbillies is a kid friendly coffee shop in riverside. They serve fast food with slight above average prices. The customer rating is high.
A family friendly Italian restaurant named Strada is located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café. It has low customer ratings with prices under £20.
The Rice Boat offers average-rated, cheap Indian food in the riverside area. The Rice Boat is in the riverside area near Express by Holiday Inn.
Located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café is a moderately priced,  family friendly fine dining restaurant named Strada.
Blue Spice is a moderately priced, kid-friendly restaurant by the riverside. It is rated by customers as 1 out of 5.
The Eagle is a child friendly Italian food coffee shop near Burger King in the city center area with an average customer rating and a high price range.
There is a cheap coffee shop outside the centre of the city called Fitzbillies where the whole family is welcome.
Near Café Sicilia there is a cheap Italian coffee shop called The Punter. It is not family-friendly and has an average customer rating.
The Eagle is a low priced coffee shop with a three star rating. It is located in the city centre near Burger King.
If you are looking for a family friendly restaurant then head to Loch Fyne which serves French food.
Browns Cambridge is a fast food restaurant priced over £30 with a low customer rating.
Zizzi is located near riverside and is a kid friendly coffee shop.
With a rating of 5 out of 5 The Waterman is a cheap, Italian restaurant on the riverside that is not family-friendly.
There is an Italian restaurant in the city centre, known as Aromi.
The Olive Grove is an expensive pub in the riverside area serving Chinese food to an adult crowd.
The Golden Curry is not family-friendly and has a low customer rating. It provides Italian food.
Strada is an excellent, moderately priced and family-friendly British restaurant located near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café
Located riverside, near Crowne Plaza Hotel is a kids friendly coffee shop, Browns Cambridge, which serves Indian food. It has a high customer rating.
Alimentum an Indian restaurant in the less than £20 price range is not family friendly and is located in the city centre.
Zizzi is a restaurant located in the city centre. The price range is more than £30.
The Golden Curry is a non-friendly family restaurant located in Riverside near the Café Rouge. They have average ratings and serve Italian Food.
The Vaults serves Italian food and it is children friendly. The price range is more than £30.
There is a Japanese pub called The Plough near Café Rouge which is children friendly and averages more than £30
Located near Café Rouge, Midsummer House serves English food but has a low customer rating.
In the riverside area, The Olive Grove is a child friendly restaurant.
English food can be found at The Twenty Two, a kids-friendly place in the riverside area.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop serving Italian food located in the riverside area. It is not child friendly but comes with a high customer rating. It has a price range of more than £30.
Blue Spice is a family friendly riverside restaurant.  It is moderately priced and the customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Mill is a coffee shop with a price range of 20-25 pounds.  It is located in the riverside area near The Sorrento.
The Green Man is located in the city centre and has a price range of more than £30, and is kid-friendly.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop that has a price range of less than 20 euros. They also serve Japanese food on riverside, however have a low customer rating.
The Waterman is a fast food restaurant next to the river. The food are not cheap but not too expensive. This is a family friendly restaurant.
You can get cheap French food at The Wrestlers, they aren't family-friendly but have a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
With a moderate price range Strada offers Japanese food and is kid friendly. Located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
Blue Spice is a low-rated,  high-end Riverside restaurant catering for families.
There is a low-priced pub restaurant serving French food called The Mill. It is located in the city centre.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is a restaurant that is not family-friendly. It has a price range of less than 20 pounds.
The Travellers Rest Beefeater is a child friendly restaurant with a price range over £30.
Get cheap French food at The Punter
A children friendly place is The Waterman. The price is really cheap.
Browns Cambridge, located in the riverside area near The Sorrento, serves Indian food and is child friendly.
Wildwood is a highly recommended coffee shop serving moderately priced fast food, it is located in the city centre near Ranch.
Blue Spice serves inexpensive food near the river.
The child friendly Strada, has a price range of over £30 and a customer rating of 5 out of 5
Browns Cambridge is a moderate price place that sells Italian food with a customer rating 3 out of 5
Midsummer House is a moderately priced Italian restaurant in the vicinity of All Bar One.
There is a high end 3 out of 5 stars restaurant Blue Spice located in the centre of the city that is not child friendly.
The Phoenix offers Indian food at reasonable prices of £20-25 for a meal. It offers a riverside location and has regularly received high customer ratings.
Wildwood serves highly-rated, yet moderately priced Indian in a pub-style setting.
In the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine is coffee shop called a The Wrestlers. It serves fast food for less than £20 and isn't family-friendly.
In the riverside area, near Café Sicilia, you can find the cheap family friendly coffee shop called The Dumpling Tree.
The Vaults is located in City center. High Price range but family-friendly.
A moderately priced menu for families at The Plough near Café Rouge. An Italian pub.
French restaurant with a child friendly atmosphere. Dishes at Strada are typically over £30. Strada can be found near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
Aromi is a non-family-friendly coffee shop that serves Italian Food. They are located near riverside and have an average rating.
Blue Spice is a range more than £30 and they are serving Japanese tea.
The Loch Fyne is a fast food restaurant.  It is not family-friendly, but it costs less than £20.
The Wrestlers is a low rated Italian  restaurant with a 1 out of 5.   The prices are moderate and it is not kid friendly.
The Cricketers is a coffee shop located near The Portland Arms.  It serves Japanese food, is family-friendly, and is rated three stars.
The Cambridge Blue serves cheap French food. It's near to Café Brazil.
The Dumpling Tree is an Indian restaurant with low prices.
In the city centre near Clare Hall is a Japanese restaurant called Bibimbap House. It is less than £20.
The Golden Palace is a higher priced coffee shop on the riverside that serves French food and has a low customer service rating.
There is an average friendly fast food coffee shop named Fitzbillies at city centre
Zizzi is an expensive coffee shop in riverside that is not children friendly and only has a 3 out of 5 customer rating.
Browns Cambridge sells Indian food and is in riverside area near The Sorrento. it is also kids friendly
Strada is a Fast food restaurant located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café with prices more than £30.  It is not a children friendly establishment.
A high priced restaurant that serves Chinese food is The Punter.
Fitzbillies is a restaurant providing food more than £30.  It is located near of Express by Holiday Inn.
In the riverside area there is a highly rated kid friendly establishment, The Waterman that serves French food in the £20-25 price range
The Dumpling Tree pub is near The Portland Arms.  It is not family friendly.
Near the Café Adriatic is a pub called The Vaults with a price range of £20-25 and a high customer rating
The Mill is a pub type restaurant near riverside.
Taste of Cambridge is a child-friendly pub located in riverside, near The Sorrento.
Aromi Fast food coffee shop in riverside gives you a children-friendly environment with a high customer rating.
The Cambridge Blue is a low-rated Indian restaurant.
I wonder if there is a coffee shop that offers Japanese food near the Riverside. I'm having a hard time finding one. The closest thing I found was The Mill, located in The Sorrento.
The Mill serving Fast food is a high priced pub near the riverside.
A great Japanese placed called Midsummer House is near Café Rouge.
Come to The Plough, a fast food pub situated near Café Rouge. Not family-friendly and meals cost under £20
With a customer rating of 5 out of 5, Fitzbillies is a cheap fast food establishment located in the city centre. This coffee shop is not family-friendly.
For a children friendly restaurant visit Travellers Rest Beefeater, but be prepared as it's high priced.
The Vaults is a Japanese kids friendly restaurant that is in the price range of £20-25.
There is a French, coffee shop with high ratings in the city centre, near Crowne Plaza Hotel. The name is Browns Cambridge. It's not family-friendly though
A coffee shop called the Giraffe is near The Bakers and the price range is cheap. It is family friendly and it is rated 5 out of 5.
Blue Spice offers Indian food,  within a moderate price range. It is located in a riverside area.
Japanese restaurant Loch Fyne is family-Friendly
Loch Fyne Italian restaurant is a moderate priced kid friendly restaurant
There is a coffee shop that serves Japanese food called The Mill. It is near The Sorrento, in the city centre, and has a price range if more than £30.
The Rice Boat is an Italian restaurant located in the city centre near Express by Holiday Inn.  It is not a kids friendly restaurant.  It is moderately priced with a customer rating of 3.
A low rated family friendly Indian restaurant is in city centre called The Rice Boat.
Wildwood is a restaurant near Café Rouge with food at low prices.
Located near Café Sicilia Japanese coffee Shop The Punter is children Friendly , Ranges are more than £30 with a low customer rating
The Dumpling Tree is a mid priced restaurant offering English food.
Along the riverside, near The Sorrento is a French coffee shop with low prices called The Mill.
Slightly more than 30 British pounds, The Golden Curry Chinese restaurant welcomes children and located near The Bakers.
The Golden Curry provides Indian food It is located in the city centre. It is near Café Rouge. Its customer rating is low.
The Eagle serves Italian food and is rated low by customers.
The Alimentum is a child friendly Japanese place in the city centre which is moderately priced
Fitzbillies is a moderately priced, adults-only, French coffee shop in the city centre. It receives a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Zizzi pub is family friendly pub serving fast food with a low customer rating.
Bibimbap House is an Italian restaurant in City centre near Clare Hall. They are high-priced.
Cotto is Fast food. It is located near Café Rouge.
A city centre pub serving Japanese food called The Waterman has been given an average customer satisfaction rating.
The Mill pub has a riverside location and serves low-average price Chinese food.
The Golden Curry is a kid friendly and highly rated at 4 for their Japanese food.
Satisfied customers who visited Strada which is close to Rainbow Vegetarian Café boast of it's cheap food price, family Friendliness and English cuisine.
The Rice Boat is a cheap restaurant located near Express by Holiday Inn.  The Rice Boat is family friendly and is rated 3 stars.
Loch Fyne is a 3 star, family friendly Café located close to The Rice Boat providing Japanese food. It is located in the city centre.
Green Man is a family friendly venue in the riverside area with lower prices than average.  Clowns is a restaurant near The Portland Arms.
On the river near The Rice Boat, there is a high-priced, family friendly restaurant called The Twenty Two. They received one star.
Excellent Japanese food can be had at Cotto near the Ranch. With a customer rating of 5 out of 5, and family friendly environment.
The Wrestlers serves French food at above average prices. Customers have given it a high satisfaction rating. It does not cater for children.
There is a moderately priced Japanese restaurant called the Strada, situated near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café. It is not suitable for families and has a low customer rating.
A fast food and coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre, The Wrestlers is a family-friendly place where you can eat for less than £20
Near Express by Holiday Inn in city centre is a family friendly Chinese restaurant The Rice Boat. It has a low customer rating and price range less than 20 euros.
Browns Cambridge offers a fast food menu in the lower price range. It is not rated highly by customers.
There is a children friendly restaurant Alimentum in riverside. They are above average price range and they serve English food.
The Wrestlers is not a family-friendly and low customer rating cheat Japanese restaurant.
There is a no children-friendly coffee shop The Punter located near Café Sicilia that provides Italian food in the high price range with the low customer rating.
The Golden Curry is a family friendly, Italian restaurant near the Café Rouge in the riverside area, with a low customer rating.
The Phoenix  providing Chinese food in the moderate price range near riverside area of city .
There is a sushi restaurant called The Twenty Two which is not family-friendly.
Zizzi is a child friendly coffee shop located in the city centre.
Giraffe is a Chinese pub in the Riverside area that is not family friendly.
Strada is a family friendly mid priced wine and cheese eatery, located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
The Plough is a moderately priced pub that serves Indian food with a kids friendly atmosphere. It is located near Café Rouge.
The Golden Curry is a decent, family friendly Japanese restaurant along the riverside near Café Rouge.
Browns Cambridge is a Japanese restaurant with high priced food and excellent customer ratings.
Giraffe located near The Bakers is a coffee shop with a modest price range of £20-25 with a high rating from our fans, no children
The Cricketers is a low rated but family friendly coffee shop located near The Portland Arms that serves Indian food.
Fitzbillies expensive Fast food near The Six Bells.
The Plough is a child friendly pub near Café Rouge serving Chinese food for moderate prices.
The moderately priced French coffee shop, The Golden Palace is located in the city centre.  It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Green Man is family friendly and is located in the riverside area near All Bar One.  It serves English food and has a cheap price range.
The Rice Boat provides Chinese food It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is average.
The 5-star, family-friendly coffee shop, Fitzbillies, is located near the river and offers low-priced fare.
Looking for an average priced coffee shop that is highly rated, child friendly and near the river then try Zizzi.
The Eagle is a coffee shop type Italian restaurant in the moderate price range with kids friendly atmosphere. It is located in the city centre near Burger King with a customer rating 1 out of 5.
Located near Express by Holiday Inn, Fitzbillies is child friendly and has a high customer rating.  It is in the high price range.
Alimentum is a cheap eating place outside Cambridge City Centre.
Highly rated and mid-range prices, the coffee shop Cocum loves families.
Located near Clare Hall, Clowns is  a coffee shop with a very high customer rating located riverside.
There is a cheaply priced, family friendly coffee shop where you can get Japanese food. It is called The Eagle and is near to Burger King. Customers have rated it as 5 out of 5.
English food is served at Cotto near Café Rouge.
The child friendly restaurant Zizzi serves French food and has outstanding ratings.
The Golden Curry is an affordable, family friendly restaurant located near The Bakers.
The Waterman serves English, and is located near the Crowne Plaza Hotel.
This coffee shop has children friendly Japanese food Cocum which has low customer rating and price range of £30.
The Twenty Two is an Indian restaurant in the riverside area and is family friendly.
The Vaults is a pub near Café Adriatic. Its high prices but only has average customer ratings
Green Man its a place with awesome Italian food, in the area of city centre near of All Bar One with a high price range but children-friendly
coffee shop Zizzi, located in the riverside area is a child friendly restaurant. The customer rating is 5 out of 5 and the price range is more than £30.
Cocum is a children friendly pub, it has a low customer rating and goods cost more than £30.
The Waterman is a child-friendly, moderately priced Chinese restaurant in the center of the city with a review score of 3 out of 5.
the Aromi coffee shop sells Japanese food in riverside, the customer ratings are low and families are not welcome
There is a high price range Indian food place by the riverside that is rated 1 out of 5 by customers called The Waterman. It is not children friendly.
Alimentum is a family-friendly French restaurant in the city centre. The price range is less than £20.
Near the Crowne Plaza Hotel there is the Italian restaurant, The Waterman. It is not family-friendly.
Café Sicilia and The Dumpling Tree, near riverside, have a price Range of £20-25 and are kids Friendly.
Clowns is a average customer rated fast food, coffee shop with an average customer rating.  They are located in Riverside near Clare Hall.
Near the riverside, Aromi is a coffee shop that serves French food. Aromi is family friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
I spent more than £30 on French food at that restaurant Blue Spice by the riverside.
Clowns is located in the city centre near Clare Hall. An Italian coffee shop with an average customer rating.
Come check out The Dumpling Tree restaurant serving seafood at affordable prices.
The Wrestlers is a moderately priced family restaurant near the city centre.
The Rice Boat near Express by Holiday Inn in the riverside area serves low priced average Italian food and is family friendly.
The Wrestlers is a high priced coffee shop located near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is family friendly.
The Punter is located near The Portland Arms in the riverside area, not kids-friendly and in the moderate price range.
The Wildwood coffee shop offers low priced fine dining. It is located near Ranch and has a 1 out of 5 rating.
The Zizzi is a kids friendly pub that has high customer rating and serves English food.
Wildwood is a low price, one star coffee shop that sells sushi, it is located next to the Ranch.
The Vaults is a high-priced  British restaurant that welcomes families.
The Rice Boat  is a family friendly venue serving Indian food.  It is located in the city centre
Riverside is The Waterman, French food but for adults only.  The customer ratings are average and the prices are under £20.
The Phoenix is a cheap Italian restaurant in the city centre. Its customer rating is low.
Fitzbillies is a family friendly coffee shop located north of the city. They have average ratings and high costs.
The Rice Boat is a sushi restaurant near Express by Holiday Inn rated one out of five stars.
The Punter is a fast food restaurant priced £20-£25
The Waterman is providing Chinese food in the high price range. It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is average.
While Zizzi coffee shop has a family friendly environment and prices below £20, it has received a low customer satisfaction rating.
An expensive Japanese coffee shop in city centre is called The Golden Palace.
There is a family-Friendly restaurant near The Rice Boat called The Twenty Two. It is less than £20 and rated average.
Located near The Rice Boat, this riverside establishment, Loch Fyne, serves French food and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Strada is highly rated and child-friendly, with a price-range over  £30.
The Olive Grove restaurant is a pub that serves French food that is in City Centre that is family-friendly that costs less than £20
At the riverside, the restaurant The Golden Palace receives 3 out of 5 customer rating.
Cocum is a cheap family friendly coffee shop in  the heart of the city.
Averagely priced, highly rated coffee shop, Blue Spice is located in the city centre near Avalon and is not kid-friendly.
Loch Fyne is a restaurant serving Italian food in the centre of the city near The Rice Boat.  It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Aromi is an average, not family-friendly coffee shop serving fast food in the city centre.
The Cambridge Blue is a low customer Rated restaurant. The food they serve is Italian.
In the city centre there is a fast food venue called Alimentum. The price range is quite high but it is family-friendly.
Outside of the City centre there is a medium cost pub called The Olive Grove that serves sushi.
Alimentum serves English food on the riverside, which is kids friendly with the moderate price.
Loch Fyne is an Indian restaurant that is kids friendly.
The child friendly Loch Fyne restaurant aims to serve moderately prices, English style food.
There is a Japanese Pub near Café Brazil, Called The Cambridge Blue, The prices range £20-25.
The Eagle is located near Burger King in the riverside area. It is family friendly Italian food coffee shop. With average prices range and Customer low rated.
The Rice Boat serves fast food in the moderate price range. It is located in the city centre, near Express by Holiday Inn. It is not kid-friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Aromi is a coffee that is not family-friendly located in city centre specializing in French food and they have a low customer rating.
Alimentum is a fast food restaurant in the city centre located near The Yippee Noodle Bar. The price range is high but customers rate it 5 out of 5.
There is a Japanese pub at the riverside called The Mill. The price range is between £20 and £25.
Aromi is a family friendly coffee shop with Italian food.
Zizzi is a high priced coffee shop that is child friendly. Rated 1- 5.
For moderately expensive food by the riverside, you can go to The Eagle. Customers rate it 3 out of 5.
There is a 5 out of 5 rated coffee shop in the Clare Hall and riverside area called Clowns that offer Japanese style cuisine
In the center of the city, The Watermans serves Japanese  food in the price range of L20-25. It is kid friendly and has a high rating.
A restaurant near The Six Bells called Fitzbillies serves Japanese food pricing more than 30 pounds.
The Golden Palace is a 5 out of 5 restaurant in the riverside
Zizzi is a children friendly coffee shop with a high customer rating. Like many in the riverside area the price range is more than £30.
In the city centre it's found a low-cost coffee shop, is called Fitzbillies, serves dishes from £30 for all
Bring the whole family to The Vaults for a great value on a great meal.
For cheap Japanese food there's Fitzbillies in the riverside area. The coffee shop is family friendly and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Loch Fyne is a Chinese restaurant. The price range is around £20 and it is family friendly.
Located at riverside is Alimentum. Offering moderately priced Chinese food, not kid friendly.
The Golden Curry is a child friendly Italian food place with a high customer rating.
The Rice Boat is a family friendly restaurant that serves Japanese food on the riverside.  Customer satisfaction is low.
The Eagle is coffee shop that serves average French food in city centre near Burger King. It is not family-friendly place with  price less than £20.
The Phoenix is a restaurant with 3 stars, located near DE river
The Dumpling Tree is a non-family-friendly pub serving wine and cheese near The Portland Arms.
An average rated restaurant located in the city centre is The Rice Boat.  It is a family friendly Indian restaurant
Strada has a moderate price range and a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is not child-friendly.
Located near the city centre, The Golden Palace, an Italian coffee shop, with a high price range and a low customer rating.
There is a child-friendly coffee shop serving Italian food named Taste of Cambridge in Riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
The Punter is a coffee shop near Café Sicilia. It is cheap, poorly rated, and not family friendly.
The Golden Curry is a children friendly English restaurant with a high price range near The Bakers.
The Golden Curry is an adult Chinese restaurant located near The Bakers. The food is average price.
Kid friendly, The Twenty Two serves Italian food.
Browns Cambridge is an Italian coffee shop with high customer satisfaction and child-friendly settings. It is located in riverside, near the Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Blue Spice is a English restaurant in the city center by less than £20.
The Olive Grove is a pub which is kid friendly and serves moderately priced Chinese food at riverside.
Green Man is near All Bar One located in city centre. They have Italian food with high prices an are not kid friendly.
Green Man is a family friendly place that serves fast food. Meals average less than 20 pounds, Green Man is near All Bar One in the riverside area.
The Phoenix at riverside serves Fast food at cheap prices and is rated 5 out of 5
The Eagle is a low-priced coffee shop outside  the city centre next to Burger King that delivers take-away.
Fitzbillies, located along riverside is a moderately priced coffee shop serving Italian food with a customer rating of 1 out of 5. They are not child friendly.
A pub that serves French food with a high customer rating near Yippee Noodle Bar is named Strada.
The Golden Curry is a restaurant in the city centre that sells Italian food. It is near the Café Rouge.
The Punter is a coffee shop near Café Sicilia, it serves Italian food and has a price range of less than £20. It does have a low customer rating and is not family-friendly.
Centrally located, Clowns is a coffee shop offering Indian food.  They are located near Clare Hall.  Customers have given them a low rating.
The Waterman is a highly rated, family friendly Indian restaurant that offers cheap food in the riverside area
The Mill is an Italian pub with a price  range less than £20.  It is located in Riverside.
Located around the corner from the Rainbow Vegetarian Café, Strada serves Japanese cuisine in a family friendly atmosphere and at low cost.
There is a restaurant near The Six Bells called Fitzbillies. They serve high priced Chinese food.
Alimentum is a Japanese restaurant offering cheap food at less than £20 in the riverside area. It is not family-friendly.
There is a coffee shop in riverside called the Golden Palace that serves fast food that is cheap and the customer rating of this shop is average.
The Phoenix serves high priced one star rated Indian food in the riverside area.
Midsummer House, located near Café Rouge, serves French food and gets high customer ratings.
There is a moderately priced restaurant named Strada that serves Chinese food located near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
There is an Italian food called The Twenty Two which is children friendly
The Wrestlers is kid friendly, with an average customer rating, high price range, and English food.
If you are looking for an average priced Asian meal, Fitzbillies is a good choice.  They serve Japanese food and are located near The Six Bells.
The Golden Curry is a quick place to grab a bite near The Bakers. Prices are ok but not recommended for the kids.
The Phoenix is a Fast food chain, its  customer rating is low., located in area riverside.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop. It offers Italian food. Customer rating are high. The coffee shop is on the riverside area. It is not child friendly. Prices are more than £ 30
The Plough is a family friendly pub costing less than £20 serving Fast food near Café Rouge
Bibimbap House is a riverside Indian restaurant, near Clare Hall. It is priced in the moderate range.
The Golden Curry is a Fast food joint. Yes it is family friendly. It has an average customer rating.
Located near Café Rouge there is a pub named The Plough that offers a kid friendly environment. It has a price range of £20 to £25 for its Italian food.
There is an Indian restaurant, The Dumpling Tree, and the price range is £20-£25.
The customer rating is bad at the children friendly pub called The Cricketers near Ranch.
Located in Riverside, The Eagle, a coffee shop serving French cuisine, has a high rating among customers. The food ranges from £20-25 and is child-friendly. It is located near Burger King.
Green Man is near All Bar One in the city centre.  It serves Chinese food for less than £20.  It is also family friendly.
The Cotto is a moderately priced coffee shop located near The Portland Arms.
Wildwood is a Fast food place near Ranch that has an eat type of a coffee shop that has a cheap price range.
Aromi is an Indian food coffee shop, no family friendly with customer Rating 5 out of 5, in riverside.
Riverside and a higher price point restaurant named Zizzi.
The Eagle has a high customer Rating in the riverside area. It has an average price range.
The Eagle is a high rated coffee shop located on the riverside near Burger King offering fast food. It has a mid-level price range and is not children friendly.
Near The Sorrento along the riverside their is a kids friendly place named Browns Cambridge that serves English food.
Fitzbillies is a fast food coffee shop located in riverside.  It has cheap food and lowly rated by customers.
A high priced coffee shop serving fast food in the riverside area, near Raja Indian Cuisine, is The Wrestlers. It is children friendly.
A restaurant called Browns Cambridge is located in the city centre.
Green Man is a medium price, non family friendly restaurant outside of City centre.
In the city center, there is an average priced, non-family-friendly, Japanese restaurant called Alimentum.
Come to the Cocum coffee shop for luxurious goodies with your family
Loch Fyne is a kid friendly restaurant serving French food
There is an expensive Indian coffee shop, Cotto which has an average customer rating and is located at the riverside near The Portland Arms.
The Olive Grove is non family-friendly restaurant that is located in riverside.
There is a moderate price range coffee shop near Café Sicilia,  The Punter.  They have fast food and is kids friendly with the customer rating of 1 out of 5.
A coffee shop called Cocum serves high quality Italian food that is low priced and family friendly.
The Vaults pub is near Café Adriatic. It has a 3 out of 5 rating and is suitably priced between £20-25.
Wildwood, a pub, serves Chinese food in the low price range and has a low rating by customers.
Customers gave The Wrestlers a high customer rating.  The Wrestlers serves English food for a price range of more than £30 and is not children friendly.
Near The Portland Arms there is a family Friendly French pub called The Dumpling Tree.
Located in the city centre near All Bar One is Green Man which is family-friendly, serves fast food that costs less than £20.
The Cricketers is located near All Bar One. It serves fast food.
A children Friendly and high price range  pub in riverside is The Olive Grove.
Near Yippee Noodle Bar is an Italian pub named Strada. Strada has a low customer rating.
The Eagle is high priced and sits riverside, with a customer satisfaction of 1 out of 5.
The Waterman only has an average customer rating, but it's cheap, family-friendly, and located on the riverside.
Blue Spice is located on the riverside, near Avalon. It is a kid Friendly coffee shop, with a high Rating, ranging in the price of £20-25.
The Rice Boat offers Italian food at more than £30.  It is not children friendly but had high customer ratings.   It can be found near Express by Holiday Inn in the city centre area.
The Mill is in the city centre near The Sorrento. It is a Japanese coffee with with a moderate price.
The Eagle is a 3 star, family friendly coffee shop located by the margin of the river next to Burger King that provides Japanese food for a cheap price.
There is a Japanese restaurant that has a 5-star rating and is affordable, called Browns Cambridge.
The high priced Italian coffee shop, Cocum, is rated '1 out of 5'
The Waterman near the Crowne Plaza Hotel is kid friendly and serves English food.
Strada is a restaurant that was rated 5 out of 5 by customers as it provides great service and is also child-friendly. The price range is over £30 for good reasons.
The Cambridge Blue is a fast food restaurant with a high customer rating.
Bibimbap House is an Indian restaurant that costs more than 30 euros and is located at riverside near Clare Hall
The 3 star rated coffee shop Cotto is located near The Portland Arms. It has a low price range.
The Vaults is in the mid price range. It is family friendly. It offers a full English breakfast.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop which serves Italian food. It is located in Riverside, at a moderate price range. It is kid friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. You should check it out.
In the city center near Yippee Noodle Bar, you can find Alimentum. They have English food with moderate prices, there customer rating is 3 out of 5.
Taste of Cambridge is an expensive restaurant that was given a customer rating of 3 out of five star.
The Wrestlers serves inexpensive French food, has an excellent customer rating, but is not family-friendly.
Loch Fyne has a customer rating of 3 out of 5. They serve Indian food in the riverside area near The Rice Boat.
The Rice Boat is kids friendly in the riverside area serving French food with a customer rating of 3 out of 5
The Olive Grove makes Italian food for children Friendly with high price in city centre.
Near the Ranch, Cotto serves Japanese food.  Their family friendly atmosphere has an average customer rating.
Bibimbap House, near Clare Hall in the riverside area, is a high end Japanese food venue.  Clowns is a restaurant near The Portland Arms.
Fitzbillies is a Japanese restaurant that offers quality food for fair prices. This restaurant is located near The Six Bells. They offer food within the £20-25 range which is why they are popular amongst customers.
Taste of Cambridge is a restaurant in Cambridge city centre serving meals at the high end of the price scale.  The customer rating is low.
The Rice Boat serves Indian food, customer service rating 3 out of 5, located in Riverside, kid friendly
The 3  star ranked Blue Spice coffee shop is great for the family and other options are Avalon
The Olive Grove is a pub located near riverside. It is children friendly and food costs more than £30.
A child friendly eatery, located near a Ranch, Cotto provides a range of English food. It has a high customer rating.
The Rice Boat is a Chinese restaurant with dishes less than 20 pounds located in the city centre near Express by Holiday Inn. It has a low customer rating and is not family friendly.
The Eagle is located in the city centre, quite close to Burger King. It is a family-friendly Japanese coffee shop with great reviews and low prices.
The Rice Boat is a English style restaurant that is not kid friendly.  The customer rating is 5 out of 5, and is located in city centre.
If you are looking for a pub with a decent price range, The Olive Grove may be a good option.  They have Indian food and are located near the city centre.  They do not allow children.
There's a friendly children coffee shop near The Portland Arms, called The Cricketers while they have a low customer rating they serve great French food.
Visiting Clare Hall and wanting Japanese food, then head to Clowns coffee shop on the riverside with it's 5 out of 5 customer rating
Zizzi is low rated as 1 out of 5. It is a kids friendly pub which serves English food.
The Plough is a fast food pub near Café Rouge. They are family friendly and prices are cheap.
Wildwood is a coffee shop that is fairly private across from the Ranch.
Cocum restaurant, 1 out of 5 customer rating and children friendly too.
In the city centre neat The Portland Arms, there is a coffee shop called Cotto that serves Japanese food. It is moderately priced and has a customer rating of one out of five.
The Waterman is a riverside restaurant offering a high-priced English menu in a child-friendly setting. It received an average customer rating
The Plough near Café Rouge is a pub providing Fast food within a moderate price range. They are not kids friendly.
The Olive Grove is a family-friendly pub with a high price located in the City-center and is just south of the river.
The Punter is a French coffee shop near Café Sicilia. The ratings are average and the price range is less than £20. It is not family-friendly.
French cuisine pub in the riverside area - The Waterman, with outstanding ratings.
The Dumpling Tree is a restaurant with a high price range. It serves Japanese food.
The Phoenix is an upscale American eatery, located on the river.
The Wrestlers is a kid friendly coffee shop in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine.  They offer Indian food at a moderate price range.
High customer rating, kids friendly, near Riverside. Aromi is a coffee shop and fast food joint.
Near the river is highly rated The Eagle.  Its prices range from £20 to £25.
Bibimbap House is located near Clare Hall in the city centre. It serves Chinese food for under £20.
There is a coffee shop that serves Indian food called Aromi near the riverside that is child friendly and has average ratings.
The Japanese restaurant  Loch Fyne, is children friendly and is more than £30
The Olive Grove is a cheap, family friendly pub on the outskirts of the City center.
A new children friendly shop with prices starting with 30 £ called Green Man is now open near the riverside.
Crown Plaza Hotel is close to Browns Cambridge,  which has a kid friendly dining venue serving Japanese cuisine available, but the quality of the place has a very low customer rating.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop providing Fast food in the riverside area near the Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is child friendly and has an average customer rating.
There is a Fast Food Midsummer House near Café Rouge  with the low customer rating.
Taste of Cambridge is a restaurant with customer rating 3 out of 5.  It is in the high price range.
The Golden Palace is a highly rated coffee shop located north of the city. The prices are average.
The Rice Boat on the riverside serving English food is not family-friendly and was given average customer ratings.
The Cricketers is a family-friendly pub near the Ranch, but it has a low customer rating.
There is a moderately priced Japanese restaurant in Riverside near Clare Hall called Bibimbap House.
Though average and non family-friendly, The Wrestlers is a cheap Italian restaurant.
The Eagle is a coffee shop serving Indian food it is not a child Friendly, with a low customer Rating and a high price Range by a riverside near Burger King.
restaurant The Golden Palace is on the riverside.  It has an average customer rating.
Alimentum is a restaurant providing fast food in the mid price range. It is located in the city centre.
In the city centre, you will find The Olive Grove. It is a low-priced pub which serves Indian food.
The Golden Palace is coffee shop serving fast food on the riverside. The prices are high and the customer ratings are average.
Cocum family-Friendly coffee shop provides cheap Italian food.  The customer rating is average.
The Waterman serves moderately-priced Japanese food in the city centre. It is rated only 1 out of 5. It is not kid-friendly.
There is a family-friendly restaurant named The Golden Curry which serves Italian food. It is situated near Café Rouge in the city centre.
Looking for a moderately priced coffee shop on the riverside. Tired of Fast food like Burger King. Try The Eagle. With a customer rating of 1 out of 5 you can't go wrong.
In riverside is a fast food restaurant called Blue Spice that has a price range of less than £20.
Bibimbap House has a price range of £20-25,  near Clare Hall in Riverside area and serves fast food.
The Waterman is a family-friendly, low cost restaurant in the city centre with an average customer rating.
In the city centre, you'll find Italian food at The Phoenix, rated 3 out of 5 by customers, at a moderate price.
Cocum is a high rated, kids friendly restaurant.
The Plough is a pub providing Fast food in the cheap price range and is family friendly.  It is located near Café Rouge.
The Olive Grove is a restaurant that is not family-friendly in the City Centre area.
The Wrestlers is a place that sells Japanese food in the moderate price range with a customer rating of only 1 out of 5 and it is not child friendly
There is a cheap restaurant The Eagle. It is a coffee shop that offers Indian food with an average customer rating.  It is in the city centre area near Burger King, it is not family friendly.
Indian cuisine Bibimbap House in riverside near Clare Hall has a more than average price range.
The Twenty Two is a kid-friendly restaurant in riverside that serves English food.
The Mill coffee shop serves Japanese food by the riverside. It is moderately priced and near The Sorrento.
Cotto is a family friendly, French establishment with a 5 out of 5 rating. Located near Ranch.
The Wrestlers, a 5-star, family-friendly restaurant serves local food at low prices.
Strada is a restaurant with an average customer rating.
The Rice Boat near Express by Holiday Inn in the city centre is a kid friendly, moderate-priced fast food restaurant with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Eagle, located in Riverside, near the Burger King, has a high customer satisfaction rating, and is ideal for Fast food. It is a children-friendly location, and offers food in the more than £30 price range.
The Wrestlers offers Chinese food with a price range over 30 and customer rating of high and is not children friendly.
The Wrestlers' English food was given a high customer rating.  It is not children friendly and has a price range of more than £30.
Italian food rated 5 out of 5 in Cotto. It is family friendly place by the Ranch.
The Golden Curry is a non-family friendly restaurant with a customer rating of 1 out of 5; it is located near Café Rouge in the City Centre.
By the riverside and Café Rouge is Green Man, a pub that serves Japanese food.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop that serves fast food with a cheap price range and an average price range. Located near the riverside.
The Wrestlers is a moderately priced coffee shop that serves kid friendly food and is located at the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine.
Browns Cambridge provides Chinese food in the cheap price range. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
A pub, The Mill, is located in the riverside area. It serves Japanese food at more than £30.
The Golden Palace coffee shop offers low priced wine and cheese.  They are located in the City centre and have a 3 out of 5 customer rating.
In Riverside, there is a place called The Phoenix that serves Italian food. It has an average customer rating.
The Wildwood pub serves Indian food for a moderate price,  the customer rating is  1 out of 5.
Cotto, which offers English food, is located near Café Rouge.
The Rice Boat is a 5 out of 5 restaurant  that provides Indian food. It is located in the city centre area and is not family friendly.
If you're looking for a coffee shop that also offers fast food, check out The Cricketers, which offers a kid friendly environment and 1-star rating near The Portland Arms.
Alimentum provides Indian food in the high price range. It is located in the riverside.
In the vicinity of Clare Hall you will find the quaint riverside restaurant Bibimbap House, serving Japanese cuisine.
Taste of Cambridge is a coffee shop located in riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It serves Italian food and It is not family-friendly.
Zizzi is a high end,  family friendly coffee shop near Riverside.
Near Express by Holiday Inn in Riverside is The Rice Boat, a French place with a price range of less than £20. It has a low customer rating, but is family friendly.
Highly rated restaurant Midsummer House serves Chinese food, it is located in the city centre near Café Rouge.
The Cricketers is a children friendly coffee shop with a high customer rating specialized in Italian food near The Portland Arms
The Blue Spice, a three star, low cost venue on the riverfront. It is a family friendly location.
A Japanese pub with a price range less than £20 is The Cambridge Blue which is around Café Brazil.
A French restaurant The Phoenix in city centre is high with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is an English style, high priced restaurant with an average customer rating that is not children friendly.
There is a child friendly French coffee shop in riverside called Aromi; it has a low customer rating.
The Phoenix is a great place to take the family out for a nice Italian meal, every bite is worth your buck.
Browns Cambridge serves Chinese food in riverside. It is kid friendly and located near The Sorrento.
The Dumpling Tree is a French restaurant with a price range of less than £20.
Wildwood is a Indian coffee shop with a high rating and a price range of £20-25 near Ranch.
Blue Spice is Italian located by the riverside with cheap food less then 20 euros
Taste of Cambridge is a kid friendly Indian coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel at Riverside.
The Rice Boat is in the city center. near, Express by Holiday Inn. They have a one star rating,  and is a family friendly place that offers cheap food.
The Eagle coffee shop has a good offer on soft drinks, potato fries and burgers. The quality is all right for the money and it is a family friendly local, nearby Burger King.
Bibimbap House is a high-end English restaurant located in the center of the city near Clare Hall.
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing Indian food in the moderate price range. It is located in the city centre. It is near Burger King. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Clowns is a coffee shop  near Clare Hall with high ratings.
The Wrestlers is a Chinese restaurant in the moderate price range. Is is not a child friendly place and customer rating is low.
A pub that serves cheap English food is The Cambridge Blue, which is located near Café Brazil.
Blue Spice Chinese is cheap and on the riverside.
The Waterman is located in the city centre, it serves English food, is expensive, not children friendly and is highly rated.
The Wrestlers' offer Chinese food.  It is a more premium choice to dine out, not children-friendly. With very high customer rating, prices range from  £30.
The Rice Boat in based in the city centre which serves Indian food. The customer rating is low and isn't family friendly.
Midsummer House is a higher-priced one star restaurant located near All Bar One.
A children friendly fast food restaurant near The Sorrento is called Browns Cambridge.
If you're looking for a family friendly fast food restaurant, check out The Rice Boat. Located near the Express by Holiday Inn, at the city centre, The Rice Boat is rated 5 out of 5.
Bibimbap House is a French food serving restaurant located near Clare Hall, at the riverside.
Strada is non kids friendly and offers fast food at 1 out of 5 ratings; it has moderate price range and is located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
The Vaults is an average priced pub near Café Adriatic. It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 stars.
The Rice Boat is an expensive Chinese restaurant with average customer rating. It is not children-friendly, and is located in Riverside, near the Express by Holiday Inn.
Located in the city centre, Fitzbillies is an Italian coffee shop with a moderate price range. Fitzbillies is not kid friendly and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Cotto is a high priced fast food coffee shop in the city centre near The Portland Arms. It is expensive and only has a 1 out of 5 rating.
The Vaults is a cheap coffee shop in the city centre near Café Brazil and it has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
An average customer rating cheap Italian food pub called Wildwood.
There is a Japanese coffee shop in riverside near Clare Hall called Clowns.  Clowns has a 3 out of 5 customer rating.
Bibimbap House provides Indian food in the high price range. It is located in the city centre. It is near Clare Hall.
Aromi is a kid friendly pub located in Riverside which has an average 3 of 5 rating from its' customers.
The Mill coffee shop offers fast food in Riverside near The Sorrento. It is in the high price range.
Cocum is a pub that sells its services for twenty to twenty-five euros.
The Rice Boat is a cheap restaurant near Express by Holiday Inn in city centre. It has average customer ratings and is not family-friendly.
Browns Cambridge with an excellent customer rating is an Italian coffee shop located near Crowne Plaza Hotel in riverside.
The Wrestlers restaurant is not family friendly and has received poor reviews.  It serves healthy food.
Alimentum is a Fast food restaurant located in the city centre.  It is not a family-friendly restaurant with a price range of less than £20.
The Wrestlers provides Indian food for less than £20. It is low rated and is family friendly.
The Mill is a pub that provides Indian food in the moderate price range. It is located in the city centre.
The Waterman is located by the Thames, it is an averagely rated adults only venue offering moderately priced Italian food.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop that serves Italian food; located near Crown Plaza Hotel by the riverside it has a kid friendly atmosphere and is well rated by customers.
The Punter is a coffee shop providing Indian food in the high price range. It is near Café Sicilia. Its customer rating is average.
For those with expensive native tastes, Green Man offers expensive English good. It's located near All Bar One in the city centre - but leave the kids at home.
If you happen to find yourself strolling riverside and getting a bit hungry  be sure to stop in at The Eagle. The Eagle is a great coffee ship serving French cuisine at an affordable price . The Eagle is child friendly and  near Burger King.
Alimentum is a average price ranged restaurant in the riverside area. This family friendly restaurant sells Italian food.
The Golden Palace is an inexpensive, one-star coffee shop which serves sushi. It is located along the river, outside of City centre.
Wildwood restaurant serves cheap Italian pub food with an average customer rating.
Fitzbillies is a high-priced, child friendly restaurant located near the Express by Holiday Inn.
The Golden Palace is a French food selling coffee shop located in the City Centre with a 3 out of 5 customer rating and a price range of £20 to £25.
There is a cheap priced 5 out of 5 Indian food restaurant called The Waterman located in the city centre area.
Cotto is a cheap, average Japanese coffee shop. It is located near The Portland Arms in the center of the city.
The Wrestlers, an adult themed fast food restaurant, is highly rated and offers meals in the £20 to £25 range.
A coffee shop called Cotto, near The Portland Arms, offers high-quality food for a lower price.
The Golden Curry provides Italian food that is near Café Rouge and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and is kid friendly
The Punter coffee shop offering French food to adults in a moderate price range.
The Phoenix is a restaurant near the river.
The Phoenix is a high-priced restaurant located in riverside offering English food. The customer rating is average.
The high priced Green Man in Riverside is kid friendly an serves English food, which is also next to All Bar One.
Browns Cambridge near The Sorrento  is a children friendly fast food restaurant in the Riverside area.
The Rice Boat has English food under £20 rated low by customers, it is in riverside near Express by Holiday Inn.
One of the City Centre's expensive pubs is called The Mill, with an Italian theme.
Kids are welcome to eat at The Waterman in the city centre. It sells Japanese food that is moderately priced, but it has a low customer rating.
On the riverbank is The Waterman. A pub serving spirits and pasta.
Cocum is a child friendly restaurant with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Dumpling Tree serves English cuisine with prices at just over £30
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop located in the City Centre. It sells French food and has a £20 to £25 price range. It has a 3 out of 5 customer rating.
In the area of riverside is The Olive Grove. It is a pub that is kid friendly, and has cheap Italian food.
The Fitzbillies is non-children friendly highly rated expensive coffee shop that serves Japanese food. It is located in the riverside.
Located near Café Sicilia, The Punter is a cheap coffee shop that sells Indian food. While it is not family friendly, customers rate it 5 out of 5.
There is a cheap fast food restaurant called The Dumpling Tree in Cambridge.
There is a moderate priced place The Punter provides Italian.
Cotto is a fast food coffee shop near The Portland Arms moderately priced
Japanese food served by The Punter for a moderate price
Green Man, a kid-friendly restaurant near All Bar One, provides a £20-25 English meal.
There is a coffee shop named Wildwood that serves French food near Ranch. The average rating is 3 out of 5 and it has a high price range.
English food is served at Alimentum in the riverside area, near Yippee Noodle Bar.  They have a price range of £20-25 and a high customer rating.
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing Fast food in the high price range. It is located near of Burger King.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop that provides Indian food. It is located in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It has a low customer rating. It is family friendly.
The Waterman is a children friendly, high priced, average place in riverside, serving Chinese food.
Near Express by Holiday Inn, in the city centre, is the Chinese restaurant The Rice Boat. It's expensive, not child-friendly, and has an average customer rating.
The Eagle is a restaurant which serves French food. It is very highly-rated by customers.
Wildwood is a pub that serves Indian food with moderate price Range and 3 out of 5 customer Rating.
The Golden Curry is a formal Japanese restaurant with a low customer rating.
In the riverside area, Fitzbillies coffee shop provides high-cost, low-quality fast food. Not child-friendly.
The Eagle in Cambridge has five-star reviews for its food, and it's licensed as well.
The Punter is in the center of the city near The Portland Arms, it is not child-friendly and the price range is more than 30 pounds.
Clowns is a coffee shop serving fast food with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 . It is near Clare Hall on the riverside.
The Waterman is a high priced, child friendly, Italian restaurant near riverside with a 1 out of 5 rating.
There is a  highly rated kid friendly coffee shop serving fast food located near The Portland Arms called The Cricketers.
In the city centre near Express by Holiday Inn is a fast food restaurant that has a moderate price and is kid friendly called The Rice Boat. It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
English food is served in The Waterman pub, down by the riverside. its customer Rating is 1 out of 5.
Cocum, a Japanese coffee shop has been rated average by customers. It is cheap, and is not family-friendly.
There is a Japanese restaurant with a high customer rating called The Cambridge Blue.
The Eagle is a coffee shop located in the city centre near Burger King with a moderate price range serving Italian food. Kids are not allowed and customers have given it a 3 out of 5 rating.
The Rice Boat is a kids friendly French restaurant near the Express by Holiday Inn that has a good price range
The Mill is a pub serving English food. It is located in the outer city center. and has an average price range.
The Rice Boat is a poorly rated family restaurant near the river.
The Dumpling Tree is a restaurant with prices less than £20 and sells Japanese food.
The Wildwood pub serving French food has been rated low by customers. The prices are in the high range.
Cotto is a French, kids friendly restaurant near Ranch. It has high customer ratings.
The Mill is a coffee shop serving Indian food. The price range is under £20.  It is in the riverside area near The Sorrento.
The Vaults is a family friendly eatery on the high price end.
The Punter is a cheap family-friendly Japanese coffee shop located near Café Sicilia and has a good customer rating.
Bibimbap House is a Italian food restaurant on the river near Clare Hall in the range of  20 - 25 euros.
The Waterman is near Crowne Plaza Hotel and is children friendly.  It sells Japanese food.
The Family friendly, riverside, restaurant with a low customer rating was called The Rice Boat.
The Golden Curry is located near The Bakers serving French food with a price range less than £20. They are family friendly
The Rice Boat Indian food provides Indian food at a high price range. Have a customer rating on the average. Locate at the riverside area near to Express by Holiday Inn . Children are friendly.
The Cricketers is an Indian coffee-shop style restaurant near The Portland Arms.  It receives low customer ratings and is not family-friendly.
A family friendly restaurant, Travellers Rest Beefeater, is not expensive.
The Golden Palace is a high price ranged restaurant.
The Phoenix is a three star fast food restaurant outside of City centre.
With a price range of less than £20, The Wrestlers  serves French food. It has a low customer rating, but is family friendly.
There is an Indian coffee shop, The Mill, located in Riverside near The Sorrento. Meals there generally cost more than £30.
The Cambridge Blue is a restaurant that has a high customer rating, and French food.
Cotto is a Fast food place close to Café Rouge.
For a family friendly Indian coffee shop in the city centre near Burger King The Eagle offers prices less than 20.
Blue Spice is a cheap Indian restaurant in Riverside.
The Golden Curry is a non-family-friendly venue that serves English food. It is located near Café Rouge in the riverside area. However, it has a low customer rating.
We do not offer a child-friendly environment. Japanese food is served here at The Plough. Located near Café Rouge, Our pub is very low-priced. Located in the city centre
A child-friendly Japanese restaurant near the riverside is The Twenty Two.
Strada is located by Rainbow Vegetarian Café and serves Japanese food. It is medium price range, highly rated and family friendly.
The Rice Boat offers a family-friendly and cheap fast food option near Express by Holiday Inn in the city centre with 5 out of 5 customer ratings.
The Mill is moderate priced Indian pub located in riverside.
Loch Fyne is a kids friendly Chinese restaurant.
The Eagle, a Japanese coffee shop on the riverside near Burger King, boasts moderate prices, high ratings and a family friendly atmosphere.
The Wrestlers has high priced English food with an average customer rating. It is kid friendly.
The highly rated pub, The Cricketers, is located near Ranch. Don't bring the kids.
Cotto is a coffee shop, providing average Japanese food. It is located near The Portland Arms, riverside.
The Waterman is in the moderate price range with a customer rating 3 out of 5. Located in city centre, it serves Chinese food and is kid friendly.
The Golden Curry is an Indian restaurant near The Bakers where the meals cost less than £20, but it is not family friendly.
The Taste of Cambridge is a pub located near The Sorrento in the city center.
A children friendly place near the river side serving high priced food is Green Man.
The Waterman is a Chinese restaurant in the high price range by the riverside with an average customer rating that is not children friendly.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop that offers Japanese food for more than £30. It is located in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine and is not child friendly.
Wildwood is cheap coffee shop that is rated 6 stars located at Ranch
The Wrestlers is a moderately priced Japanese coffee shop in the riverside area, near Raja Indian Cuisine. This restaurant is not kid friendly.
There is a Low  price coffee shop serving French food named The Eagle  Located in city center near Burger King with a low customer rating  and is family-friendly
The Rice Boat serves Italian food and is rated 1 out of 5. It's in Riverside. Yes it is kid friendly.
The kid-friendly coffee shop Fitzbillies serves French food at prices ranging from £20 to £25. It is located by the riverside.
The Cambridge Blue is a low price pub right by Café Brazil.
The Green Man pub serves Indian food and is located in the city centre near Café Rouge
Browns Cambridge ate at a coffee shop. They are not family-friendly. The food is French and its near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is located in the city centre and the customer rating is low.
Clowns is a fantastic coffee shop serving French Food. You can find it riverside near Clare Hall.
The Cambridge Blue is a five-star restaurant which serves traditional English food.
The Punter coffee shop serves Indian food for a moderate price near Café Sicilia.  It has a customer rating of  3 out of 5 and is not kid friendly.
Zizzi is a French pub with a family approved environment and low customer satisfaction.
If you're looking for Chinese food, you could try The Wrestlers, it is quite cheap but the reviews are not great, although they are family friendly.
The Rice Boat is a family friendly restaurant offering mid priced food and drink located close to the city centre and close to Express by Holiday Inn
Located near The Bakers is a child friendly establishment called The Golden Curry which serves moderately priced Italian food.
In the riverside area, there is a cheap, Italian coffee shop called The Golden Palace that has average customer ratings.
Green Man is a fast food place that is cheap and has toilets. It is north of the City centre and is next to All Bar One.
The Wrestlers is an Indian restaurant with a moderate price range. It has an average customer rating and is kid friendly.
The Olive Grove pub overs Japanese food near Riverside and is family friendly.
There is a cheap coffee shop Fitzbillies just outside the centre of the city that provides sushi and fish. It is low in cost and family friendly.
You can find The Cricketers coffee shop close to The Portland Arms. they have an average customer rating, and they serve French food.
A coffee shop named The Punter has Italian food and is located near Café Sicilia. It is not children friendly and has a high price range with ratings of 1 out of 5.
The Waterman is a family friendly restaurant with a price range of less than  £20. They serve English food located next to a river, although they have a low customer rating.
The Punter sells high priced French food.
At the riverside, there is a restaurant called The Green Man.
Located near The Bakers is The Golden Curry,  a Japanese place with cheap food. It is family friendly.
Zizzi is an expensive, family friendly coffee shop in the riverside area.
Near the river and low prices, The Golden Palace is your one stop for coffee and sushi.
The Olive Grove is not children friendly but they serve English food. It is a high price range pub in the riverside area.
There is a  average  not so family-friendly Fast food place  The Golden Curry located  by the riverside near Café Rouge.
If you are looking for a family-friendly coffee shop that offers French eats, try the riverside area's Taste of Cambridge, located near the Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Green Man is not a family-friendly restaurant located in the riverside .average price range is less than£20.
The Golden Curry is a family friendly Japanese restaurant.
It's a coffee shop that customers rate high called The Golden Palace also Fast food in the riverside area more than 30
The Mill is an affordable pub just outside of the City center.
There is a family friendly restaurant offering fine dining called Loch Fyne.
The Punter is a coffee shop that serves Indian food and has a price range of less than £20, low customer ratings, and is family friendly located near Café Sicilia.
For a family friendly atmosphere and cheap Indian food try Alimentum located by the riverside.
Midsummer House is a Japanese food near Café Rouge  is rated to a low customer rate.
The Rice Boat serves Chinese food with a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is moderately priced, located in the city centre near Express by Holiday Inn, and not child-friendly.
The Aromi is a coffee shop in Riverside, serving French food. They have an average customer rating and are not family-friendly.
The Golden Curry provides Chinese food It is located in the city centre. It is near Café Rouge. Its customer rating is average.
Green Man is a Japanese restaurant with moderate prices and is kid friendly. Located in the city centre near All Bar One.
The Rice Boat provides Indian food in the high price range. It is located in the riverside. It is near Express by Holiday Inn. Its customer rating is average.
Clowns, near Café Sicilia, is moderate prices but not kid friendly.
The Cricketers is a children friendly pub with a low customer rating. It is located near the Ranch.
The Waterman is a cheaply priced fast food establishment in the city centre. The customer rating is 5 out of 5 . The Waterman is not child friendly.
The Green Man is low priced and serves fast food for the whole family. It is close to the All Bar One and is within the City center.
Serving English food, Blue Spice is by a riverside with a moderate price Range.
At 20 to 25 pounds per meal, The Vaults serves French food in a kid-friendly environment at fair prices.
The Eagle serves food and is in the city centre. It has a 1 star rating.
You will find cheap Chinese food at The Phoenix. It has an average customer rating and is in the city centre.
Located in the riverside area near The Portland Arms, The Punter is a kid friendly restaurant with a price range of £20-25.
The Wrestlers is a French restaurant offering dishes less than £20. It does not have amenities for children. It has received poor reviews.
A cheap restaurant in the city centre that serves English food is The Waterman.  They are family friendly have a 3 out 5 rating.
French food is moderately priced at Bibimbap House near Clare Hall in the city centre.
Near The Rice Boat, there is a place called Loch Fyne that serves English food. It is in riverside and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
There is a friendly for family place called The Golden Curry which provides English breakfast in the city centre near to Café Rouge with customer rating 3 out of 5.
There is an Indian coffee chop called The Cricketers near The Portland Arms, it has average rating, but yes it is suitable for kids to go.
Cocum is a 5 star coffee shop with a great price, that is sure to make you buy.
Near The Rice Boat, there is a family-Friendly place called The Twenty Two with cheap prices and an excellent ratings.
The Waterman is a fast food restaurant with average ratings.
The Golden Curry is a restaurant, which is not family friendly, that caters to wine pairings and is located adjacent to The Bakers.
The Eagle is near Burger King on riverside that serves fast food. They are cheap and for the family. Coffee shop style food.
The Waterman serves Chinese food and is kid friendly located in the city centre with moderate price rage and customer rating at 3 out of 5.
There is a nice coffee shop The Golden Palace located north of the centre of the city that provides take-away deliveries.
Wildwood is a pub providing Indian food in the moderate price range. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
The Plough Pub is located near Café Rouge.  It is an inexpensive adult only pub featuring wine and cheese.
The Rice Boat near Rainbow Vegetarian Café has a price range of less than £20 and has an average customer rating.
The Vaults, an average pub located near Café Adriatic, is less than £20.
On the riverside, there is a restaurant called The Phoenix, which sells traditional English food.
Located in the riverside area, The Waterman is a family friendly eatery  with an average customer rating that offers cheap, fast food
A non child friendly restaurant with a 1 out of 5 customer rating is The Wrestlers.  It serves Indian food.
The Phoenix is located in city center., it's a high priced restaurant.
Loch Fyne is a  Japanese  restaurant providing children Friendly  food price ranged more than £30.
Cotto is a family friendly Indian restaurant. Located near Ranch with a low rating.
A great Japanese coffee shop is The Eagle along the riverside near Burger King.
There is a welcome family service for sushi at a medium price called The Vaults.
An accessible, good quality pub is Wildwood
The Cambridge Blue is a restaurant that serves English food. The customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Cricketers is a restaurant providing French food. It is located near All Bar One.
Aromi is a pub located in the city centre. It has low customer ratings and is not family-friendly.
The Olive Grove in the riverside area is a family friendly Chinese food pub less than £20.
Near the Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre is Browns Cambridge, a family-friendly coffee shop serving fast food.
Riverside pub called The Twenty Two located near Café Sicilia has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Located near Café Sicilia is The Punter coffee shop. It is a family friendly location that serves a variety of sushi.
The Cambridge Blue is pub with food prices less than £20. The food menu is English. It is near Café Brazil.
The family-friendly Browns Cambridge serves English cuisine and is located near The Sorrento in the city centre
The Mill is a coffee shop near The Sorrento where they sell sushi. It is in the middle price range.
The Wrestlers is a highly rated Italian restaurant in the £20-25 price range. It is not kid friendly.
Riverside restaurant The Phoenix scores 3 out of 5 stars and is a highly priced eatery.
The Rice Boat, located near Express by Holiday Inn in the city centre, is not child friendly, has a high price range, and a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
There is an averaged, low-priced pub called The Vaults located near Café Adriatic.
The Twenty Two offers Fast food for kids Friendly.
The Twenty Two is an Indian food venue in Riverside that is kid friendly.
There is a Japanese coffee shop called Cotto their rating is quite low and the price range is over £30, they are in the City centre near the Portland Arms.
The Waterman is family-friendly establishment. It is a reasonably priced fast food restaurant located in the city centre. The average customer rating for this restaurant is low.
Zizzi is a kid-friendly Indian pub. It is has a 1 out of 5 customer rating.
Zizzi is a family friendly pub that offers Indian food with a high customer rating.
Loch Fyne is a Japanese restaurant, near The Rice Boat, in Riverside has a customer Rating of 5 out of 5.
The Twenty Two serves French food and is children friendly.
The Golden Curry is an average non-family-friendly fast food located in the city centre, near Café Rouge.
The Eagle, coffee shop and Indian food is near Burger King in the city centre, family friendly, moderate price with a Rating of 3 out of 5.
Strada is a cheap, non-family-friendly establishment with a low customer rating.
cheap English food can be found at The Golden Curry near to The Bakers, and they are also family friendly.
They said yes at the food French in the riverside only The Twenty Two.
In Riverside near the Yippee Noodle Bar is Alimentum,serving Chinese food, Price's £20-25 .
Near the Café Rouge is a pub called The Plough, It serves Japanese food and has a moderate price range. It is not child friendly.
Alimentum is a Chinese food restaurant whose prices cost less than £20 located at the riverside
Alimentum is a Indian with a high price range. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and is sited on a riverside. It is near Yippee Noodle Bar.
Serving English food in the high price range,  Bibimbap House is situated in riverside near Clare Hall.
The Plough is a cheap, family-friendly pub offering Italian options near Café Rouge.
Strada is a highly recommended high cost family friendly French food restaurant sited in the city centre near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
There is a family friendly Chinese pub in Riverside that has average priced food. The restaurant is called The Olive Grove.
Giraffe is a family-friendly pub with Japanese food located in the city centre.
An Indian restaurant near The Sorrento in Riverside that is not family friendly is Browns Cambridge.
Fitzbillies, a restaurant that serves Indian food for less than £20, is located near The Six Bells.
The Vaults, a fast food restaurant with menu items in the more than £30 range. It is a child-friendly restaurant.
The Mill is riverside, it sells English food and it's moderately priced.
Located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café, Strada has Italian, is high priced, children friendly, and has a high customer rating.
The Waterman has a price range of less than £20 and is not family-friendly.
The Dumpling Tree is a pub style adult oriented Chinese restaurant located near The Portland Arms.
There is a cheap restaurant Blue Spice located in the riverside area, providing French food.
The Rice Boat is a family-friendly Japanese restaurant with a low rating. It is usually less than £20 and is in city centre near the Express by Holiday Inn.
The Twenty Two is a child friendly restaurant.
In riverside the Giraffe pub serves Chinese food that is kid friendly.
Next to Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre, you can find Browns Cambridge. This coffee shop serves highly-rated Indian food, but is not family friendly. It was rated 5 out of 5 by customers.
Aromi coffee shop, rated average by customers,  is one of riverside's family friendly places for Indian cuisine,
Midsummer House near All Bar One has a 1 out of 5 rating rated Italian food
Wildwood is an expensive but low rated Italian pub.
An average rating, The Cricketers, which is near the Ranch is not a family-friendly pub.
Wildwood is a high priced pub that is 1  star.
Strada has fast food with a 5 out of 5 rating.  It is family friendly, moderately priced and located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
The Wrestlers Indian food place is kid friendly and is moderately priced.  It's rating is 3 out of 5.
Strada is a highly rated Chinese restaurant located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café. Location is not kid friendly; average tab  £20-25.
For a high priced, well reviewed French food, The Eagle is coffee shop located near Burger King in the riverside area  and is not child friendly.
The Dumpling Tree is a kids friendly pub providing French food.  It is located near The Portland Arms.
The Rice Boat is a 3 star winery that is family-friendly, and affordable. It has an ideal location just North of City centre and right next to Express by Holiday Inn.
For meals typically more than £30, highly rated The Rice Boat can be found near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
The Wrestlers in an inexpensive restaurant serving Italian food. Suitable for families.
The Rice Boat is located around the riverside.  It serves English food and is kids friendly.  It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
A Japanese pub called Zizzi has average customer ratings, but it is not family-friendly.
Near Avalon and not far from the centre of the city is The Blue Spice coffee shop.  It is lower priced.
There is a family friendly restaurant called The Rice Boat located near Express by Holiday Inn. It has three stars and is moderately-priced.
In the City Centre is a French restaurant called the Green Man. It is near the All Bar One in the City centre. It is children friendly with a moderate price range.
The Alimentum sells cheap English food with a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is located beside the riverside close to the Yippee Noodle Bar.
The Golden Curry is A child friendly French restaurant but not rated well
Near Rainbow Vegetarian Café, at the riverside area, there is a pub called The Golden Palace that ranges in price more than £30.
Family-friendly fast food can be found at Strada near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.  It has mid-range prices and a 5 out of 5 rating.
Despite not being family-friendly and having a low customer rating, Fitzbillies is a coffee shop located in the city centre where you can enjoy Japanese food for less than £20.
Next to All Bar One is an expensive restaurant called Midsummer House.
Zizzi, located in Riverside, is a kid friendly coffee shop with high price ranges and average customer reasons.
The Rice Boat is located in the riverside area near the Express by Holiday Inn. It serves fast food and has a high price range. It is not child friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop  close to Raja Indian Cuisine with low prices and not family friendly.
The French coffee shop Cocum is moderately priced and child friendly. its customer Rating is 1 out of 5.
At The Dumpling Tree, a kid-friendly coffee shop near Café Sicilia in the riverside area, you can generally expect to spend 20-25 pound.
If you are looking for a pub in the riverside area,  The Mill has a cheap price range.
The Phoenix is a moderately priced Italian restaurant in the Riverside area with 3 out of 5 in customer rating.
Loch Fyne a French restaurant in Riverside next to The Rice Boat has low customer rating.
Travellers Rest Beefeaters near Café Adriatic in the riverside area has above average prices and poor customers feedback.
In the city centre, The high rated, family friendly restaurant, The Waterman, serves £20-25 Chinese food.
The Rice Boat is a Japanese restaurant near Express by Holiday Inn. It is child friendly, costs more than 30, and has a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
For cheap prices, The Waterman, a family friendly restaurant located in the city center, provide delicious Indian food. However, the customer ratings are low.
The Eagle serves Italian food.  Its rating is 1 out of 5.
The Golden Curry is a kid friendly restaurant that serves Chinese food rated high by its customers.
Ideal for anyone on a family day out in the city centre, Fitzbillies is an affordable Italian style coffee shop.
Zizzi features a kid friendly, coffee shop atmosphere.  It is conveniently located in the center of the city.  It features moderately priced food with a below average customer rating.
There is a French coffee shop with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 called Cotto.  It is in Riverside, near The Portland Arms, and is in the cheap price range.
Family friendly Aromi is a coffee shop in city centre serving Indian food.  It's customer ratings are low.
The Eagle coffee shop is low priced, rated three stars and is for the whole family. It is in the City center close to Burger King. It serves fine food.
The Mill is a high class coffee shop located near The Sorrento in the city center with servers up fantastic Fast food.
The price range is high in a store name The Waterman but the food is Italian
The Alimentum is not kids-friendly. It is located in the city centre with English food and moderate price range.
Your children will love staying at The Crowne Plaza Hotel if you feed them pizza from The Waterman
City centre located coffee shop The Golden Palace, serves fast food, with low prices and ratings.
The Wildwood is a coffee shop  near Ranch.  It is mid-priced and has 1 star.
Family-friendly Fast food is served at The Golden Curry located near the Café Rouge in the city centre.
The Eagle has an average customer rating and French food.
There is a Chinese restaurant in the £20 price range located in the city centre.  The name is The Rice Boat, and it has a low customer rating, but is family friendly and it is located near the Express by Holiday Inn.
Browns Cambridge coffee shop, serves fast food, for all the family.  Near Crown Plaza Hotel.
Clowns is a  pub that located in area Riverside.
There is a high customer rating coffee shop Fitzbillies located in the riverside that provides Japanese food. The price range is £20-25 and no kids friendly.
Alimentum is located near the Yippee Noodle Bar in the city centre.  It servers Japanese food in the high price range and has a 3 out of 5 rating.
The Waterman pub in the riverside area offers French food. It has an average customer review.
The Wrestlers is a Chinese food restaurant in the high price range that has average customer ratings and is kid friendly.
Wildwood is a pub serving English food. The price is high and the customers have rated this as average.
The Golden Curry provides Indian food Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Strada is a moderately-priced Italian restaurant near Rainbow Vegetarian Café. It is kid-friendly and has a high customer rating.
Wildwood is a fast food coffee shop near to Ranch, it is highly rated and on the expensive side.
The Dumpling Tree is a family friendly pub with French food located near The Portland Arms.
The coffee shop that is located in the city centre called The Golden Palace with Italian food and high price range with a customer rating 1 out of 5.
The Eagle is a coffee shop that also serves Indian food priced between £20-25, located near Burger King on the riverside. It's customer rating is high, and the establishment is kids friendly.
Fitzbillies is a high priced coffee shop located in riverside which serves Fast food.  1 out of 5 customers rate it, it is not children friendly
Even the children didn't like the French food at the riverside The Rice Boat cause it was to expensive since it cost more then the 30 a night Express by Holiday Inn
Highly rated, and with prices above £30, The Rice Boat is nearby the Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
Wildwood is a cheap coffee shop serving fast food near Ranch. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
an English restaurant called Browns Cambridge with a child friendly service  in the riverside area is near The Sorrento.
Italian styled coffee shop, Aromi, is family friendly with an average customer rating. It's located in the riverside
The 5 star pub Zizzi is family friendly which offers wine and cheese.
If you are looking for Italian food priced around £20-25, you might want to try Alimentum, which has a high customer service rating, and is located in the center of town near Yippee Noodle Bar.
Kids friendly establishment, The Vaults serves Indian food in a price range of £20-25 per person.
The Eagle serves Japanese food and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Loch Fyne is a low customer rated restaurant located The Rice Boat.
Located riverside, The Punter is a child friendly, high priced restaurant located near The Portland Arms.
In the city centre, Fitzbillies is a adult fast food coffee shop with high price range and a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Waterman pub is close to the river. It serves French cuisine achieving a rating of 3 out 5.
Strada is a high priced restaurant with a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is not kid friendly.
Fitzbillies is a riverside coffee shop serving Fast food with a £20-25 price range. They're not kid friendly but have a high customer rating.
The Loch Fyne restaurant serves wines and cheeses in a family friendly establishment. Their prices are in the low range.
The Golden Curry provides Indian food It is located in the riverside. It is near Café Rouge. Its customer rating is average.
Come to Strada, an average rated non child friendly Italian eating establishment near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café. They're prices are high
The Twenty Two, close to the river, Japanese dining for the whole family.
Although it has a low customer rating, The Rice Boat is a family-friendly French restaurant located in the city centre.
Close to the city centre is an expensive one star restaurant called The Waterman,  It is family friendly.
The Cotto is a restaurant near Ranch English people rating 3 out of 5, kids friendly yes
There is a restaurant Browns Cambridge that is cheap and rated 3 stars.
The Phoenix is less than £20 and Italian food. its in the city Centre but has a low rating.
A high priced riverside location situated by All Bar One is Cotto
The Eagle is a French coffee shop located in the city centre.  It has a high price range, but a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is located near Burger King, and is not children friendly.
Wildwood is a coffee shop near Ranch serving Japanese food. It has a high customer rating and is in the £20-25 price range.
Wildwood pub, serving French food, is moderate priced with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a moderately priced Japanese coffee shop offering a child friendly environment.  They are located in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine.
At Riverside is a high price, bad rating coffee shop called The Golden Palace.
The Rice Boat, located near the Riverside, is an Italian restaurant.
there is a cheap family friendly coffee shop Zizzi in riverside. it has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Eagle is a kid friendly coffee shop that is located on the riverside near Burger King. The Eagle serves fast food and is moderate in pricing. Customers rate the coffee shop 3 out of 5.
The English restaurant located near Café Rouge on the river is called The Golden Curry. It has a low rating but is child friendly.
The Twenty Two is a Chinese restaurant located in river side.  Kid friendly.
The Waterman, located near the riverside, is a cheap Chinese restaurant, receiving high ratings of 5 out of 5, but is not family friendly.
It is not recommended to take your family to the poorly rated, cheap Italian coffee shop 'Cocum'.
Located in the city centre area near Clare Hall is fast food restaurant Bibimbap House.   Average price is less than £20.
A family friend pub is near The Portland Arms.  Its called The Dumpling Tree.
Browns Cambridge has a low customer rating in the less than £20 price range.
The Golden Curry is a Chinese restaurant that has an average customer rating. It is located in the city centre, near Café Rouge. It is not family friendly.
Midsummer House has an average customer rating. They serve Chinese food near Café Rouge.
The Eagle is a moderate priced Indian coffee Shop located in city centre near Burger King. Kid friendly.
The Golden Curry, average rating is located in the center of city near Café Rouge
There is an inexpensive adult only coffee shop Blue Spice located near Avalon.
For a cheap meal in riverside, The Golden Palace pub, close to Rainbow Vegetarian Café, is the place to eat
The Olive Grove is a pub that serves Indian food near the riverside. It costs less than £20 and is not family friendly.
Alimentum, located along the riverside near the Yippee Noodle Bar, serves wine and hors d'oeuvres in the high price range and has a three-star customer rating.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Indian food in the moderate price range. It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The French coffee shop Cocum is cheap, and is not family-friendly. Customers have rated it low.
The Golden Curry has Italian food by the riverside and Café Rouge. It is family friendly and received a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Vaults, a 3 out of 5 star rated coffee shop in the 20-25£ price range, is near Café Brazil and located in the city centre.
Wildwood coffee shop is located in Wildwood near Ranch. Wildwood is moderate in price gaining a 1 out of 5 rating from consumers.
A family safe, mid priced coffee shop located next to Burger King is The Eagle.
The Waterman is a French restaurant in the city center. Customers have rated it low, as its price range is more than £30 and is not kid-friendly.
Strada is a low rated, low priced sushi restaurant that isn't family friendly near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
French coffee shop, Cocum, is not child friendly, doesn't get good reviews and is expensive.
The Twenty Two is a fast food establishment not suitable for families
Located in Riverside, Aromi is a family friendly coffee shop which serves French food and has a 5 out of 5 rating.
Indian food meets coffee shop at The Wrestlers located in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine. This shop is family friendly and priced at less than 20 pounds.
Cotto is a 5 out of 5 customer rated, family friendly restaurant that serves Chinese food near Ranch.
Strada is a restaurant serving average-rated Chinese food, with more wealthy clentele. It is not child-friendly, but located very close to the Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
If you are looking for a location that is children friendly but not cheap, try The Twenty Two in the city centre near The Rice Boat.
The Waterman serves cheap, English, highly rated food in an adult friendly environment at the city centre.
The Cambridge Blue is a pub offering authentic Indian food at a reasonable price. You can find it located by the Café Brazil.
High priced English pub Wildwood has an average customer rating.
The Mill is in the city center near The Sorrento. It is an Italian coffee shop with a high price range.
The Eagle is a restaurant that serves average Chinese food.
The Cricketers is a children friendly pub near Ranch
There is a Japanese Pub named Strada near Yippee Noodle Bar that has a high customer rating.
In the riverside area is a kid friendly English food place named Green Man. It has a moderate price range. It is near All Bar One
The Rice Boat offers inexpensive Chinese food.  It is located near the riverside near Express by Holiday Inn. It is not a place for families.
The Cambridge Blue is a pub that provides Chinese food in the high price range. It is near Café Brazil.
Offering English cuisine, The Punter is an expensive high price restaurant.
The Mill is a cost-friendly coffee shop that serves sushi. It is located near The Sorrento by the river.
Loch Fyne is an expensive Italian restaurant that is not family-friendly
There is a cheap fast food restaurant near All Bar One called Midsummer House. It has an average customer rating.
Strada, located near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café, has a low customer rating, but it's Chinese at a lower price in a family friendly atmosphere.
Cocum is a children-friendly high rated pub, priced more than £30.
Near the Yippee Noodle Bar is a Fast food place called Alimentum and is on the riverside, serves fast food, and also has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Mill is an Indian Pub in the high price range located in the city centre.
The Dumpling Tree serves food.  It is not family friendly and is near The Portland Arms.
The Wrestlers is great place for fast food, family atmosphere, warm clentele and moderate prices
Highly rated restaurant The Golden Palace can e found on the riverside.
A well priced family friendly restaurant is The Vaults.
The Eagle is a kid friendly Italian coffee shop near Burger King in the riverside area. It is high priced with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
for expensive Japanese food in a family friendly place there is The Golden Curry which is near The Bakers
Aromi is an Italian coffee shop located by the riverside which is child friendly and has a rating of 1 out of 5
The Golden Curry is a moderately-priced fast-food chain that is friendly to kids and near The Bakers.
The Plough is a cheap pub, located near the Café Rouge. Only caters to Adults, no kids allowed.
The Waterman sells Indian food for a high price in the riverside area, with a customer rating of 1 out of 5. They're child friendly.
The Phoenix has an average review. It is Italian and is in the city centre
Forbid friendly fast there is The Waterman located in the Crown Plaza Hotel.
Situated by the riverside The Rice Boat is a child friendly restaurant that serves Italian food and has a high customer rating.
Aromi coffee shop serves fast food in the city center. The customers give the restaurant 5 out of 5 rating for its adult environment.
Blue Spice, a riverside coffee shop located near Avalon, is family-friendly. its price range is under 20 pounds and the rating is low.
Considered to be average-rated restaurant, The Wrestlers offers high price range Chinese food.
The Twenty Two serves English food in the Riverside area and is kids friendly.
Cocum is an average priced pub that is highly rated and not kid friendly.
Blue Spice is reasonably priced, not kids friendly and its customer rating is 1 out of 5.  It is located at the city centre.
The Green Man is a Chinese food restaurant in the riverside near All Bar One. It has a high price range and is not family friendly.
Yes, it is moderately priced. The English food is good at The Wrestlers. It has a 3 out of 5 rating.
Strada provides Indian food in the moderate price range. It is near Rainbow Vegetarian Café. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Located in the city center is coffee shop called Fitzbillies which serves Indian food. It is moderately priced and has an average customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Giraffe is a family friendly Italian pub near the river.
The Waterman is a family friendly Chinese restaurant located near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Wildwood is a pub with medium pricing and is also rated as a 3 star restaurant.
There is a Japanese coffee shop, Aromi, which has 5 out of 5 customer ratings and is located in riverside. It is not family-friendly.
freshly prepared 5 star foods Wildwood coffee shop is just up from the Ranch.
Located near The Portland Arms. You will find a kid friendly coffee shop called The Cricketers. they serve French food, and have an average customer rating.
The Waterman in the city centre offers upscale Italian cuisine at a high price with some customer satisfaction.
The Vaults is a low priced, Japanese restaurant. It is a family friendly place with a lovely atmosphere.
Browns Cambridge specializes in English cuisine. They have a high priced menu and have an average customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Plough offers a fine dining experience that is family friendly.  Café Rouge is located close by.
Fast-food is available at Green Man on the riverside for over 30 pounds per person. Its a child friendly venue and you will find it near All Bar One.
High priced Rainbow Vegetarian Café named Strada rated 1 out of 5 by customers. The place is child friendly and serves English food.
The high priced Chinese restaurant  called The Waterman  in Riverside is not child friendly and has a rating of 1 out of 5.
By the Riverside is a restaurant named Loch Fyne that serves Japanese food. It is located near The Rice Boat and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Green Man is a family friendly, fast food restaurant near All Bar One.
At the riverside and close to Express by Holiday Inn, The Rice Boat serves Italian food in a high price range and has an average customer rating. It has a children-friendly setting.
Cocum is a cheap family friendly pub with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Waterman is a low-priced restaurant in the north city that delivers family services
We do not offer a child-friendly environment. Japanese food is served here at The Olive Grove. Our pub is very low-priced. Located in the city centre
Located on the riverside near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café is The Golden Palace. A pub which serves cheap food.
The Golden Curry offers low rated Italian food in a non-family-friendly environment.
The Golden Palace is a moderate-priced coffee shop located by the riverside, serving Italian food and 1 out of 5 customers recommend it.
There is an expensive pub, with average customer ratings, near Café Adriatic. It's called The Vaults.
The Golden Curry is not a family-friendly restaurant. It is riverside near Café Rouge and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Clowns is near Café Sicilia. It is family friendly and has a price range of less than £20.
There is a Japanese kids friendly restaurant known as The Vaults that is in the price range of £20-25.
Fitzbillies have very cheap prices, they are located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café
Fitzbillies coffee shop is a cheap, family friendly coffee shop by the river.
Cotto has a less than 20 pounds price range and is situated in the riverside area, near All Bar One.
There is a low price range coffee shop Taste of Cambridge located close to the Crowne Plaza Hotel. It has a superb view across the river.
The Rice Boat in the Riverside area is an English restaurant with a family friendly environment and  an average customer rating.
The Olive Grove is a pub that provides Chinese food in the less than £20 price range. It is located in the city centre.
Near The Rice Boat on the river side is The Twenty Two which is less than £20 and has a low customer rating.
If you are looking for a non children-friendly coffee shop, with prices around £30 , but with high customer ratings, The Eagle is for you. It serves Indian food and it is located in the city centre, near Burger King.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop that is not family friendly. It is located in riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel and has a low customer rating.
The Green Man, a family-friendly establishment in the city centre has a price range of less than £20
The Rice Boat a high price range Fast food which is a not so Children friendly is located near the Express by Holiday Inn in the riverside
The Green Man pub in the city centre offers fast food. It is located near the Café Rouge.
5 out of 5, cheap, family-friendly, The Twenty Two is located near The Rice Boat in the city centre.
Fitzbillies in the city centre is a average rated family-friendly coffee shop providing French food with a price range less than £20.
Close to The Bakers, The Golden Curry is a family friendly restaurant in the higher price bracket.
City centre offers a great coffee shop named Aromi located near the river.
Cotto is a coffee shop located near The Portland Arms.  It is in the high price range.  It has an excellent rating.
In the riverside area there is a cheap pub named The Olive Grove. It is family friendly.
Cotto is a coffee shop located near The Portland Arms and on the river that also provides typical American fare in a fine-dining atmosphere.
Cotto is an Italian restaurant and coffee shop, near The Portland Arms. It has a three-star rating.
In the riverside area,The Twenty Two, near The Rice Boat has an average customer rating. It is kids friendly. The price range is high.
The Vaults is a excellent restaurant in the city centre
There's a place called The Waterman that is kid friendly that serves Indian food near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
The Taste of Cambridge is a restaurant with high pricing and an average of 3 out of 5 client rating.
Blue Spice is not kid friendly. It is located in the city centre with a low customer rating and costs more than £30.
Blue Spice is a Japanese restaurant in Riverside that would cost less than £20.
Giraffe is a higher-priced restaurant located near The Six Bells
There is a poorly rated restaurant Loch Fyne located near The Rice Boat in the city centre that offers Japanese food.
The Vaults serves moderately priced Italian food with an adult atmosphere.
The Eagle has average customer rating. It serves Fast food.
There is a family friendly Indian restaurant, Loch Fyne, with menu prices in the range of £20-25.
A Family friendly place called Cotto near Ranch has a Customer rating of 5 out of 5 and serves Fast food.
Located near Ranch, there is a restaurant named Cotto that is family friendly and serves Chinese food that is rated 5 out of 5 by their customers.
Wildwood is a coffee shop featuring Indian food at a high price. Customer rating is average and it's located near Ranch.
The Rice Boat is a low priced fine dining restaurant near the Express by Holiday Inn in the city centre. It is family friendly and has a 1 star rating.
Along the riverside, near the Yippee Noodle Bar, Alimentum serves medium-priced fast food and has a five star rating.
Strada provides Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is near Rainbow Vegetarian Café. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a children friendly fast food restaurant and coffee shop. It is located in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine
Strada is a popular restaurant near Rainbow Vegetarian Café that serves expensive Chinese cuisine. Hire a babysitter for the kids and have a date night at Strada.
Strada is a cheap, family friendly restaurant located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.  It is rated 5 stars.
The Golden Curry is a 3 star, family friendly restaurant, located in Cambridge.
The Phoenix is an Indian restaurant with an average customer rating in the centre of the city.
Midsummer House is a expensive  Japanese restaurant located in City Centre near All Bar One.  3 out of  5 customer rating.
For more than £30 you can get French food at a restaurant called The Dumpling Tree.
The Eagle restaurant is located in the city centre.
If you're after some French cuisine and a kid friendly atmosphere look no further than the highly recommended The Golden Curry, near Café Rouge in riverside.
The Golden Curry is not family friendly and is near The Six Bells.
Japanese food with a price range less than £20 is served at the Wildwood coffee shop. This is near the Ranch and has an average customer rating.
A riverside restaurant is Zizzi. It is expensive.
Fitzbillies serves breakfast food items at an affordable price, and is located next to The Six Bells.
Strada is a restaurant serving cheap Chinese food.  Though not family friendly, it has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 and is located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
Cotto is a low-quality coffee shop near The Portland Arms and the city river.
The Eagle is a inexpensive 5 star family restaurant located near Burger King.
The Eagle serves Fast food and has average customer rating.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre. They serve Fast food, no children menus or services, in a high price range.
The Rice Boat is a Japanese restaurant near Express by Holiday Inn at city centre. Its price range is high and is rated 3 out of 5 by customer. It is also children friendly.
Moderately priced,  The Green Man serves  Chinese food. This child friendly restaurant is located in the riverside area near All Bar One.
Located close to All Bar One, there is a  restaurant named The Cricketers which offers fast food.
The Waterman is an average Fast food, family friendly restaurant in the riverside area that is cheap.
Looking for some fast food The Twenty Two is serving fast food. Not family-friendly, located by the riverside.
The Wrestlers is a five star, family friendly facility.  It is based on the outskirts of the town and offers family food.
Near Clare Hall in the city centre  is a low customer rating  Italian coffee shop called Clowns.
The Eagle Italian restaurant customer rating 5 out of 5.
In the riverside there is a children friendly pub with a high price range called The Olive Grove.
Although non-family-friendly, The Golden Curry can be found near The Bakers, selling Japanese food at a less than £20 price range.
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly venue serving Japanese food. Located in the riverside area, Browns Cambridge can be found near The Sorrento.
Cotto coffee shop provides Indian food at a moderate price range. Its customer rating of 1 out of 5. Locate are city centre area near to The Portland Arms
The Dumpling Tree is a family friendly pub that serves Japanese food. It is located near The Portland Arms.
The Browns Cambridge located near The Crowne Plaza Hotel is the place to be for all the family. Located near the riverside it's perfect whether you want a quick coffee or some good Italian food. The customer rating is 1 out of 5 so drop by and help improve this.
The Mill is a pub located at the riverside that serves averagely priced Italian food.
The Punter serves Japanese style food and the price range is L20-25.
Green Man is located by All Bar One in Riverside. Children are not allowed as this is a pricey French restaurant.
The Wildwood restaurant near Café Rouge has good customer ratings with excellent food and service, with a lovely atmosphere.
Cocum restaurant is very nice place to eat exquisite food  with family and friend in the night
The Rice Boat on the riverside offers Japanese food and a family friendly atmosphere. The Rice Boat also merits a five star customer rating.
The Cambridge Blue is a cheap pub serving fast food near the Café Brazil.
Offering a variety of food and the view of the river, The Waterman is a family friendly restaurant with a five star rating.
Near The Sorrento and the riverside you can find a cheap coffee shop called The Mill that sells Italian food.
Alimentum is a moderate family-friendly Italian restaurant in the center of the city.
In the riverside area, near Clare Hall there is a restaurant called Bibimbap House. It offers French food at a price range of £20-25.
Need a place that's children friendly yes try The Waterman price range more than £30.
There is a family-friendly pub at the city centre that serves French food called the Giraffe.
Aromi is a pub in the riverside area that is family-friendly and has average customer ratings.
The Vaults is a pub near Café Adriatic. It has a high customer rating and the prices are more than £30.
The Punter is a relatively inexpensive Indian restaurant.
Taste of Cambridge is a coffee shop serving Japanese food, it's located in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel and is not family-friendly.
There is an expensive English restaurant Green Man located in city centre near All Bar One.
Browns Cambridge is a cheap Italian restaurant rated five out of five.
Aromi is a French restaurant located along the river.
The Rice Boat is a moderately priced family friendly restaurant  that overlooks the river. Serving wine and fresh baked bread daily
Fitzbillies is considered to be a children friendly place located near the Express by Holiday Inn with high price range and low customer rating.
Zizzi is a cheap restaurant in riverside.
The Olive Grove is a public moderate French food restaurant located in riverside
There is a coffee shop near The Bakers called Giraffe.  It is kid friendly, has a customer rating of 3 out of 5, and a £20-25 price range.
The Waterman is a pub that serves Italian food with average rating located near riverside.
Located near Café Brazil is a mid-cost coffee shop called The Vaults.
The Twenty Two restaurant offers Italian cuisine in an constant child-friendly atmosphere located on the riverside of Cambridge.
Taste of Cambridge is a kid friendly Japanese coffee ship, near Crowne Plaza Hotel in riverside.
There is a one star restaurant The Golden Curry near Café Rouge.
The Vaults sells French food. It is low price and family friendly.
The Waterman is a family friendly restaurant that serves English food.  They are located in the city centre.  They are cheap and have a 3 out of 5 rating.
The Wrestlers is a kid-friendly Italian restaurant in the moderate price range with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
For cheap Indian food, try the Midsummer House near All Bar One. It is rated 5 out of 5.
Cotto is a Japanese restaurant near Ranch.  It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5, and is child-friendly.
The Cotto is an Italian coffee shop near The Portland Arms.  It is a moderate price range in the city centre.  Rated 3 out of 5.
The Phoenix that served Italian food in less than £20 at the riverside area received a low customer rating.
The Twenty Two is a kids-friendly restaurant located in riverside near The Rice Boat with a 1 out of 5 rating and moderate prices.
The Vaults is a dine in, low priced, family friendly restaurant.
I love the Cocum coffee shop even though they are not family-friendly and have a low customer rating. I can get great Fast food for less than £20.
Down the road from All Bar One, you will find Midsummer House. There food is pricey, but they do have 5 stars.
There is a kid friendly English restaurant in the city centre called Alimentum that is moderately priced.
The Rice Boat provides Chinese food It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is average.
With its low customer rating, The Waterman is a pub which provides Chinese. It is located in the city centre.
A high customer rating pub known as, Clowns, is located in the riverside area and the prices are more than 30 pounds.
The Travellers Rest Beefeater is a family friendly restaurant in the less than £20 price range.
Alimentum is a kid friendly French restaurant in Riverside, it has moderate prices.
The Wrestlers restaurant offers French cuisine at budget prices, but does not welcome families. It is located outside of the City centre near Raja Indian Cuisine.
Browns Cambridge is not too expensive and has some of the best food in the area
Alimentum is a English restaurant with a low price range, less than £20. Described as family-friendly, it is located in the city centre.
The Waterman is  highly rated and kid friendly serving French food to the riverside area  with a price range of £20 -25
Green Man is located in Riverside near Café Rouge. They offer fast food in a pub style eatery.
The Rice Boat, serves French, is kid friendly, its located riverside and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
If you're looking for something family friendly by the river, try Fitzbillies coffee shop.
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing sea food deliveries in the average  price range. It is located in the north of city after Burger King next to river
Fitzbillies, a coffee shop that has been rated 5 out of 5, is located in the city centre.
Taste of Cambridge is a non family-friendly, Italian coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city center.
The Bibimbap House is a low priced place to eat.  Its location is near the river right next to Clare Hall.
Loch Fyne is a high-end restaurant, serving great authentic Italian food. Perfect for date night
Zizzi is a pub. They have been rated one star. Family's are not welcome.
The Golden Curry is in the city centre, near Café Rouge. It is family-friendly and serves English food. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The city centre contains an Indian restaurant , named The Phoenix, with low ratings.
Strada is near Rainbow Vegetarian Café. It is child friendly and has a high price range with an average customer rating.
There is a Japanese restaurant near All Bar One named Midsummer House that serves Japanese food in the less than £20 price range. It has a low customer rating.
Wildwood is a coffee shop that serves Indian food in the £20-25 price range. They have a high customer rating and are near Ranch.
Strada with an average customer rating and cheap price range is family friendly.
The Waterman is a fast food pub in the riverside area, it has a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
The Wrestlers has fast food available for the whole family and while the prices are not cheap the quality is not abysmal.
Aromi, is coffee shop yes kids-friendly riverside 1 out of 5
Blue Spice is low rated by customers and not children friendly. It cost no more than 30 euros and is in the city centre.
The Cambridge Blue is a restaurant that provides Chinese food Its customer rating is average.
The Golden Curry is restaurant that does not allow children. It is located near to The Six Bells.
The Waterman is an Italian pub near the riverside. It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 stars.
The Golden Curry provides Indian food It is located in the riverside. It is near Café Rouge. Its customer rating is high.
The Golden Curry located near Café Rouge is suitable for families.
The Rice Boat providing French Food. It is located in riverside near Express by Holiday Inn. High Costumer rating and £20-25 price range.
Loch Fyne provides Chinese food and it has a customer rating of average. It is in the city centre and it is near The Rice Boat.
The Wrestlers is a family-friendly coffee shop in the northern City Centre next to Raja Indian Cuisine with a low price range.
Loch Fyne is a restaurant which serves Japanese food. Average prices range between £20-25 and children are welcome.
The Sorrento is a kids friendly English food eatery near Browns Cambridge in the riverside area.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop situated near the Crowne Plaza Hotel, in the riverside area. Its customer rating is average and it typically serves French food. It is family-friendly.
Cotto falls in the moderate price range and is located on the riverside near All Bar One.
The Eagle is a well-known  winery that offers a variety of cheese and wine pairings for visitors to try.
Close to Rainbow Vegetarian Café is an inexpensive placed called Fitzbillies.
Along the riverside is a fast food. place called The Twenty Two. It offers a family-friendly environment.
Moderate price range fast food Bibimbap House is located near Clare Hall in city centre.
Bibimbap House located in the area of riverside near Clare Hall, the serve delicious English food for less the the mere price of 20 pounds.
Alimentum is a cheap restaurant in the city centre near Yippee Noodle Bar, with a rating of 5 out of 5, serving English food.
A family friendly sushi restaurant named Aromi received three out of five stars
Midsummer House is an Indian restaurant with a moderate price range. We have a rating of 1 out of 5 and we are near to All Bar One
The riverside Café near Café Adriatic named Travellers Rest Beefeater had a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and a price range of 20-25
There is coffee shop near Café Sicilia, The Punter that has high customer rating and serves Indian food at a price ranging more than £30. It is not children friendly.
Located near Yippee Noodle Bar in the City centre, Alimentum is an average rated Japanese restaurant serving cheap Japanese meals.
Strada is cheap restaurant that has a high customer rating, but is not family-friendly.
The Travellers Rest Beefeater, located near Café Adriatic at the riverside, is a expensive yet low rated establishment.
The Twenty Two is a no children cheap food outlet no less than £20 per meal near The Rice Boat in the  city centre low customer rating.
A coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre called The Wrestlers sells French food moderate pricing and not child-friendly.
There is a high priced coffee shop that has Italian food in Riverside, named The Golden Palace.  Customers seem to enjoy it, averagely.
Green Man is a higher-cost Italian restaurant located near All Bar One. Families welcome.
With a customer rating of a 3 out of 5, Clowns is a pub in the riverside area.  It has a high price range.
Located in the riverside area, The Rice Boat serves French Food.
3 out of 5 Riverside area restaurants are not kids-friendly. They are offer moderate priced English food at The Rice Boat which is near Express by Holiday Inn.
There is a low price, one star coffee shop called Wildwood that sells sushi, it is located next to the Ranch.
The Punter is averagely priced serving Chinese food.
Loch Fyne restaurant serves French food. Prices are higher than average for city. It is not suitable for families with children.
Located near The Portland Arms is coffee shop The Cricketers. coffee shop is child friendly and a French cuisine, rated high by customers.
The Rice Boat is an inexpensive restaurant that serves English cuisine for less than 20 pounds. It has a low customer rating and is not a family-friendly environment.  The Rice Boat is located near the Express by Holiday Inn in riverside.
There is a cheap fast food restaurant called The Rice Boat. It is located by the Express by Holiday Inn, North of the City Centre by the river.
Go to city centre for Italian food. There is a coffee shop called Aromi that is not kid friendly and has earned a low rating.
Strada provides Chinese food in the cheap price range. It is near Rainbow Vegetarian Café. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
A high priced restaurant near All Bar One is called Midsummer House.  It is moderately recommended and offers wine.
Anyone on a budget can stop in at low rated Fitzbillies is near Express by Holiday Inn.
In the riverside, near the Express by Holiday Inn, there is The Rice Boat, which offers French food, is highly rated, cheap and not family-friendly.
The Wrestlers provides Indian food in the cheap price range. Its customer rating is average.
Riverside local coffee shop Fitzbillies offers fast food in a low rated price and a family friendly low rated environment.
The Phoenix is a restaurant that does English food.
The Waterman is a cheap, three-star family restaurant that serves pasta. It is located near a river.
The Clowns coffee shop serving Italian food can be found at the riverside near Clare Hall. It has been rated low by customers.
The Golden Curry is a Japanese restaurant providing sushi in the medium price range. It is not suitable for families and located beside The Bakers.
Green Man is located in city centre located near All Bar One.
Alimentum serves Chinese food, is in the cheap price range, located in riverside, and is family friendly.
The Rice Boat serves Chinese food with a 3 out of 5 rating, it's in the Riverside area and is kid friendly.
The Alimentum serves Japanese food in the high price range and is located in the city centre near Yippee Noodle Bar.  Alimentum has a 3 out 5 rating.
Alimentum an Italian restaurant in riverside is kid friendly with moderate prices.
Strada is a Japanese restaurant near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café. It is kid friendly, has a price range of 20-25, and has a rating of 3 out of 5.
Would you like to go to that coffee shop, The Punter, it isn't kid friendly, but it's fast food with a high customer rating, it's averagely priced at £20-25, and it's near, Café Sicilia.
The low-rated customer French restaurant The Rice Boat is located near Express by Holiday Inn within the city centre. The prices are less than £20 and they are a family-friendly establishment.
Strada is a Sushi restaurant that is family friendly with medium price range. Located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
Check out The Browns Cambridge, a friendly Chinese restaurant in the City Centre close to The Sorrento.
Cotto,with a 3 star rating and a low price range ,is a coffee shop. It is at the riverside near The Portland Arms.
The Waterman pub in the Riverside area, serves French food with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Though not family friend, The Waterman in the city centre has cheap English food and a 5 out of 5 rating.
Browns Cambridge is a restaurant that is inexpensive and is rated 3 out of 5 stars.
Great city centre location near the Yippee Noodle Bar. Come check out the low rated Japanese restaurant called Alimentum. It will cost you more than £30 though.
In the riverside area, near Express by Holiday Inn, there is a children friendly, high priced Japanese restaurant, with a low customer rating, called The Rice Boat.
There is a fast food coffee shop in the riverside area called Aromi. It has a great customer rating of 5 out of 5 but is not family-friendly.
There is a pub near Rainbow Vegetarian Café in the city centre named The Golden Palace.  They offer prices less than  £20.
Wildwood is a full-service coffee shop that is located next to Ranch.  It offers meals at affordable prices.
Browns Cambridge is a kids friendly Japanese restaurant, located in the riverside area, near The Sorrento.
Aromi is a child friendly pub in the riverside area with a high customer rating.
Wildwood is a higher-priced French pub which received a customer-rated 3 out of 5.
A family friendly coffee shop with an average customer rating called The Cricketers is located near The Portland Arms.
The Dumpling Tree is a family friendly French pub near The Portland Arms.
The Dumpling Tree restaurant serves moderately priced Chinese food.
Although it is not family-friendly, Strada, located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café, is a low-cost Fast food restaurant with an excellent customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop with a moderate price range that has Japanese food and is located in city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine and is not kid friendly.
For an high price range, Wildwood is an average rated pub that serves Chinese food.
The Giraffe pub services Italian food and is family-friendly. it is in the city centre.
The Rice Boat It provides fast foods at a reduced price and is located near the river, there Express by Holiday Inn
You can find English food at a moderate price range at The Punter
The Eagle, a kids friendly coffee shop with a moderate price range, with a rating of 3 out of 5. It serves Italian food and is in riverside near Burger King.
A coffee shop called The Eagle is kid friendly. It located in the city centre near Burger King.   It offers fast food at moderate prices. It's rated 3 out of 5 by customers.
Alimentum is an Indian family friendly restaurant that is cheap and near riverside.
Midsummer House is an expensive fast food restaurant, north of All Bar One. Its food is of a spectacular quality.
Average priced English food is available at highly rated Browns Cambridge.
The Twenty Two is an adult restaurant with a high rating near The Rice Boat by the river.  Prices for meals range from 20-25.
The Italian restaurant need Yippee Noodle Bar, Alimentum, has a medium price range but has been given poor reviews.
Near The Bakers is an English place called The Golden Curry. It is considered a children friendly place with prices above average.
The Waterman provides Indian food in the £20-25 price range. It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is high.
Zizzi, a child friendly coffee shop located in riverside, has an average cost of 30 euros and has a low customer rating.
Near The Bakers, children friendly The Golden Curry serves Japanese food for more than £30.
Strada has kid friendly service, a moderate price range, and a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Olive Grove is an Italian pub with a high price range in the city centre and it is not a child friendly zone.
The Golden Curry is a cheap, family friendly venue, near The Bakers, that serves English food.
Giraffe is a fast food pub in the riverside area that is family friendly.
Located on the riverside near Rainbow Vegetarian Café is The Golden Palace, a pub in the moderate price range.
coffee shop children-friendly French food named Fitzbillies has a price range of more than £30 and low customer rating is available near riverside.
There is a low rated expensive restaurant called Travellers Rest Beefeater near Café Adriatic in the Riverside area.
Giraffe is a medium priced coffee shop located near The Bakers.
The Rice Boat is a great Japanese restaurant with 5 out of 5 customer review ratings, for its great food and cheap prices. It is the perfect restaurant for families, situated in the riverside area near Express by Holiday Inn.
In the city centre area, Alimentum French restaurant offers a moderate price range. We are not kid friendly.
Wildwood is a coffee shop providing English food and wines in the low prices. It is located near to Ranch. It has 5 out of 5 stars.
Loch Fyne is a low rating French restaurant located in the city center near The Rice Boat.
The Golden Curry offers fast food in a child friendly atmosphere near Café Rouge in the riverside area with high customer ratings.
Looking for an Indian restaurant in the riverside are; The Phoenix is moderately priced but suffers from a poor customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Near the riverside is a pub called Giraffe. It serves Chinese but it's not suitable for families.
Alimentum, near Yippee Noodle Bar, has a low customer rating and is low priced.
Near Avalon along the riverside is a child friendly coffee shop that is too expensive and poorly rated called Blue Spice.
Fitzbillies is an Indian food restaurant with a price range of £20-25 near The Six Bells.
The Green Man on the riverside serves French food.  It's family friendly and a meal is less than £20.  It's near All Bar One.
Near All Bar One, in Riverside area,  place called Green Man does  high priced Japanese food children friendly.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop in the city centre. It's average in ratings, low and price and has an Italian theme.
A child friendly French restaurant with a price range of more than more than £30 is the Loch Fyne.
The Cotto is located near The Portland Arms, at the city centre. It is a coffee shop which serves moderately priced Fast food. Rated 3 out of 5.
Aromi is a coffee shop that serves wine and has a rating of three stars.
Having a customer rating of 3 out of 5, The Rice Boat has a price range of between £20-25 and can found near Rainbow Vegetarian Café
Green Man provides Chinese food in the £20-25 price range. It is located in the riverside. It is near All Bar One.
Alimentum is a cheap English food place in city center near Yippee Noodle Bar  with an average customer rating.
The Waterman is a mediocre restaurant that serves Oriental food to families.
A child-friendly coffee shop and fast food restaurant, Browns Cambridge is highly-rated. It is located near the Crowne Plaza Hotel, by the riverside.
The Waterman is a family friendly pub offering modestly priced French food near the river. Its customer rating is poor.
The Golden Curry offers the best Indian food in town. Has an average customer rating. It is located by the beautiful riverside and is near Café Rouge. And yes it is family friendly.
Wildwood is a pub providing take-away deliveries in the high price range
The Eagle is a riverside coffee shop near Burger King offering Indian food for more than £30.  It is highly rated and is child friendly.
Alimentum is a five star rated restaurant located close to the Yippee Noodle Bar. It is in the mid price range.
The Waterman is a Chinese restaurant with a moderate price range near the city centre. It has a customer service rating of 1 out 5 and is not kid friendly.
In the city centre, near The Sorrento, there is a Japanese restaurant called Browns Cambridge. It is not family-friendly.
Blue Spice is a cheap restaurant specializing in British Cuisine.  It is located near the river on the outskirts of the city center.
Alimentum is a Japanese restaurant offering menu items that range less than £20. It is located near Yippee Noodle Bar, in the riverside area.
low customer rating, cheap French food that is not family-friendly in the city centre you can find Fitzbillies coffee shop
The Rice Boat is located beside the Express by Holiday Inn at the end if the city that is a low price dine in restaurant.
Giraffe is a coffee shop  providing excellent customer service-in the low price range. It is located near The Bakers.
Near Café Brazil on the riverside, a coffee shop named The Vaults has a moderate price range and a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
A high priced Italian food place, named The Wrestlers, is children friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Aromi is an Italian coffee shop located in the city centre. It is not family-friendly and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Eagle is a non-kid friendly coffee shop located in the centre of the city near Burger King. They offer Indian food at a moderate price with a 1 out of 5 rating among customers.
The Punter serves Japanese for£20-25.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop the serves Indian food, with high customer Rating, located in riverside, but the price Range is more than £30.
There is an Italian coffee shop in riverside called Fitzbillies. This restaurant has a high customer rating and is kid friendly with a price range of £20-25.
The Phoenix is in the city center, with English food ranging from £20 to 25 and a high customer rating.
If Japanese is what you are looking for Located near the  All Bar One in the riverside area The Green Man is family friendly costing less than £20
Alimentum is a riverside restaurant serving Japanese food. Price range in moderate, no children allowed.
For food in the £20-25 range, try the Giraffe. It is a restaurant located near The Six Bells.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is a great restaurant with low prices but not a good place for family
The Olive Grove pub, near the river has seafood and Oriental dining.
Above average cost Italian coffee shop close to Wildwood Ranch with 1 out of 5 customer Rating
Green Man is a restaurant serving English dishes with a low price range situated near All Bar One at Riverside, not family-friendly.
Cotto is a coffee shop that serves Indian food, with prices ranging from £20-25. It has high customer rating, and is located in the city centre near The Portland Arms.
Loch Fyne is a restaurant that is located next to The Rice Boat.
The Blue Spice coffee shop is located near Avalon, by the riverside. Kids-friendly and moderately priced, it has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The average customer rating of Browns Cambridge has a high price range.
The Mill is an expensive fast food pub in the city centre.
Bibimbap House provides Chinese food in the less than £20 price range. It is located in the riverside. It is near Clare Hall.
The Green Man offers Italian food, moderately-priced food, is kid-friendly, and is located near All Bar One in the riverside area.
Alimentum provides Chinese food in the more than £30 price range. It is located in the riverside.
High rated Alimentum in city centre, close to Yippee Noodle Bar serves French food in the £20-25 price range.
Located in the city centre, near Burger King, The Eagle is an average priced, family-friendly coffee shop serving French food with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Loch Fyne, a non kid friendly Italian restaurant, has a moderate price range.
Fitzbillies coffee shop offers average priced Italian food in a family-friendly environment.
The Mill is a pub serving Japanese food in the city centre and is in the more than £30 price range.
Zizzi has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It's a non kid friendly coffee shop in riverside with a moderate price range.
The Golden Curry serves 5 star rated food and is a family friendly establishment.
The Wrestlers is an coffee shop serving Indian food. They are low cost and family friendly, located in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine.
There is a cheap fast food restaurant The Phoenix located in the north of the city that provides high quality food and take-away deliveries.
The Golden Curry offers Indian food near Café Rouge in the city centre area. It is family friendly with an average customer rating.
The Waterman, a French food restaurant located in riverside has customer ratings of 1 out of 5. It has moderate price range and is not kids friendly.
Fitzbillies is a French family-friendly coffee shop in the city centre.  It is moderately priced and has a customer rating 1 out of 5.
For a 5 star family friendly sushi restaurant, Cotto is near the Ranch
Midsummer House, near All Bar One, has a low customer rating, is in the less than £20 price range, and serves Fast food.
The Wrestlers is a 3-star, family friendly restaurant.
Cotto offers coffee shop and French food with expensive price near The Portland Arms.
The Giraffe is not a family-friendly pub for eating Italian food in the city centre.
Come to The Olive Grove, a child friendly pub in the city centre which serves Japanese food for under £20.
The Cotto a good English restaurant near the Ranch.
Families are welcome to eat Italian food at Loch Fyne restaurant.
The Mill is a pub in the riverside area that offers Chinese food in the less than £20 price range.
Families can find a fair coffee shop named Fitzbillies close to the city river.
Wildwood is a coffee shop that sells Indian food,  high price range, customer service rating 1 out of 5, near Ranch
The Cricketers is a coffee shop with French food that is not family-friendly and has a customer rating of average, near The Portland Arms
The Green Man, near All Bar One in the city centre, serves French food at great prices - less than £20. Yes, it is family-friendly.
The Waterman is a non-family friendly restaurant just north of the Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Aromi is a fast food, coffee shop type restaurant by the riverside area.  It features a 5 out of 5 customer rating and is not family-friendly.
Blue Spice is a coffee shop near Avalon in the riverside area. It has an average customer rating, is family friendly, and has a price range of less than £20.
Moderate priced pub on the riverside is called The Mill.
The Golden Curry is a riverside restaurant located a short distance from Café Rouge. They offer traditional British cuisine.
The Cricketers is family friendly Italian food restaurant with a low customer rating near The Portland Arms
The Twenty Two is a children Friendly, low rated, more than £30 price ranged place near The Rice Boat.
In the city center there is a Japanese pub by the name of The Olive Grove. This establishment is kid friendly and has moderate prices.
The Twenty Two has a high customer rating, it's kids friendly and has a price range of £20-£25. It's near The Rice Boat by the riverside.
Alimentum is a 5-star Italian restaurant located near Yippee Noodle Bar on the river to the north of the City Centre serving moderately-priced fare.
In the riverside area near The Sorrento is where you can find a kid friendly, French restaurant called Browns Cambridge.
Near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area you can find The Wrestlers. This adult coffee shop serves inexpensive Italian food.
The Rice Boat, near Express by Holiday Inn in the city center, is a moderately priced fast food place. It is not kid friendly and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Loch Fyne is a restaurant that serves French food and is child friendly
The price Range is more than  £30 for the French food near The Bakers,The Golden Curry is not children Friendly.
Strada is an establishment that serves mid-priced Chinese food. It is highly rated by its customers, is child friendly, and situated near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
Browns Cambridge sells family friendly food and can be found near The Sorrento by the riverside
The Green Man which serves English food is medium priced and child friendly, located in Riverside near All Bar One
Browns Cambridge is located by the riverside near The Sorrento. They serve English food and are kid friendly.
The Olive Grove offers fast food in a pub setting for adults only.
Browns Cambridge, a coffee shop, isn't family-friendly. It serves fast food, is located near the Crowne Plaza Hotel, is riverside, and has a low customer rating.
The Waterman is a kid friendly French restaurant in the riverside area.  Prices are moderate, and customers rate it 1 out of 5.
At riverside is a  English restaurant named Blue Spice. It is an expensive restaurant.
The Waterman is a children-friendly, perfectly rated French food restaurant with a price range of more than £30 and is located in the city centre
Midsummer House is a Japanese restaurant near the Café Rouge but it has a low customer rating.
The Vaults pub, is high priced with 3 out of 5 rating near Café Adriatic.
Strada a restaurant has a low rating
Clowns is a good place to eat but price range is high its available near to riverside
Zizzi is a family-Friendly Italian pub with a low customer rating.
Cocum, the children friendly coffee shop that cook Italian served at a high price range is rated as average by customer.
There is a one-star pub Zizzi that does not provide family services.
One highly customer rated pub is Wildwood, which serves French food. The price range is in the region of £20-£25.
Japanese food place 'Cotto' is an excellent choice for a place to eat out at. It is located near Ranch and is not a family-friendly environment.
There is a three star coffee shop called The Golden Palace near the river.
The Olive Grove pub offers Japanese food between £20-25, located in Riverside and kids friendly.
Green Man is a kid friendly place that serves Japanese food that is a bit pricey. It is in the city center near All Bar One.
Cocum is a child friendly restaurant with a 3 out of 5 customer rating.
The Golden Curry provides Chinese food in the less than £20 price range. It is near The Bakers.
The Golden Curry is a children Friendly Italian place near The Bakers with a more than £30 price range.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop with a price range of more then 30 dollars. Has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. They serve Japanese food in the area of city centre.
You will be traveling to Browns Cambridge which is right by the riverside.  The location is near The Sorrento.  There will be a lot of Japanese food that will be provided for dining and the trip will be, yes, kid friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop that also offers Japanese cuisine. Located in the city centre near Crown Plaza Hotel, it is rated 1 out of 5.
In Riverside there is The Punter near The Portland Arms is family friendly restaurant and cheap eats.
The Vaults is a cheap, average rated restaurant in the riverside area near the coffee shop, Café Brazil
The Rice Boat is a family-friendly restaurant, near Express by Holiday Inn, that serves burgers and chips. It has a five-star rating.
The Mill is a cheaply priced riverside pub that serves Japanese food.
The Olive Grove is a high priced pub serving Italian food. It's located in riverside and is children friendly.
A French restaurant with a low customer rating is The Cambridge Blue.
Near Café Rouge is a place named Cotto that offers Japanese food.
Located near the Burger King at the city centre, adult coffee shop The Eagle serves Japanese food at average prices while boasting a high customer approval rate.
The Twenty Two is a family friendly, Indian restaurant by the riverside.
The Eagle has a price range of 20-25 euros. It is located near the riverside and has a 3 out of 5 customer rating.
The Eagle is a family friendly coffee shop and French restaurant located outside of the City Centre. It is near Burger King.
The Phoenix, located in the city centre, is a very well-respected restaurant that serves expensive Chinese cuisine.
Cocum is a family oriented Café and restaurant it is in the low price range.
The Rice Boat is located near to Express by Holiday Inn, in the riverside area. It serves Italian cuisine and is priced at £20-25. It has a high customer rating but it is not child friendly.
Indian coffee shop Cocum is average price average rating but not family friendly.
There is a place called Green Man that serves Indian food that is near All Bar One. It is by the river side, its price range is less than £20, and it is not family-friendly.
A kid friendly pub, The Dumpling Tree serves English food. It is located near The Portland Arms.
There's a non-family-friendly French restaurant called The Twenty Two that is located in the city centre.
Strada is a family friendly Italian restaurant near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café.  They are medium priced and have a five-star customer rating.
The Twenty Two restaurant is located near The Rice Boat in riverside. With a rating of 5 out of 5, they have earned more than £30 and are no longer child friendly.
Loch Fyne is a non family friendly Chinese restaurant where meals are less than £20.
The Wrestlers is an average price sushi restaurant.  It is family friendly.
Located near The Bakers, The Plough is a child friendly restaurant that is also expensive.
Aromi, an Italian coffee shop located in the riverside area is kid friendly and rated high by customers.
If you've got the extra money, try out Zizzi, a restaurant in Riverside.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop serving cheap food near the river.
The Golden Curry, located in the riverside next to the Café Rouge, is a kid friendly restaurant. They offer English style cuisine an have rating of one our of five from previous customers.
Fitzbillies is a low-rated establishment near Express by Holiday Inn. However, it has cheap prices and welcomes families.
Taste of Cambridge, a coffee shop with Fast food, and children friendly, it is in the riverside area,  near the Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop providing Indian food and has an average customer rating. Located in the city of Riverside, it is a family-friendly establishment that is near the Crowne Plaza Hotel
The Dumpling Tree is a restaurant that serves cheap English food.
A late night Fast food coffee shop called The Cricketers is situated by The Portland Arms and has mixed reviews.
There is a family friendly eat type English food restaurant by the name of Loch Fyne.
The Cricketers is a coffee shop that offers fast food and is not family-friendly.  It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 and is located near The Portland Arms.
Near The Portland Arms is a coffee shop called The Cricketers. It serves Japanese food and is children friendly but the customer reviews are low.
The Dumpling Tree is a pub located near The Portland Arms. They serve Indian food and are child friendly.
Near The Rice Boat in city centre Loch Fyne serves Indian customer rating 5 out of 5.
The Cambridge Blue is a five star restaurant that provides a variety of tasting and pairing with wine.
For cheap, child free fine dining head to Loch Fyne.
Fitzbillies is a family friendly restaurant near Express by Holiday Inn with a price range of less than £20 with a low customer rating.
Near the riverside, there is a restaurant named The Golden Palace with a rating of 3 out of 5.
A French coffee shop with 3 out of 5 ratings is Clowns near Clare Hall in the riverside area.
Serving French food includes The Giraffe. This children friendly pub is located in the Riverside area.
Near to The Portland Arms is a child friendly pub which serves Japanese food called The Dumpling Tree.
The Browns Cambridge is an average place to find high priced Italian food.
For Japanese food, try the pub called Wildwood.  It is quite expensive and has a medium level customer rating.
The Rice Boat has a low customer rating. They are located in the city centre serving French food and are non family-friendly.
The Waterman is a cheap restaurant located in the city centre.  It is not family restaurant with low rating.
There is a cheap, sushi serving restaurant called The Punter.
For cheap Japanese food, The Vaults offers rood at less than £20 but is not family-friendly
A kid-friendly English food establishment is The Wrestlers. The rating is 1 out of 5, and is only average. It also has a moderate price range.
Located in the city centre, The Rice Boat offers Japanese cuisine.
There is a coffee shop near The Portland Arms that is rated 5 out of 5 and is family friendly named The Cricketers and serves French food.
Strada is a restaurant with a poor customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Cambridge Blue is a fast food pub with a high price range near Café Brazil
Green Man is a Chinese restaurant in the riverside area. It is family friendly and the price range is cheap. It is located near All Bar One
Loch Fyne restaurant serves French food but is not family-friendly
Blue Spice as a coffee shop  near Avalon in the riverside may not be a smart choice for family and is less than £20 with a low rating.
For good Indian eats near Ranch, Zizzi is a nice, kid-friendly pub with an above-average customer rating of 3 out of 5.
In the £20 - £25 price range is the high customer rated, kid friendly The Twenty Two found near The Rice Boat in the riverside area.
Cocum is a fast food coffee shop that is not children friendly. It has a high price range and a customer rating of 1 out of 5,
The Mill is located near The Sorrento and offers a mid-price range
The Phoenix is situated on the Riverside, it serves English food and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Taste of Cambridge,  near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area, is a family friendly coffee shop with Japanese food.
The Eagle is a children friendly fast food coffee shop near Burger King in the city centre area. It has a 1 out of 5 customer rating and a high price range.
Located near the Burger King at the city centre, is family-friendly coffee shop The Eagle.  Serving Japanese food, The Eagle, is high priced with a 3 out of  5 customer satisfaction rating.
Fitzbillies is a kids friendly coffee shop that serves French food. It is located in the city centre. It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and a price range of £20-25.
Food, Wine, and Spirits on the waterfront. The Phoenix offering 3 star service at an affordable price.
If your looking for a place to eat Japanese food there is a place near The Rice Boat, which is located by the riverside and the name of the place is called Bibimbap House.
Near Café Rouge, there is a cheap pub of English  food and family friendly called The Plough.
Near The Portland Arms there is a non family-friendly French coffee shop with an average customer rating named The Cricketers.
There is a high priced fast food establishment on the riverside called Blue Spice.
Clowns is a well-rated coffee shop near Clare Hall that serves pasta.
The Giraffe, an English riverside pub. Offers fun for the whole family.
The Eagle is a mid-price 5-star family restaurant and coffee shop. It's north of the city center.
Midsummer House is a eat in restaurant  located next to All Bar One.
French cuisine and a children friendly environment at The Waterman, near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
The Phoenix  is an average English restaurant in the riverside area in the cheap price range
There is a cheap Indian restaurant Strada located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café, which is family friendly and has a an average customer rating.
Cotto is a coffee shop located near The Portland Arms, Riverside, serving French food for under £20.
Fitzbillies is a family-friendly, high rating, fast food coffee shop in the city centre, prices are very good in the 20-25 range.
The Vaults is a coffee shop in the riverside area near Café Brazil which has a price range of £20-25 and a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
In the riverside are you can dine in a kid friendly environment at The Rice Boat which provides an average dining experience for those who enjoy Japanese foods.
The family friendly The Golden Curry can be found near Café Rouge on the river. It serves Japanese food and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Alimentum is a chain of Indian food with affordable costs below £ 20, located in Riverside, an unfamiliar place
For a kid-friendly, riverside, French coffee shop, go to Fitzbillies.  The price range is around £20 and it has average reviews.
The Golden Curry is located on the Riverside near Café Rouge and is a child friendly Japanese place.
The Phoenix is an average English restaurant in the center of the city.
The family friendly restaurant The Olive Grove is moderately priced,
Midsummer House, found near All Bar One has a moderate price range and sells Italian food. It is rated 1 out of 5 by its customers.
Fitzbillies coffee shop serves Japanese food, and is located near the riverside. They are child friendly, despite their low customer ratings. Fitzbillies' prices are higher than 30.
The Olive Grove, is a cheap pub, that offers family friendly French food in the Riverside area.
The Rice Boat, locating near Rainbow Vegetarian Café, is an average restaurant with cheaper fare.
The Punter Is a family friendly coffee shop with Italian food sadly it has a low customer rating. If you want to find it it is near Café Sicilia
A kid friendly, averagely priced restaurant is Travellers Rest Beefeater.
Taste of Cambridge is a great restaurant rated 5 out of 5 star where the price range is above 30£.
There is a place that serves French called Bibimbap House. The price range is less than £20. It is located near Clare Hall in the city centre.
The Waterman provides Chinese food in the high price range. It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is average.
Located in the city centre, The Phoenix is a cheap Italian restaurant with an average customer rating.
In the high price range, The Wrestlers is a  child friendly coffee shop serving Indian food in city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Twenty Two is a kid friendly French restaurant in the riverside area.
Green Man serves Indian Cuisine, is located near All Bar One in the city centre and is kid friendly. The prices are average.
For a pub that serves Italian food near Café Brazil, try The Cambridge Blue. They have a  cheap price range.
The Mill is located near the riverside. They provide French food with a pub atmosphere for average prices.
Cocum is an Indian coffee shop prices are less than 20, it is rated low but is family friendly.
The Waterman is a restaurant providing take- away deliveries in the medium range . It has a excellent rating between the comensales and is a family restaurant.
Fitzbillies is an adults only venue sited near Express by Holiday Inn, it is moderately priced and not highly recommended.
Providing Japanese food, The Eagle has an average customer rating.
By riverside Fitzbillies offer coffee shop and Japanese food. Highly rated £20-£25 and kids not welcome
Loch Fyne is a fast food restaurant highly rated by customers located in city centre near The Rice Boat.
Taste of Cambridge gets a rating of 3 out of 5, it's a restaurant offering meals at £20-£25 a head
There is an Indian coffee shop named The Cricketers that is near The Portland Arms and is family-friendly. Customer satisfaction is 5 out of 5.
Near Café Rouge is an Italian eatery named Cotto.
Cocum is a coffee shop that is family friendly and cheap and rated one star.
The Punter coffee shop located near Café Sicilia provides fast food for families at cheap prices
The Wrestlers is an average priced Japanese restaurant for adults. Customer ratings are low.
The Vaults is an expensive coffee shop located by the riverside near to the Café Brazil. It has an average customer rating.
Strada is a family-friendly restaurant located outside the city centre near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
Zizzi is a Fast food pub that is family friendly with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a poorly reviewed Italian restaurant with a high price, and an adult type atmosphere.
Midsummer House, serving moderately priced Indian food near All Bar One, is rated low.
Cocum is a family friendly pub serving cheap food and a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Eagle is at the riverside and the price range is high. It is rated 3 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is an adult only moderately priced highly rated fast food coffee shop located in riverside
The pub Wildwood, serves English food and  is moderately priced, but has only received a 1 out of 5 customer rating.
The Plough is a family friendly pub serving Indian food near Café Rouge, priced at more than L30.
The customer rating of 5 out of 5 for the restaurant The Golden Palace located at the Riverside.
Alimentum serves English food for cheap. They have average ratings and are located near Yippee Noodle Bar in city centre.
Fitzbillies is an inexpensive restaurant near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
The Waterman provides Indian food in the cheap price range. It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is average.
Aromi is a coffee shop that serves Italian food.  This kid-friendly restaurant is located in riverside and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Clowns pub in the city centre offers a great quality - if pricey - experience.
A family-friendly, cheaply priced fast food restaurant that is located near Express by Holiday Inn in the center of the city is The Rice Boat.
The Olive Grove is a pub offering Indian food in the lower price range in Riverside and it is family friendly.
Near The Six Bells  there is a family friendly place called The Golden Curry.
The Golden Palace is an Italian coffee shop in the city centre area. It has a high price range and a 1 out of 5 customer rating.
High priced adult coffee shop, Cocum, boasts a high customer satisfaction.
Browns Cambridge is in the high price range. This a sushi restaurant.
If you are looking for a family Friendly pub in the riverside area, try Taste of Cambridge, located near The Sorrento.
Strada is an English pub near the Yippee Noodle Bar with a low customer rating.
Aromi is a coffee shop that serves wine and has a rating of three stars.
There is a family friendly French place called Green Man that is located near All Bar One in the riverside.
Aromi is a coffee shop serving French food in Riverside. It is children friendly and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Midsummer House is a 5-star Italian restaurant near All Bar One.
Loch Fyne is a restaurant providing Indian food
The Plough is cheap family friendly pub that serves French food. It is located near Café Rouge.
Cocum is a coffee shop that bring a service of Fast food
The Waterman is a non-kid friendly Chinese restaurant in the riverside area.
Eat at Giraffe.  It's a family friendly French pub in Riverside.
The Twenty Two offers spirits and snacks. it is not family-friendly.
Near Café Brazil, The Cambridge Blue is an Italian pub averaging £30 per visit.
The pub that serves French food in the riverside area is called The Olive Grove.  It is children friendly but the price range is high.
The Golden Curry, a fast food restaurant serving riverside area customers near Café Rouge, has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Strada has a high price range with an average customer rating and yes it is child friendly.
The Waterman with 1 out of 5 stars serving up Italian food high prices within the city center. no children welcome.
Close to Clare Hall at riverside is Clowns coffee shop. They serve French food and have a good rating.
The Eagle is located close to Burger King there is a average cheap family friendly Italian coffee shop.
The Punter, a coffee shop very close of Café Sicilia that brings you a Fast food service
There is a Japanese restaurant called The Dumpling Tree with prices ranging from £20-£25.
In Riverside is Alimentum, a family friendly restaurant serving Chinese for meals less that £20.
A family friendly pub called Giraffe near the river serves quick food.
For a child friendly moderately priced French meal head to Alimentum located near centre city.
In the riverside area there is a venue called Bibimbap House which serves fast food near The Rice Boat.
In the city center you can find Loch Fyne, an Indian restaurant, it's near The Rice Boat, and it has a 5 out of 5 rating.
Located near the city centre near Café Sicilia is The Dumpling Tree.  It has a price range of more than L30 and is not children friendly.
The Olive Grove is a pub that provides Chinese food in the less than £20 price range. It is located in the city centre.
An average priced place to eat would be Midsummer House near All Bar One. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and serves Japanese food.
Located in the city centre, Aromi is an English restaurant.
Located in Riverside, the coffee shop Aromi receives low ratings from customers because it is Fast food and lacks a family-friendly atmosphere.
There's a French restaurant called Loch Fyne that's not family-friendly and has a price range of less than £20.
The Waterman is located on the river.  It is kid friendly and in the low price range.
Near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café is an English restaurant named Strada; it is non kid-friendly with a price range of 20-25 and a high customer rating.
Although the price range is more than  £30, The Rice Boat has a high rating. It is near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
In Riverside, close to The Sorrento, the English cuisine, family friendly, Browns Cambridge is situated.
The Waterman is a great place to take the family for mid priced, highly rated food. Just outside City centre.
Located near Café Rouge, The Plough is a French pub that is not kid friendly in the above-average price range.
The Eagle is a coffee shop serving low priced French food close to Burger King near the river. It is not family friendly and has a rating of 1 out of 5.
Given 5 out 5 rating by customers Clowns coffee shop provides fabulous Japanese food on the riverside, close to Clare Hall
The Dumpling Tree pub, mature English dining near The Portland Arms
The Rice Boat in the city centre is a family-friendly fast food place with an average rating.
Strada is a moderately priced Indian food restaurant located near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café. It is not kid-friendly, and it has been rated 3 out of 5.
Family friendly,The Punter an Indian restaurant located near Café Sicilia. With a price range less than £20, the customer rating is low.
The Golden Curry is a one star rating family friendly place located near Café Rouge.
The Waterman is situated near the Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is children friendly and serves Chinese food.
The Waterman is a high-priced fast food restaurant by the river. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and is family-friendly.
The Waterman is a highly rated, child friendly Indian in the city centre. Prices are on the high side.
The Eagle is a coffee shop, which also serves Indian cuisine at moderate prices. Customers have rated the food 3 out of 5. The Eagle is situated near the riverside and Burger King. Children are welcome.
A high price pub in the riverside area called The Olive Grove serves English food is not children friendly.
If your looking for a kid friendly place in riverside, try The Olive Grove
Strada is a fast food restaurant located near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café. It provides low quality food at high prices and is not family friendly.
looking for is a family friendly pub serving Chinese food in the city centre, the the Giraffe may suit you.
The Cricketers is a coffee shop that also serves fast food. With an average customer rating, it is located near The Portland Arms. It is not family-friendly.
Located in the riverside area you will find a non family friendly high priced Chinese pub named The Olive Grove.
Down at Riverside there's a nice Chinese restaurant for families called, The Rice Boat.
Browns Cambridge provides Chinese food in the less than £20 price range. Its customer rating is low.
The Wrestlers coffee shop is not family friendly but serves Indian food for under £20 in the riverside area right near Raja Indian Cuisine
There is a Chinese food pub in Riverside that is moderately priced called The Mill.
The Golden Palace, is a coffee shop, which offers Indian food, within a high price range, and has an average customer rating. It is located in a riverside area.
The Twenty Two id kid friendly and serves Indian food.
The Rice Boat is  near Rainbow Vegetarian Café, it is in the more than £30 price range and has a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
Green Man is kid friendly Japanese near All Bar One in riverside with a moderate price range.
The Waterman serves Indian food near the Crowne Plaza Hotel and is child friendly.
There is a non family-friendly restaurant named The Wrestlers, which serve Japanese food. The price is cheap and it has a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
Moderately priced fast food is served in a child friendly environment at The Olive Grove Pub, located in the City centre.
The Cambridge Blue is a pub located near Café Brazil. This establishment features Chinese cuisine with prices ranging from 20 -25 pounds.
Loch Fyne is an above average price range restaurant in the city. They serve fast food and they are family friendly.
Clowns is kids friendly with moderate price range located near Café Sicilia.
Loch Fyne is a restaurant, which offers Indian food, and is kids friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop near the river and Crowne Plaza Hotel. It serves Indian food, doesn't allow children. It is near the river and scores highly with customers.
The Wrestlers sell cheap Chinese food. They have an average customer rating and are not family friendly.
Midsummer House near All Bar One is a restaurant in the moderate price range
Fitzbillies is a kid friendly Japanese coffee shop found riverside with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 and prices ranging above 30 pounds.
Chinese pub The Wildwood has an average customer rating and serves food within a cheap price range.
The Vaults is a restaurant providing English French deliveries in the low price range. It is located in the city centre.
Strada provides Indian food in the high price range. It is near Rainbow Vegetarian Café. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Olive Grove pub is low priced and also serves meals. It is in the city center.
The Phoenix has an average customer rating. It is located in the city centre and serves Indian food.
In riverside is The Twenty Two, which serves English food in a children friendly environment.
Aromi Japanese coffee shop is a kid friendly coffee shop located in the riverside area.  customer ratings are high.
Located within the city centre, The Rice Boat is a highly rated and  kid friendly English restaurant. The Rice Boat is situated near Express by Holiday Inn and boasts a menu with a price range between £20-25.
In Riverside, there is a  place named Blue Spice, with a customer rating of 3 out of 5, it's kid friendly,  and moderately priced.
In the city centre The Giraffe is a family-friendly pub which serves Italian food.
The Dumpling Tree is a restaurant that offers Chinese food for less than  £20.
Strada serves Indian food cheaply.  It has a customer rating of average but is not family friendly .  It is near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
Green Man is a restaurant that provides Indian food and has a price range of more than 30 pounds. It is located in the city of Riverside and is a family friendly establishment that is near All Bar One.
Aromi, a coffee shop with low customer ratings, is located in the riverside area and offers French fare.
Zizzi is a family friendly Japanese pub.  Zizzi's customer rating is a 5 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is located near the Express by Holiday Inn and is child friendly with the average bill being under 30 pounds with high customer ratings.
The Giraffe is a pub serving Chinese food. They are sited within the city centre and are family friendly.
Blue Spice is an elegant, high end French restaurant set in a beautiful riverside location
Strada is a pub near Yippee Noodle Bar. It is a one star pub.
Located at City Centre inexpensive fast-food served at The Phoenix. Customer's rating are low
Strada is an expensive English restaurant near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café
The Olive Grove pub is family friendly serves Japanese priced less than £20 in riverside.
The Plough pub is a friendly place for all the family to enjoy. The fast food cost no more than 20 pounds and is located near Café Rouge.
The Plough is an affordable restaurant suitable for families situated next to The Bakers.
The Wrestlers is a Japanese not children friendly place with a great customer rating of 5 out of 5 and with a price range of £30 and over.
The Punter is a coffee shop that offers family friendly fast food fare at prices that are less than £20. It is located near Café Sicilia, but does receive a low customer rating.
The Rice Boat is an English food restaurant near the Express by Holiday Inn. It is family friendly.
Located in the Riverside area, The Olive Grove is a moderately priced pub serving English food.
Bibimbap House is a cheap fine in restaurant close to the end of the city located beside Clare Hall.
Zizzi is an Indian-style Pub that is not family friendly. Zizzi has an average customer rating.
Fitzbillies is an expensive Italian coffee shop  with a low rating. Children friendly they are  located in riverside
The Wrestlers near the Raja Indian Cuisine on the riverside is a Japanese coffee shop. No families. Its prices are within the less than £20 range.
Loch Fyne is a Fast food restaurant that is family friendly.
There is a child friendly restaurant in riverside near All Bar One that is priced more than  £30 called Green Man.
The Rice Boat is located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café. Price is high. 1 out of 5
Midsummer House, near Café Rouge, offers English cuisine.  its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Cricketers, an unfriendly, lowly-rated Indian coffee shop, is located near The Portland Arms.
A high price pub in city centre is the Clowns. It has a 3 out of 5 customer rating.
Browns Cambridge can be found near The Sorrento in the riverside area. It serves Italian food and is family friendly.
The Olive Grove is a high-cost but family-friendly pub.
Located in the riverside area near The Sorrento is a moderately priced coffee shop serving Indian food called The Mill.
There is a family friendly restaurant called The Golden Curry, which serves English food. It is located near Café Rouge and the riverside with a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
For £20-25 you can get fast food at the kid friendly restaurant The Vaults.
The Rice Boat is an American restaurant on the river.
Aromi coffee shop serves Indian food and is in the city centre. But is has a low customer rating and is not family friendly.
The Rice Boat provides Indian food in the more than £30 price range. It is located in the city centre. It is near Express by Holiday Inn. Its customer rating is high.
For less than £20, you can buy Indian food at The Golden Curry near The Bakers however it is not family friendly.
Located within the city centre near The Sorrento, Taste of Cambridge is a non-family oriented pub.
Midsummer House is an expensive, one-star, sushi restaurant near the All Bar One.
Zizzi is a coffee shop is located in the city centre. It is not child friendly. Prices range more than £30 and has a low customer rating.
The children friendly pub located in riverside serves Chinese food in the range of £20-25 is called The Olive Grove.
Clowns is located in the very popular Riverside neighborhood. The pub is loved by locals, despite its high bill of over £30 on average.
At the riverside there is a 3 out of 5 rated Japanese , it's the name is The Phoenix.
Child friendly restaurant Loch Fyne serves French food.
Blue Spice, near riverside, is a moderately priced fast food place.
Situated in the city centre near Café Rouge is The Golden Curry which serves Japanese food. It is not family-friendly and has a low customer rating.
Serving Japanese food, Giraffe is a pub that is family friendly and is near the riverside area.
The Waterman is a highly rated, kid-friendly Italian restaurant in the city centre with a price range of L20-25.
The Rice Boat is rated 5 out of 5 priced more than £30 is near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
Close to Crowne Plaza Hotel in riverside area, there is a Fast food coffee shop named Browns Cambridge. Browns Cambridge is rated by 3 out of 5 customers as kids friendly.
Near the Express by Holiday Inn, The Rice Boat is a 3 star family friendly restaurant that is usually high  priced.
Fitzbillies is a family friendly coffee shop located in the city center that provides Indian food which has a low customer rating and the price range is less than £20.
Midsummer House is a low-priced, low-rated English restaurant near All Bar One.
Fitzbillies, rated 5 out of 5, is a cheap Japanese coffee shop located near the city centre.  It is not family-friendly.
The Waterman is a Chinese pub with an average customer rating located in riverside.
With a customer Rating of 5 out of 5, the The Cambridge Blue is a nice Japanese restaurant.
The Dumpling Tree offers Fast food at a dine in restaurant. The price for the meals are more then £30 on average.
With a customer rating of 3 out of 5, The Wrestlers is a French, kid friendly, restaurant with prices ranging £20-25.
For a cheap option in the riverside area consider Clowns pub. it has been rated average by previous visitors.
A highly rated eatery serving Japanese cuisine located by Café Rouge and with a river view is The Golden Curry. They welcome kids of all ages.
Zizzi is a French pub and family friendly. They have great food.
Cotto is a coffee shop providing Fast food deliveries in the more than £30 price range. It is located in near The Portland Arms.
Strada is a cheap, family friendly restaurant rated 5 out of 5 by customers.
The Loch Fyne is a family friendly French restaurant under L20.
The Olive Grove is a pub that offers Japanese food and is family-friendly, located in the city centre and has a price range of less than £20
Browns Cambridge has an average rating and offers dining at less than £20.
Loch Fyne is a restaurant serving Japanese food. It is family friendly
Giraffe is a pub which offers Chinese food. It is located in riverside and is kid friendly
A riverside, kid friendly pub, Aromi, has an average customer rating.
The Punter is a coffee shop that offers cheap Italian food. It is near Café Sicilia and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 and is family friendly.
The Rice Boat offers a range of French food based in the city centre in the high price range. It is children friendly, and located near the Express by Holiday Inn.
You can take children to Loch Fyne restaurant for Italian food.
An Indian food place in the high price range in riverside is The Phoenix.
The Dumpling Tree is a moderately priced restaurant that serves English food.
The Olive Grove is an adult only restaurant.
The The Twenty Two is a beautiful restaurant located in the area of riverside near The Rice Boat, price between £ 20-25 with a warm clentele
A family friendly coffee shop the has high price is called Cocum.
The Golden Curry is a Chinese restaurant that has a low customer rating. It is located in the city centre and is family friendly. It is near Café Rouge.
Alimentum is near Yippee Noodle Bar in the riverside area. It serves moderately priced Fast food, but has a low customer rating.
Alimentum serves Italian food for cheap, located near Yippee Noodle Bar by the city centre. It's rated 5 out of 5.
The Phoenix located near riverside serves Indian food. The price range is £20-25 and it has a high customer rating.
Green Man is a moderately priced, kid friendly restaurant in Riverside.
A Japanese restaurant that features a customer rating of 3 out of 5, is not child-friendly, and is suitable for a high price range is called The Wrestlers.
A high priced coffee shop called The Wrestlers serves Indian food in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine but is not family friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly, Japanese coffee shop, that is located near the Crown Plaza Hotel in Riverside with a low customer rating.
For French food costing between £20-25, there is The Green Man, near All Bar One in the riverside area. It is kids friendly.
Cotto is a mid-priced coffee shop located north of the city centre near The Portland Arms.
Come eat at Fitzbillies, a moderately priced, kids friendly eatery with a 1 out of 5 rating, located near Express by Holiday Inn.
There is a Japanese restaurant in Riverside that costs less than £20. It is called Blue Spice.
The Plough is a moderately priced pub near Café Rouge. It serves Chinese food and is child friendly.
If you like the average restaurant, try The Golden Palace that is located on the riverside.
Zizzi is an expensive coffee shop in riverside. Its customer rating is low and it is not children friendly.
The Wrestlers sells Chinese food at more than £30, with a high rating and is child friendly.
Near Express by Holiday Inn is Fitzbillies. Fitzbillies is a cheap low rated location that is not family friendly.
The Wrestlers provides Indian food in the more than £30 price range. Its customer rating is high.
Blue Spice in the area of riverside is a family coffee shop with a moderate price and a rating 1 out of 5 close to Avalon
The Mill is a French coffee shop located near The Sorrento in the city centre with a price range of less than 20 GBP.
Sushi lovers should not miss Alimentum located near the Yippee Noodle Bar.  Alimentum is an inexpensive three-star restaurant that will delight your taste buds.
At the riverside is Aromi serving French fare. It is an average rated, child friendly coffee shop.
There is a 3 star £20-25 pub in riverside.  It is called Clowns.
Midsummer House serves Indian food with a high customer rating and situated near Café Rouge.
One could go to The Vaults for inexpensive fast-food; however, leave your children at home as they are not kid-friendly.
We are The Dumpling Tree, a pub close to The Portland Arms. We serve Chinese food. Bring your friends, and family. Age minimum is 21.
Near Rainbow Vegetarian Café is an adult restaurant offering expensive Indian food called Strada. It has an average rating.
In the high price range, with an average rating is the The Vaults pub, near Café Adriatic
Strada is a 1 out of 5 rated restaurant.
A place named Fitzbillies with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and is kid-friendly with a moderate price range. Located near Express by Holiday Inn.
The Golden Palace coffee shop on the riverside serves fast food in the moderate price range and has a customer rating 1 out of 5.
There is a coffee shop called Fitzbillies in the city centre. It sells fast food, is children friendly, has a high price range and  has average customer ratings
Giraffe is a moderately priced restaurant located near The Six Bells.
The Phoenix serves English food and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5, it is located in the riverside area.
The Phoenix on the riverside, has a 5 out of 5 rating for Italian Food
Italian restaurant Fitzbillies is low-priced and is located near The Six Bells.
Aromi is a family friendly Japanese coffee shop. The 3 out of 5 establishment is located in the riverside area.
The Rice Boat is an expensive, family friendly,  fast food restaurant with a 3 star review, located on the River near the Express by Holiday Inn
The Waterman is a highly-rated family restaurant offering full service for a nice price over-looking the river.
Close to The Sorrento you will find Browns Cambridge a child friendly Japanese restaurant alongside the river.
The Golden Palace is a cheap coffee shop north of the city centre and near the river.
Near The Rice Boat is the English restaurant Loch Fyne which has many high customer ratings.
Loch Fyne is your average English restaurant in the riverside area near The Rice Boat.
There is a three star family-oriented restaurant The Rice Boat located near Express by Holiday Inn.
The Rice Boat is a Chinese restaurant with moderate pricing, a 3 out of 5 customer service rating, located in Riverside, it is kid friendly nearby Express by Holiday Inn
There is an average rated, high priced Indian food restaurant named Strada near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.  Sorry children are not permitted
The Rice Boat is a family-friendly fast food food establishment located in the center of the city near Express by Holiday Inn. The range is cheap and it has an average customer satisfaction rating.
Loch Fyne is an Indian restaurant with a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is located near The Rice Boat, in the Riverside area.
The Rice Boat in the city center is an Indian restaurant near the Express by Holiday Inn with a low customer rating but moderately priced
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop serving Indian. It has a low customer rating but prices are less than £20. It is located on the riverside.
cheap, 5 out of 5 customer reviews this coffee shop called Fitzbillies has a no children policy serving French cuisine located close to the riverside.
Strada is moderately priced and kids friendly. Customer rating is 3 out of 5.
Green Man is a moderate priced kids friendly Japanese restaurant in Riverside near All Bar One.
Rated 3 out of 5, Cotto is an Italian coffee shop near The Portland Arms close to the city center , family-friendly and moderately priced
The Phoenix It offers French meals were very fantastic prices
There is a restaurant by the name of Browns Cambridge that serves Chinese food at a moderate cost and average customer rating.
The Punter is a non family-friendly restaurant for a price range of less than £20 located near The Portland Arms in the riverside
There's a high customer rated Indian and coffee shop by the riverside that isn't kid friendly that is around £20-£25 called Fitzbillies.
Midsummer House is located near Café Rouge and serves Italian food but has a customer rating of 1 out of 5
The Vaults pub average rating with high prices near Café Adriatic
Near the Crowne Plaza Hotel is a non family friendly fast food restaurant called The Waterman.
The Eagle is a  family friendly coffee shop that serves Italian food at less than £20 in  Riverside, near Burger King; though it has a low customer rating
The Waterman offers fast, family friendly food just north of the city centre.
Cotto is a coffee shop serving low price Japanese food. It is in the riverside area near The Portland Arms, and customers rate it 5 out of 5.
Located in city centre, The Phoenix provides Italian food; it has a customer rating 5 out of 5.
There is a coffee shop called The Eagle. Its is located near Burger King in the riverside area. It is child friendly and serves Indian food at a £20-25 price range.  It has a high customer rating.
The Golden Curry offers English food for family-friendly.
The Cambridge Blue is a five star restaurant that serves burgers and fries.
There is a coffee shop named Wildwood, near Ranch. It serves Italian food at a moderate price. It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Cotto has a wide selection of high priced pasta dishes, although they are barely worth the price. This coffee shop is located north of the city center., near The Portland Arms, with a view of the river.
The Dumpling Tree is a French pub near The Portland Arms. It is family Friendly.
Cocum is a family-friendly restaurant with a low customer rating.
Aromi is a coffee shop which serves Indian food.  It has an average customer rating, it is children friendly and located near the riverside.
In the city centre, there is a coffee-shop called The Eagle. It offers a children friendly fast-food alternative to nearby Burger King. However, it falls within a high price range, and is only rated 1 out of 5 from customers.
The Vaults is a pub near Café Adriatic. It's rating is sitting at 3 out of 5, but the prices are high.
If you looking for family-Friendly average coffee shop with prices under 20£ look for Zizzi at riverside.
The Waterman, near Crowne Plaza Hotel serves Japanese food. Children welcome.
A Japanese restaurant called The Phoenix is located in the centre of the city.  Prices are less than £20 but it has low customer ratings.
The Phoenix serves mid priced French food with high customer ratings
The Cricketers coffee shop provides French foods with hight ratings is for the whole family . It is located in The Portland Arms.
Strada provides Indian food in the high price range. It is near Rainbow Vegetarian Café. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Golden Curry is a 1 star restaurant located north of the City Centre and near Café Rouge
Near The Rice Boat is The Twenty Two.  In child friendly surroundings with a riverside. It also has great customer ratings for more than £30.
The Mill, a reasonable priced coffee shop, located next to The Sorrento
The Wrestlers is a family friendly establishment offering English food.  While having a low customer rating, it does have food priced at less than £20.
Aromi is a non-family-friendly, average Italian coffee shop in the city centre.
Giraffe is an averagely priced, child-friendly coffee shop near to The Bakers, rated highly by other customers.
The Vaults is a cheap priced pub near Café Adriatic. It has average ratings.
The Golden Curry is a no kids friendly restaurant that serves Indian food, with customer rating 5 out of 5.
The Waterman is a family friendly French restaurant that is located near the Crowne Plaza Hotel.
The Twenty Two is an adult restaurant that offers Indian food near the center of the city.
Fitzbillies, a restaurant near The Six Bells, is sells Japanese food for under £20.
The Waterman is a low-rated, riverside, English pub.
The Aromi serves coffee and Japanese food and is located in the city centre. It is family-friendly but customer rating is low.
The kid-friendly pub near The Rice Boat named The Twenty Two has moderate prices, but only received a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
There is an average coffee shop called The Golden Palace which lies close to the city river.
The Plough is located in the riverside area near Café Rouge with a price range of more then £30. It is a fast food children's friendly pub.
Blue Spice is a low priced restaurant in the riverside area.
Aromi pub by the riverside is kids friendly and highly rated.
In the city centre you can find an average Japanese restaurant called The Phoenix.
Located near Burger King in the centre of the city is a new coffee shop, The Eagle.
Midsummer House is a restaurant that serves Italian food. its customer rating is and it it child friendly. it is near All Bar One and its price range is moderate.
Located near Express by Holiday Inn, The Rice Boat offers fine-dining sushi in a family-friendly atmosphere.
Aromi is a kid friendly Italian restaurant and coffee shop by the riverside.
A restaurant with a moderate price range near the city centre is The Waterman. They serve French food, are kid friendly, and have a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Located near the Express by Holiday Inn in the city centre, The Rice Boat offers moderately priced French food with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.  It is not kid friendly.
A restaurant named Green Man is located at  the riverside.
Loch Fyne serves Chinese food with an average customer rating in city centre near The Rice Boat.
The Phoenix provides your basic quality fast food at riverside.
A non kid friendly coffee shop with a high price range located in the city center is named Zizzi
There is a highly rated coffee shop selling cheaply priced Japanese food. It is called The Eagle and is located near to Burger King. It is family friendly.
The Green Man is a high prices Chinese restaurant in city centre. It's child friendly and located near All Bar One
The Waterman is not children friendly which has a high customer rate and a price range of more than 30 is located in the city centre.
The Eagle offers Japanese food and coffee shop with cheap price near Burger King in riverside.
The Waterman offers a fast food meal. It has average prices. It is family friendly and has a very good opinion
The Rice Boat serves Chinese food in the cheap price range with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 in the riverside area near Express by Holiday Inn; it is not family friendly.
The Wrestlers provides Indian food in the cheap price range. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
The Eagle has an average customer rating for its Indian food. It is a coffee shop in the city centre, near to Burger King. It is not children friendly.
Fitzbillies is in Riverside fast food place. It is a coffee shop with a cheap price range and rating of average.
At the riverside, The Rice Boat is a quiet fast food place which has gotten average reviews.
Zizzi is an expensive, family-friendly coffee shop near the river.
The Mill, located near the riverside, is a moderately priced pub that serves Indian.
For French food near riverside, The Rice Boat has a low customer rating but is family friendly.
The Golden Palace specializes in moderately priced French food. It is located in the center of the city and features a casual coffee shop setting.   It has an average customer rating.
There is a cheap family friendly Chinese restaurant called The Vaults.
Located in the riverside area The Waterman has been rated average in customer ratings it serves English food in the higher price bracket.
Taste of Cambridge is a restaurant with an average customer rating. High price range.
The Golden Curry is a restaurant that sells French food, is kid friendly, and is relatively cheap with the prices being around £20-25. You can find it near The Bakers.
Bibimbap House serves moderately priced Indian food on the riverside by Clare Hall.
The Phoenix has ok food, it's close to the City centre
Alimentum is a restaurant providing Fast food  in the price range less than £20. It is located in riverside and no family-friendly.
The Eagle is a quaint coffee shop serving French food at a moderate price point, specifically friendly to kids. However it has a 1 out of 5 customer rating, but is located near Burger King by the riverside
The family-Friendly pub, Zizzi, serves English food and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Cocum is a family friendly restaurant with an average customer rating.
The Rice Boat is an English-style restaurant located near Express by Holiday Inn in the riverside area.  It's moderately priced, is not kid-friendly, and has a 1 out of 5 customer rating.
Midsummer House serves averagely priced Fast food in the city centre near All Bar One. It has a 5 star customer rating.
restaurant Taste of Cambridge is customer rated 3 out of 5 and has price range of £20-25.
Browns Cambridge is a moderately priced, 5 star fast food restaurant.
Alimentum is an Indian restaurant with a moderate price range. It's located in the city centre and is not kid friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a fast food restaurant which is not family friendly,  has a low customer rating and is located by the riverside near the Crowne Plaza Hotel.
The Cambridge Blue restaurant is a five star restaurant offering French cuisine.
With a 5 out of 5 customer rating, Clowns pub is situated riverside and has a price range of £30 plus
There is a high rated kid friendly Italian restaurant called The Golden Curry
Strada is a wine bar near Rainbow Vegetarian Café that is family friendly.
High price range, children friendly, average customer rating. Blue Spice is in Riverside.
For less than £20 you can go to Zizzi coffee shop in the city centre. It is family-friendly with an average customer rating.
Highly rated by customers, offering Indian cuisine, kid friendly and in the riverside area is The Rice Boat .
There is a pub called Wildwood that offers great food.
Fast food at The Cambridge Blue restaurant has a high customer rating.
Dine with your family near Ranch at Cotto for average English cuisine.
The Waterman is a pub offering Indian cuisine. This establishment is located in riverside and earned an AVERAGE customer rating.
Wildwood is a three star pub with moderate prices.
Midsummer House is a medium priced spaghetti restaurant situated close to All Bar One
The Rice Boat has a poor customer rating and can be found near the Express by Holiday Inn in the city centre. The Chinese food they serve is moderately priced.
The Waterman has a high customer rating for cheap Chinese food. The restaurant is in the riverside area and is not kid friendly.
The Dumpling Tree is a Chinese restaurant in the moderate price range.
The Phoenix have a less than £20 price range, serve English food, have a low customer rating and are located in city centre.
The Twenty Two is a moderate  pub in the city centre that delivers Japanese food.
If you're looking for an inexpensive Italian coffee shop, check out The Golden Palace. It's located in the city centre and rated 5 out of 5.
The Rice Boat serves Japanese food in the less than £20 price range, it is not family-friendly, has an average customer rating and is located near Express by Holiday Inn in the riverside area.
Blue Spice is a not children-friendly restaurant whit a hight price, is also located in the riverside, and the rating is not that bad.
Loch Fyne is a low rating Japanese restaurant at the riverside and it is close to The Rice Boat.
Taste of Cambridge is a pub situated within the city centre, near The Sorrento. It is recommended that you do not bring  your family to this establishment as it is a pub.
Located at the riverside is Zizzi, a higher priced restaurant.
The Rice Boat, near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café, has a moderate price range. It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
There is a low-priced family restaurant Alimentum near the city centre.
Green Man is a moderately priced Indian restaurant in riverside. It is not kid friendly and near All Bar One.
Loch Fyne is a kid friendly English restaurant in the 20 to 25 pound range.
Clowns coffee shop is located by the riverside near Clare Hall. It serves French food. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Wildwood pub serves low quality French food and drink for a high price
The Olive Grove is a costly fast food center named Olive Grove located in the city center. It has a pub facility and does not allow kids.
The Waterman serves Indian food at a moderate price range and is not kid friendly.  The are located in the city centre area.
If you're looking for a cheap, family-friendly place with a great view of the riverside, Alimentum is a good choice.
The Vaults is a restaurant that serves Chinese food.
Near Yippee Noodle Bar is a Chinese food pub, Strada, with an average customer rating.
Strada is a restaurant that received 3 out of 5 stars.
By the riverside, near Café Sicilia, is a pub called The Twenty Two. It has a low customer rating.
A great place to eat English food is The Golden Curry. It is kid friendly.
The Waterman restaurant  with Japanese food in riverside. A eat Type pub with a low customer Rating.
The Waterman is a restaurant providing French food, located in a riverside area, the customer rating is 5 out of 5, is a high-priced and they are Children Friendly.
Near All Bar One in the riverside area there is the Green Man which serves Italian food at a high price range. It is children friendly.
Green Man, located near All Bar One, offers a variety of Chinese food for low prices. It is in the city centre. Leave the children at home.
Alimentum provides Indian food for lest than £20. It is not family friendly and is located on the river.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop by the riverside which offers highly rated Fast food, with prices ranging from £20-25.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop located north of the city center near the Crowne Plaza Hotel.
For cheap Italian food at a place that isn't family-friendly and has an average customer rating, visit The Eagle coffee shop. It is located in the city centre near Burger King.
Aromi pub at riverside is child friendly with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Phoenix is a French restaurant located in riverside . It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Waterman is a child friendly place that is relatively high priced.
The Golden Curry is a family friendly Indian restaurant in the city centre, near to Café Rouge.  The venue has received poor customer reviews.
The Mill is a coffee shop providing French coffee near The Sorrento riverside area.
There is a restaurant The Dumpling Tree that serves Chinese food.
The Punter is a Japanese restaurant with high standards.
The Rice Boat is an Italian restaurant located in the city center near Express by Holiday Inn. It is a family-friendly restaurant that provides low priced meals. The Rice Boat is an average rated restaurant.
Cheaply priced Blue Spice is a family-friendly venue in the city centre
The Punter is a family-friendly restaurant with a less than £20 price range near The Portland Arms in the city centre.
The Twenty Two is a  family-friendly restaurant providing Italian food. It is located in city centre.
A restaurant called Loch Fyne serves French food at above average prices. The restaurant is not family-friendly.
The Cambridge Blue restaurant offers a variety of easy, take away foods.
The Phoenix offers Italian food at reasonable prices. It has low consumer ratings
Loch Fyne is not a family friendly restaurant, but it serves Indian food.
In the high price range, The Punter is a coffee shop offering Indian food. It is not children friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is located near the Café Sicilia.
The Twenty Two is a cheap 5 out of 5 customer rating restaurant that is family friendly and is right near The Rice Boat
The Rice Boat is a kid friendly, fast food place with great ratings near the riverside Express by Holiday Inn. The price range is 20-25 pounds.
Strada is a family-friendly British restaurant near Rainbow Vegetarian Café. It is inexpensive and has a customer rating of three out of five.
There is an average coffee shop Wildwood near Ranch. It serves Japanese cuisine which costs less than £20.
City centre located The Vaults is a family friendly restaurant offering fast food at moderate prices.
The Cricketers is a non family-friendly coffee shop with French food near The Portland Arms. They have a low customer rating.
Giraffe is a poorly rated coffee shop near The Bakers. It is expensive.
Green Man is family friendly and is near All Bar One in the city centre.  It serves Chinese food for less than £20
The Waterman serves English food in riverside. The customer rating is high, it is not children friendly and has a price range of more than 30 pounds.
If you want a decent-priced choice for Indian food, try the Midsummer House. It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and it is located near All Bar One.
Loch Fyne serves Chinese food near The Rice Boat in city centre in surroundings that leave much to be desired.
The Mill pub serves high price range Chinese food and is located in the riverside area
The Waterman was at a pub in Riverside eating Chinese, the low rating for the pub held true.
Cotto is children friendly and offers Indian food in an average price range. It is located near Ranch.
Expensive adults-only Chinese food at Alimentum in the city centre.
The Punter is highly rated for its inexpensive fast food coffee shop near Café Sicilia
Zizzi is a Chinese pub with a low customer rating that you wouldn't take your family to.
For mid priced Japanese food in a riverside location try Alimentum near Yippee Noodle Bar which has a low a rating.
The Rice Boat, serving Chinese food is located by the riverside, is family friendly and has an average customer rating.
The Golden Palace is a cheap French coffee shop in the riverside area with an outstanding 5 out of 5 rating.
Fitzbillies provides French food for £20-25 near The Six Bells.
The Golden Curry is a child-friendly Japanese restaurant rated low by other customers.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop providing low quality food and family services. It is located in the north of city after Crown Plaza Hotel.
Kid friendly, highly rated by customers is The Waterman offering Chinese food within £20-25.
The Golden Curry is a restaurant of Italian food. We are near The Bakers. Join Us.
At the riverside, there is a restaurant rated 3 out of 5 named The Golden Palace.
Cocum is a child-friendly restaurant with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Blue Spice Prices range from beautiful £20-25
The Cambridge Blue is an Italian restaurant with a customer rating of one out of five.
The Rice Boat is a restaurant that offers Japanese food in a moderate price range with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.  It can be found in the city centre near Express by Holiday Inn.  It is considered to be a kid friendly restaurant.
There is an expensive three-star restaurant The Rice Boat located near Express by Holiday Inn.
The Clowns pub price range is more than £30  in high customer rating  in riverside
The Indian restaurant The Rice Boat is rated 1 out of 5. The family friendly restaurant is located in Riverside.
Only the brave should try the the coffee shop atmosphere of the Wildwood in Ranch, for a less than average dining experience with a moderate price tag.
The Rice Boat at riverside provides French food Loch Fyne which has a customer Rating of 1 out of 5.
Loch Fyne is an average rated, French restaurant, near The Rice Boat in Riverside.
The Punter is an expensive coffee shop located near Café Sicilia.  It is family friendly and rated one star.
There's a cheap French pub, The Plough. It is near Café Rouge and is family friendly.
Fitzbillies is a family friendly coffee shop offering fast food close to the river. It is five star rated and in the mid price range.
The Olive Grove is children friendly pub with price range more than £30. It is located in city centre.
The Punter is a coffee shop that serves English food. It has a high customer rating and costs more than £30. It is located near Café Sicilia.
The Phoenix, a French restaurant by the riverside. Serves good-value cuisine for happy customers.
A pub called The Vaults has a high price range and a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is near Café Adriatic.
Kid friendly, The Vaults serves Indian food for more than  £30.
The Eagle a Cheese and Winery.
Along the riverside, near to Café Rouge, there is a highly rated restaurant called The Golden Curry, which serves French food.
Cocum is a family coffee shop that serves American food. It is affordable.
The Phoenix wont surprise you with high quality, but its quick and fast food at riverside.
Come over near the riverside for a  wonderful 3 out of 5 rated restaurant called The Golden Palace.
Near Rainbow Vegetarian Café and children friendly for Chinese food, the only thing coming to mind is Strada where the prices are high and ratings are 1 out of 5.
Near Café Rouge is a family-friendly restaurant named The Golden Curry.  They serve fast food in the riverside area, and have a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Clowns is a high rated, coffee shop near Clare Hall.
The Eagle located in the city centre is rated 3 out of 5 with a price range of 20-25
Located in the city centre near Express by Holiday Inn, The Rice Boat is a cheap Japanese restaurant with a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is not family-friendly.
There is a cheap restaurant Fitzbillies located near The Six Bells that provides delicious sushi.
The Rice Boat restaurant near to Express by Holiday Inn is rated 1 star by customers. It is not child friendly, and sells moderately priced French food.
The Waterman is a unique Italian restaurant in the Riverside area. With moderate prices, low crowds, and an adult atmosphere, you are sure to enjoy a peaceful night full of pasta and oregano.
With a poor customer rating, Cotto serves kid friendly fast food. It is located near Ranch.
The Blue Spice is a coffee shop located riverside near Avalon.  High price range.  Not child friendly.  Customer rating 3 out 5.
The Golden Curry is a child friendly French restaurant on the riverside. It is near Café Rouge and gets a 3 out of 5 rating.
There is a family friendly French food restaurant in riverside. It is near The Sorrento and it is called Browns Cambridge.
A coffee shop called The Punter sells Indian food at a cheap price. It is family friendly, has a 5 out of 5 rating, and near Café Sicilia.
Browns Cambridge is a Fast food serving coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel, that is family friendly and has an average customer rating in the riverside area.
For highly-rated Japanese food pop along to The Golden Palace coffee shop. Its located on the riverside. Expect to pay between 20-25 pounds per person.
There is a cheap family friendly Italian restaurant in riverside called Alimentum.
Taste of Cambridge is a family friendly pub near The Sorrento on the riverside
French cuisine is served by The Rice Boat located centrally in the city near Express by Holiday Inn, in the higher price range for food but has been given customer ratings of 3 out of 5.
Near The Bakers is a moderately priced kid friendly Italian restaurant called The Golden Curry.
The Dumpling Tree is a French restaurant serving food in the price range of 20 - 25.
In city centre, with a high customer rating and a price range of £20-25, The Phoenix serves French food.
1 out of 5 customer rating moderate priced Japanese food in the riverside area for adults only is The Waterman
The Punter is a five star, expensive Japanese coffee shop with family amenities located near Café Sicilia
The Phoenix is located in the Riverside area. They serve Chinese food and have a customer rating of one out of five stars.
Located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café, Strada serves lower priced Chinese food, and has received low customer ratings is not a family friendly place to dine.
A pub by the riverside that serves Japanese food is called The Waterman, which has a very high customer rating.
Along the river The Waterman serves French cuisine. The pub is rated 3 out of 5.
The Waterman does French food and has an average price range, child friendly, with a rating 3 out of 5, they are in the City Centre area.
Cocum is a highly rated, family friendly, fast food coffee shop.
The Eagle is a coffee shop,  located in the area of riverside, near The Burger King.
The Green Man is a low-cost fast food restaurant located near All Bar One. This establishment is not open to children.
One of our higher customer rated restaurants is The Waterman in the centre of the city. It is well known for it's excellent English food. The friendly, family atmosphere The Waterman offers, means you can guarantee a reasonably priced meal.
Located by the riverside, The Twenty Two is a high priced restaurant with a rating of 3 out of 5. This restaurant is not suitable for children and is near The Rice Boat.
coffee shop serving Japanese food, Cotto is high priced with a rating of 3 out of 5, located near The Portland Arms in city center.
Cotto is an Italian coffee shop near The Portland Arms in the city centre. It has a high price range and was given a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Golden Curry, providing French food is children friendly with a low customer rating.
The Browns Cambridge is a Japanese restaurant  with a cheap price range and 5 out of 5 customer rating.
The Golden Curry serves Indian food and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. Yes, it is family friendly and is located in the city centre area near Café Rouge.
At great prices, you can be sure to get excellent French food at The Punter.
Green Man is a middle price range restaurant located just near All Bar One. It is family oriented.
The Phoenix gets low customer ratings and offers French fare in the over £30 range in Cambridge's city centre area.
Browns Cambridge is a venue in the price range of 20 and has been rated average
Cocum is a low-priced coffee shop that is family-friendly and serves Japanese food. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Waterman is an Italian pub in the riverside area, with a customer rating of 1 out of a 5.
If you are looking for a family friendly Japanese pub in the Riverside area check out Giraffe.
Blue Spice is a non child friendly establishment with a low rating. The price range is higher than £30, and it is located at the riverside.
Strada is an average shop with prices less than £20.  Not family-friendly.
Green Man is place where You can get Italian food for less than £20, it is located in city centre, near All Bar One. Not suitable place for families.
The Twenty Two offers a child-friendly fast food experience.
The Waterman is not a family-friendly cheap Japanese restaurant located in city centre and has low customer rating.
Highly priced Italian food is available in Blue Spice located in riverside
A restaurant with price Range of £20-25, Zizzi is located at the riverside
On the riverside is a family friendly Japanese restaurant rated 5 out of 5 by customers, called The Rice Boat
5-Star 'Alimentum' is a moderately-priced restaurant located near Yippee Noodle Bar on the river to the north of the City centre serving a selection of wines and cheeses.
Cocum is a highly rated pub. It's kid friendly and priced £20-25.
The Olive Grove in the city centre is not a child friendly pub with a price range of more than £30 that offer Japanese food.
The Twenty Two, which serves English food at the riverside, is children friendly.
A moderately price Japanese place called The Wrestlers is rated 1 out of 5 and is not kid friendly.
A family friendly restaurant that offers food for a cheap price range and has 5 out of 5 for customer ratings may be found near Express by Holiday Inn, and is named Fitzbillies.
The Olive Grove is an expensive pub by the riverside and child friendly
Sushi restaurant Aromi is near the river.
The Aromi Italian coffee shop has five stars and is family friendly. It is located in the riverside.
Leave the kids at home, while you quickly feed your needs at The Eagle.  This 1 out of 5 establishment is near Burger King in riverside and is also very expensive coffee.
The Waterman serves Fast food. It is in riverside. It is not kid friendly. It has an average price range and a high customer rating.
For a cheap, family friendly coffee shop with an average customer rating in the riverside area, visit Zizzi.
A moderate price pub is The Wildwood.
Loch Fyne a French food place receives  5 out of 5 rating  by customers can be found near The Rice Boat in the center of the city.
The Cambridge Blue is a Chinese pub that is near Café Brazil. The food is average price.
Located near to The Six Bells is the stunning French restaurant named Fitzbillies. Prices are at the higher end but so is the quality of the food.
The Golden Palace is a high end restaurant located in the center. of Cambridge.
The Rice Boat restaurant has expensive prices and has received poor reviews.  It is located next to the Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
The high end, pub style Italian restaurant, The Olive Grove, is located in the city centre area.
For averagely priced  pub food you could try The Golden Palace which is near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café by the river.
The Wrestlers, although not a family-friendly place, serves Italian food at a cheap price. It even has a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
The family friendly Japanese riverside restaurant called Browns Cambridge is near The Sorrento.
Loch Fyne is a restaurant providing Chinese food in the £20-25 price range.
The Vaults, a family friendly Japanese restaurant, is more than £30.
There is a family friendly five star coffee shop called Cocum with a low price point.
In the center of the city there is a customer rated 3 out of 5 moderate price range Fast food restaurant named The Phoenix.
The Mill coffee shop which serves Italian food for less than £20, can be found in the Riverside area near The Sorrento.
There is a fast food restaurant near Rainbow Vegetarian Café named Strada.  It offers prices less than  £20 but it is not family-friendly and has a low customer rating.
Alimentum is a Chinese restaurant with a high price range. The customer rating is average and is found in the city centre area near Yippee Noodle Bar.
Bibimbap House Chinese food price range is more than £30, but sitting along the riverside near Clare Hall softens the blow.
The Wrestlers providing French Food. It is located in City center. Start from low price, have 1 out of 5 costumer rating and Friend-family.
Non family friendly coffee shop serving Indian food for less than £20. On the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is The Wrestlers.
Cotto is family-Friendly French food place rated 5 out of 5 located near Ranch.
The Rice Boat is a fine cuisine take-away delivery  restaurant and the customer rating is very low but it is in the area  near the riverside  which is very beautiful.
Loch Fyne is a child-friendly restaurant serving up English style food.
Clowns is a good option if you're looking for somewhere child-friendly. It's average in pricing, and you can find it near Café Sicilia.
Loch Fyne, a Chinese restaurant situated in the riverside area near The Rice Boat, has revived low customer ratings.
The Wildwood coffee shop located near Ranch has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It serves decent cheap Indian food.
Taste of Cambridge is a Japanese coffee shop family friendly located at the riverside near the Crowne Plaza Hotel.
The Travellers Rest Beefeater is less than £20 and is located in the riverside area near Café Adriatic and has a low customer rating
Green Man is a child friendly Japanese restaurant located near All Bar One in the city centre, with prices ranging more than £30.
Located in Riverside near Burger King there is a coffee shop known as 'The Eagle'. Has a good customer rating, is child friendly and has a good price range for fast food.
Alimentum is an Indian restaurant located the the riverside area. It is moderately priced, but not kid friendly.
The Waterman is a children friendly Italian food restaurant in the center of city with high pricing and low customer rating 1 out of 5.
In the city Centre with a low customer rating is The Eagle with a price of more than 30.
The Giraffe is a family friendly French  pub in the riverside area.
Wildwood   is inexpensive pub and offering the best Chinese food
The Punter in the centre of the city near The Portland Arms, has moderate prices.
The Waterman is a pub providing Indian food It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
Located on the riverside, near The Portland Arms, The Punter is a high priced, child friendly locale.
Near the Crowne Plaza Hotel at the riverside there is a low rated French coffee shop called Browns Cambridge.  It isn't family-friendly.
Browns Cambridge provides Chinese food in the cheap price range. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Bibimbap House serves Chinese food at a price range of £20-25. It is located in riverside near the Clare Hall.
With a high customer rating the Strada serves English food with prices at more than £30. This adult establishment can be found near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
In the city centre is Alimentum.  Italian food with prices less than £20.   It is not a family-friendly place.
The Twenty Two is a Chinese restaurant is family friendly.
Alimentum is a children friendly English cuisine place with high prices in the riverside area.
In the city center area, there is a highly- rated Italian restaurant called The Waterman.  The average plate is more than £30.  Children are not recommended for this restaurant.
The Rice Boat is a cheap, family friendly, fast food restaurant. It is located by The Express by Holiday Inn,  North of the City Centre.
The Olive Grove is a French-styled pub in the riverside area. It is child-friendly, with prices in the £20-25 range.
The Punter is a coffee shop near Café Sicilia with a price range of £20-25. It serves French food and has a high customer rating. It is also kids friendly.
The adult only French coffee shop, The Eagle, is located near Burger King in riverside where you can eat for under £25 at a 3 out of 5 rated place
The Phoenix is a restaurant providing food Italian in the 20-25 pound price range. It is located in the riverside people rating high
The Rice Boat is a children friendly Fast food restaurant with high prices. It has a 1 out of 5 rating and it located in the city centre near Express by Holiday Inn.
Alimentum is a mid priced restaurant that is not family friendly located near the river.
Strada, an English restaurant near Rainbow Vegetarian Café, is rated average among its customers. It is a high priced restaurant and is child-friendly.
The Rice Boat is a kid friendly Italian restaurant in the riverside area with a high customer rating.
Near All Bar One is a children friendly English restaurant, Green Man. This is no greasy spoon diner, with a lovely riverside location and high priced cuisine.
The Phoenix is a customer rated 1 out of 5 Japanese restaurant in the city centre. It has a moderate price range.
Loch Fyne is a high class restaurant serving English food in an adult environment.
Fitzbillies, a place located on the rivers banks is great place to grab a good bite to eat.
You could try the Green Man, it serves Indian food, it is near All Bar One in the city centre. No it is not child friendly but the meals are reasonably priced at about £25 per person.
There is a pub located in the city centre called The Mill that serves French food for less than £20.
The Golden Curry is not a family-friendly French restaurant near Café Rouge, located by the riverside. The customer rating is low.
The Waterman is a low priced but high rated family friendly sushi restaurant.
The Golden Curry is a restaurant providing child friendly fast food in the moderate price range.  it can be fond near The Bakers.
If you are in the riverside area and have more than £30 to spend on a highly-reviewed Chinese restaurant, The Phoenix is a great option.
The Twenty Two is a family friendly, moderately priced establishment located in the riverside area. It can be found near The Rice Boat and has an average customer rating of 3 out of 5.
A family friendly French-style pub, the Giraffe is located in the riverside area.
Near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café is  a cheap, family friendly place called Strada serving English food. It has an average customer rating.
Alimentum is a family friendly Chinese restaurant by riverside in the moderate price range.
Strada provides cheap fast food near Rainbow Vegetarian Café. It has 5 out of 5 customer ratings and is not family-friendly.
There is a fairly good sushi place next to the Crowne Plaza Hotel called Browns Cambridge.
Fitzbillies is an average priced Chinese restaurant.  It is near The Six Bells.
A low-priced fast food restaurant called The Rice Boat can be found outside of the City centre, near to the Express by Holiday Inn. It does not cater for families and has a low rating.
The Cambridge Blue is located near Café Brazil, and it's a moderately priced English pub.
The Phoenix in city centre has a high customer rating with a £20-25 price range but they are fast food.
The Golden Curry provides Indian food It is located in the riverside. It is near Café Rouge. Its customer rating is average.
The Rice Boat is a children friendly restaurant. They serve Indian food and is located by the riverside and their customer rating is average.
The Golden Curry near Café Rouge is a fast food family-friendly has an average customer rating. It is in the city centre area.
Even though it has a low customer rating, Cocum is a family friendly restaurant.
Loch Fyne is a restaurant that serves Indian food and has a high price range and not children Friendly.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop in riverside serving Indian food at a moderate price. It is not kid friendly and has a customer rating of one.
The Punter is an expensive but family friendly coffee shop located near Café Sicilia. It has high customer ratings.
The Cricketers is an excellent, family friendly French coffee shop near The Portland Arms.
The is a kid friendly fast food place near the riverside called The Rice Boat.
There's a coffee shop near The Portland Arms that serves Italian.  It's called The Cricketers, has a 3 out of 5 rating, and yes to being kids friendly.
Situated on the riverside near The Sorrento, the Taste of Cambridge is a child friendly pub.
There is a medium-priced coffee shop Giraffe located beside The Bakers that is rated 3 stars and suitable for families.
Cotto is located on the river, close to The Portland Arms, and serves good food at a reasonable price
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing Indian food in the moderate price range. It is located in the riverside. It is near Burger King. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Wildwood is a cheap fast food coffee shop near Ranch. They currently have an average customer rating.
No, The Punter is Fast food with coffee shop on the side Café Sicilia with cheap average
Located near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café, is The Golden Palace. It is a cheap pub in Riverside.
There is a pub called Wildwood which serves Japanese food and has been given a customer rating of 3 out of 5.  The meals have an average price range of £20 - £25.
This low priced sushi restaurant called Loch Fyne is not family friendly.
The Golden Curry, which serves Chinese food, has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is kid friendly and is located riverside near Café Rouge.
The Waterman in the riverside is highly rated and children friendly. It serves Fast food with price range more than £30.
Fast food for a low price for the whole family can be found in the city centre at the low rated The Waterman.
Midsummer House is an Indian restaurant in the more than £30 price range with a high customer rating.  It is located near All Bar One.
In the center of the city with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 is a moderate price ranged kid friendly English restaurant near Express by Holiday Inn named The Rice Boat.
There is a highly rated, expensive fast food place near the Yippee Noodle Bar in the city center called Alimentum.
The Twenty Two offers sushi in a child free environment.
Located near the Crown Plaza Hotel in a riverside area is a Japanese coffee shop called Browns Cambridge, which is child friendly and has low customer ratings
Fitzbillies serves Chinese food and has an average rating. It is near The Six Bells.
Blue Spice coffee shop is a nice setting and children friendly and is also near the Avalon
The Golden Curry is a family-friendly restaurant serving Japanese dishes.  Located in the city center, you will find The Golden Curry near Café Rouge.  Customers give this restaurant low ratings.
The Rice Boat has an average customer rating near Rainbow Vegetarian Café that is cheap.
The Cotto, close to The Portland Arms in Riverside is a lovely coffee shop offering cheap fast food.
The Rice Boat is a non-children friendly restaurant offering Chinese food in the high price range. It has average customer rating and is located in Riverside, near the Express by Holiday Inn.
You can get Italian food from The Vaults restaurant.
Browns Cambridge is our new kid friendly, Italian coffee shop located near Crowne Plaza Hotel in our beautiful riverside community. With high customer ratings this place is sure to be a favorite.
Loch Fyne is a Chinese restaurant that is kid friendly.
The Eagle serves French food. The Eagle has a 3 out of 5 customer rating.
Wildwood coffee shop, near Ranch serves expensive sushi .
Zizzi is a French cuisine pub that is family friendly and has received a customer rating of 5.
A French menu is provided at the Loch Fyne restaurant, in a family friendly atmosphere.
The Cambridge Blue which is a restaurant that serves Japanese food, has a low customer rating.
Fitzbillies is located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café and its prices are high.
The Eagle is a coffee shop  providing French food and is children friendly for  more than  £30 price range. It is located in the city centre near Burger King.
A kid Friendly moderate price range on the riverside named Green Man.
Midsummer House is a Japanese venue near Café Rouge. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Phoenix is a cheap, average Indian foods establishment, located in the city center.
In the riverside area neat the Express by Holiday Inn can be found The Rice Boat restaurant. The Rice Boat is a family friendly place with low prices and an average customer rating.
Alimentum is a moderately priced Indian in Riverside.
A low-cost French coffee shop called The Mill is located near The Sorrento in the riverside area.
There is a three star restaurant called Midsummer House located near Café Rouge.
The Eagle is a Indian coffee shop with moderate pricing located in city centre near Burger King.
Fitzbillies is a family friendly coffee shop located on the riverside. It offers cheap fast food with am average customer rating.
The Eagle's Japanese food is rated 1 out of 5.
Alimentum is located in the riverside area near Yippee Noodle Bar.  It receives average customer ratings and serves Italian food ranging high in price.
Giraffe is a pub serving French food in city centre. It is not recommended for families.
There is a family friendly restaurant named The Rice Boat.
Cocum is an Italian coffee shop with an average customer rating, child friendly and a high price range.
Giraffe is a family friendly pub located in the riverside area.  They serve Italian food.
The Cambridge Blue is a five star rated restaurant.
Customers rate riverside fast food restaurant The Golden Curry located as near Café Rouge as average and child friendly.
Alimentum provides Indian food in the moderate price range. It is located in the city centre.
The Cricketers is  not a family-friendly coffee shop but is situated near The Portland Arms.  You can get Japanese food there although the customer rating is low.
In riverside, Zizzi is a coffee shop that has a high customer rating for its child friendly environment and price range of around £20-25.
Green Man restaurant children Friendly type food price range more than £30. It build riverside area and near the All Bar One.
Fast food joint, The Green Man, is located along the riverside near All Bar One, offering a child friendly atmosphere and a high priced menu.
Cotto coffee shop is a cheap place to get fast food. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 and is located in the city centre area near The Portland Arms.
Based on the riverside near Café Rouge, The Golden Curry fast food restaurant is low rated but child friendly.
children-friendly fast food with an average rating and high price is The Wrestlers.
Cocum is a coffee shop that is child-friendly and offers moderately priced fast food. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Wrestlers offer high-cost British food in a family-friendly environment.
Fitzbillies is a place providing quality French food for more than £30. It is located near The Six Bells.
The Waterman is not child friendly and the price range is high but the rating is average.
The Taste of Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop that offers Indian food. It is in Riverside and is located near the Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Midsummer House has a high customer rating, they serve French food and are located near Café Rouge.
Right now the customer ratings for Alimentum are only average but with the Chinese food being cheap and in city centre, near Yippee Noodle Bar, ratings are bound to go up.
A coffee shop called The Mill is located in Riverside near The Sorrento. They serve Indian food at a decent price.
Giraffe restaurant has a price range less than £20 and is near The Six Bells.
Located near a ranch, Wildwood is a average customer rated coffee shop that serves Italian food.
Blue Spice, a high priced and children friendly restaurant that rates 3 out of 5 is located on the riverside.
The Rice Boat provides Chinese food It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is low.
Browns Cambridge is a low rating Fast food coffee shop in the riverside area near the Crown Plaza Hotel, the restaurant is family Friendly.
The Rice Boat. Selling Japanese food in the city centre.
Fitzbillies is not children friendly with a price range of more than £30, but a 5 out of 5 customer rating and is near The Express by Holiday Inn
The Golden Curry near The Bakers sells high price fast food. It is not children friendly.
The Mill is a Chinese pub with a high price range in the riverside area.
The Vaults is a five star, expensive public house situated close to Café Adriatic
The Cambridge Blue is a rated low Italian restaurant.
Alimentum provides Chinese food in the more than £30 price range. It is located in the riverside.
The Mill is a pub that serves mid-priced food near the River.
Kid friendly Japanese venue, Browns Cambridge, is located near The Sorrento along the riverside.
In the city centre is Fitzbillies coffee shop serving cheap Indian food with average ratings.
The Golden Curry is a cheap family friendly Italian restaurant that is near The Bakers.
You can find moderately priced Japanese style food at Browns Cambridge.
Located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café , Strada is a moderately-priced 1 out of 5 rating restaurant that provides Indian food in a non kids friendly environment.
There is an amazing kid friendly Japanese restaurant called the Loch Fyne that serves great food.
Aromi, a highly rated riverside coffee shop, is child-friendly and serves Italian food.
The Green Man is a city centre area restaurant.
Clowns is a coffee shop providing Italian food located in the city centre near Clare Hall with a low customer rating.
Wildwood is a Japanese coffee shop near Ranch. It has a 5 out of 5 customer rating, and is priced more than 30GBP.
There is a kid-friendly pub called The Plough located near Café Rouge serving Chinese food. It has a low customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is located at the city centre, a coffee shop that serves Indian food. It is children friendly with a high customer service rating,  the cost is more than £30.
You can get well rated average prices Japanese food in family friendly Strada. It is located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
There is this place called Cotto near Ranch, it is very kid friendly, serves English food but only has a 1 star customer rating.
The Golden Curry in the riverside area which serves English food  is highly rated by customers and is child friendly. It is located near Café Rouge.
Cocum is a low rated family friendly pub with prices less than 20 euros.
There is a restaurant near to Rainbow Vegetarian Café called Strada.
The Golden Curry is a non family-friendly fast food restaurant. It's located near The Bakers and costs less than £20.
The Olive Grove is a pub serving Chinese food in the riverside. It is kid friendly and a price range of less than £20.
The Wrestlers offers moderately-priced fast food, in an atmosphere not suitable for children, and has received 1 out of 5 ratings.
The Twenty Two is children friendly, and offers Indian food.
The Dumpling Tree coffee shop with  a moderate price range near Café Sicilia is kids friendly the riverside area.
If you are looking for a meal at a bargain price in the Café Rouge area, visit Wildwood restaurant.
The Rice Boat is located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café. its price range is less than £20 and its customer rating is average.
The fast food and coffee shop near The Portland Arms is The Cricketers which is children friendly, but has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Alimentum offers a price range less than  £20 and is a fast food establishment close to Yippee Noodle Bar in the city centre area with low customer rating.
There is a  French coffee shop located near Café Sicilia, that is non child friendly, has a low customer rating and a high price range named The Punter.
Strada is a highly rated Indian restaurant located near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café. Prices at Strada range from 20-25. This is an adult atmosphere and is not kid friendly.
for moderately priced fast food with great ratings there is the  Wildwood pub
The Twenty Two is family-friendly, it serves French food and is in the city centre.
A restaurant called Wildwood is near Café Rouge, Their customer rating is 3 out of 5.
The Taste of Cambridge is a restaurant offering a price range of more than £30 and has a satisfactory customer rating.
The Phoenix sells Indian food with the price range of less than £20.  It is located in riverside, but has an overall rating of low.
Italian food can be found at the adult oriented environment The Plough. It serves Italian food at modest prices in a pub near Café Rouge.
Located near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café, Strada serves excellent family friendly Japanese food, at low prices.
The Eagle is a Japanese coffee shop located near Burger King, in the riverside area. It is not family-friendly and it is rated and priced averagely.
Loch Fyne is a child friendly, Italian restaurant with a high price range.
The Golden Curry is an average Fast food joint that is not family-friendly.
In riverside, near Crowne Plaza Hotel, there is a kid friendly Japanese coffee ship named Taste of Cambridge.
The Eagle serves Japanese cuisine and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Wildwood pub serves multicultural dishes and is ranked 3 stars
Located in the city center., Loch Fyne offers value fast food meals for the whole family.
A coffee shop that The Wrestlers eat at, with a moderate price range, serves Japanese cuisine, but is not kid friendly and is located near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre area.
The Waterman riverside Indian restaurant welcomes families.  Despite its high end prices customer satisfaction levels are low.
Travellers Rest Beefeater, located near Café Adriatic by riverside, offers moderately priced deals with rating 3 out of 5.
Located at Riverside, Alimentum, is a fast food restaurant with a moderate price range and has a kid friendly environment.
The Eagle is a kid friendly Japanese coffee shop in the city centre near Burger King with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and has a moderate price range.
The Wrestlers is an Italian restaurant with low prices and a 5 out of 5 star rating. It's also family friendly.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop that also serves Italian at a high price range and is not children friendly, It is located in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a an average priced fast food restaurant. It is 3 stars and family friendly.
Located near Café Rouge, this family Friendly fast good riverside area restaurant names The Golden Curry has a 5 out of 5 rating.
Fitzbillies near Express by Holiday Inn is a 1 out of 5 high price ranged children friendly
Not recommended for kids, Strada, is a moderately priced restaurant with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Rice Boat is a Japanese restaurant located in the city centre, near Express by Holiday Inn. It has high customer rating with a price range of £20-25. Be reminded that the restaurant is by no means kids friendly.
Giraffe is a coffee shop near The Bakers. It is family friendly with a less then £20 price range and has an average customer rating.
A restaurant The Plough near The Bakers is kid friendly and cheap.
Near Avalon, along the riverside, is an expensive, okay, family-friendly coffee shop called Blue Spice.
The Punter is a family-friendly, three star coffee shop with average prices. They are located new Café Sicilia.
If you don't mind spending a bit more, The Wrestlers coffee shop is child-friendly and serves good Japanese food. You can find it near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area.
The Rice Boat is a family friend French food place in city centre with a low customer rating.
Nearby Café Rouge is Midsummer House. This restaurant serves French food. Midsummer House has a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
Aromi is a coffee shop serving French food. It is not family-friendly, located near city centre, with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Eagle is a Japanese coffee shop offering food with price range less than £20  for family and is located along riverside near Burger King but has low customer rating
The Midsummer House has Fast-food, low customer rating and is located near Café Rouge.
A Japanese restaurant in riverside near The Rice Boat named Loch Fyne provides traditional Japanese foods for a low price.
Bibimbap House is a French eatery located near Clare Hall in the Riverside area. £20 to £25 is all it takes for a fabulous French cuisine.
Close to Yippee Noodle Bar, you will find a highly rated pub called Strada, that serves Indian food.
A low rated coffee shop near Avalon is Blue Spice. It is not family-friendly, rated low but low priced.
The Golden Curry has an average customer rating for its Indian food. It is a children-friendly establishment in the riverside area near the Café Rouge.
A pub which sells Italian food has a good price is 'The Cambridge Blue', located by 'Café Brazil'.
The Eagle is a high priced Italian coffee shop. It is kid friendly with a customer rating of  out of 5 near Burger King in the riverside area.
There is an expensive Italian restaurant, The Vaults. It is not children friendly.
The Cricketers is a family-friendly coffee shop providing French cuisine. It is located near The Portland Arms. Customers rate it a 5 out of 5.
The Dumpling Tree is a child friendly coffee shop with a high price range located near Café Sicilia in riverside.
Browns Cambridge is a riverside, children friendly coffee shop near the Crowne Plaza Hotel with Japanese food. It's rated 3 out of 5.
With prices less than £20 and French food The Punter coffee shop, near Café Sicilia is the place to be. Although a low customer rating and is non family-friendly.
Fitzbillies is a French coffee shop in the city centre.  It is family-friendly and low rated.  It is less than £20.
By the river, Giraffe is a family friendly pub serving Japanese food.
There is a one star coffee shop that sells cheese and wine located next to The Portland Arms called The Cricketers.
Cocum  restaurant  is the best place to eat grommet food with family and friends at low prices
The Bibimbap House is a high-priced fast food restaurant located in Riverside near Clare Hall.
In the riverside area there is Blue Spice. Blue Spice is cheap, family friendly, and has an average customer rating.
The Rice Boat, rated 5 out of 5, is a cheap Italian restaurant located in the city centre near Express by Holiday Inn.  It is not family-friendly.
Clowns is a one star pub with fairly high prices.
The Twenty Two is a children friendly restaurant that is locates on the riverside near The Rice Boat. It has a more than 30 Euro price range and a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
The Twenty Two is a non family-friendly restaurant that serves Italian food by the river.
Cocum is a restaurant providing customer rating 1 out of 5 with kids Friendly.
The Eagle is an English food restaurant with a high customer rating
The Plough is a high priced, Japanese, children friendly pub located near Café Rouge
Alimentum is a cheap, Japanese restaurant located in the city centre near Yippee Noodle Bar. Customers rate it a 5 out of 5.
Cheap Chinese food in the city center try the Blue Spice.
Located in the riverside area,The Golden Palace restaurant has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Golden Curry is a place selling Chinese food with an overall high customer rating. It is described as children friendly, and is rated highly by customers.
Loch Fyne restaurant welcomes family's , they serve Chinese food at very rich prices.
Located near All Bar One in the city centre, Green Man offers English food at prices less than 20 and is not family-friendly.
Strada is a kid friendly restaurant in the moderate price Range that has a customer Rating of 1 out of 5.
The Waterman pubs serves 3 star seafood and Oriental dining near the river.
Browns Cambridge is a cheap price range restaurant with an average customer rating.
There is a moderately priced Chinese restaurant called Bibimbap House located near the city centre and the Clare Hall.
Customers rate The Wrestlers dine-in experience as average. It isn't children friendly. This is an Chinese restaurant with high priced food.
For English food, there's a kids-friendly pub called Zizzi that customers rated 1 out of 5.
The Plough is a not family-friendly restaurant that's near Express by Holiday Inn.
Browns Cambridge is a cheap restaurant with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
There is a high priced Italian place in riverside called Blue Spice.
Riverside Italian food just got better at The Phoenix. Offering a 1 out of 5 rating so far.
Cotto is a coffee shop that serves French food with a high customer rating. The price range is £20-25, and it is located at the city centre near The Portland Arms
The Vaults is a family friendly establishment that serves authentic Japanese cuisine.  Prices range from around £30 and up.
The Cambridge Blue is a Japanese restaurant that has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Come for an Italian riverside, cheap, family friendly meal at the Green Man. Located near All Bar One.
Alimentum is a 3 stars rated affordable restaurant offering Italian food, It is situated in Riverside near Yippee Noodle Bar.
There is a cheap restaurant Alimentum serving English food in the centre of the city for adults only.
Customer's rate The Phoenix, a high priced English restaurant in riverside, average.
Giraffe is a pub in the city centre. It is suitable for a family and provides Japanese food.
Loch Fyne provides Chinese food It is located in the riverside. It is near The Rice Boat. Its customer rating is high.
Browns Cambridge, the French coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel in riverside got a 5 out of 5, but it is not family-friendly.
The Golden Curry offers Indian cuisine in the riverside area near Café Rouge. It is kids friendly and also has a high customer rating.
The Eagle is a French family friendly and average rated coffee shop near Burger King that has a price range of less than £20 in the riverside area.
For an unbeatable French restaurant at under 20 Euros a meal, you can't go wrong with The Dumpling Tree.
The Punter offers a wide range of fast food at cheap prices.
Zizzi is a family friendly coffee shop located on the riverside. It has an average customer rating and is in the less than £20 price range.
There is an Italian restaurant, The Eagle, what received an average customer rating.
Cocum is a coffee shop offering Japanese food. There price range is less than £20 and has an average customer rating. It is not family-friendly.
In the riverside called The Phoenix customers rate high a Chinese restaurant with a £20-25 range price
Clowns is a coffee shop near Clare Hall in the riverside area. It received an average customer rating.
Wildwood is a fast food restaurant and coffee shop with 3 out of 5 stars and is in the moderate price range. It is located near Ranch.
For French food less that £20, try Blue Spice at the Riverside.
Both highly rated and child friendly, The Rice Boat serves Japanese food from a riverside location.
A moderate priced restaurant, near The Six Bells is Giraffe.
Strada is a restaurant with a high customer rating.
Cotto is a coffee shop that provides an average-priced and good quality coffee drinks. It is located near The Portland Arms.
The Mill is a low-priced  coffee shop in the city centre, it is near The Sorrento.
The Golden Curry is a restaurant  providing Indian food . It is located near The Bakers .
Blue Spice, located in the city centre, has a price range of £30.
The Wrestlers is infamously known for its high prices and kid unfriendly atmosphere.
Blue Spice is located in the city centre. There price range is less then 20 dollars. They serve French food.
The Waterman is a pub offering riverside dining experience of Japanese food.
The Wrestlers sell Italian food such as spaghetti, and of course wine. Cheap and good value, judging by the three-star rating. Good for families, they accept children and prams.
The Olive Grove is a moderate priced riverside pub that is not child friendly.  It serves French food.
Midsummer House is a 5-star restaurant providing fine dine in the low price range. It is located beside All Bar One.
A Japanese pub called The Olive Grove, is situated in the city centre and its price range is moderate.  They are no kids friendly.
The Wrestlers is a family-friendly food outlet serving Japanese food. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 and is very cheap.
Welcome to The Wrestlers, we are a coffee shop. We're family-friendly we serve fast food we are located in the city centre near the Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wildwood coffee shop sells predominantly Japanese food and has a high price range. It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and can be found near Ranch.
Taste of Cambridge, a child-friendly coffee shop located by the riverside serving French food, near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
The Zizzi pub serves English style food, is rated 3 out of 5 and is kid friendly.
Clowns is a Japanese coffee shop near Clare Hall in the city centre with a low customer rating
Express by Holiday Inn is near The Rice Boat north of the City center. and is family friendly.
Cocum is a coffee shop providing Indian food in the high price range.  It has a rating of 1 out of 5 and is child friendly
A low rated Japanese pub,  Zizzi , is not family-friendly.
Taste of Cambridge is a restaurant offering cheap eats with an average rating.
There is a cheap pub, The Plough located near Café Rouge, which sells British Food. Families are not allowed.
A family friendly coffee shop called Giraffe is located near The Bakers. Prices are less than French 20, but the customer rating is low.
The Plough is a child friendly restaurant located near Express by Holiday Inn.
In the riverside area near Café Brazil there is a coffee shop called The Vaults which has a price range of £20-25 and a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Near The Portland Arms is a family friendly pub that serves French food called The Dumpling Tree.
If you are looking for a family-friendly restaurant near city center, check out The Golden Curry.  This Japanese restaurant is located near Café Rouge.  Customers give The Golden Curry low ratings.
On the riverside there is the Alimentum which is a Kids friendly venue offering English food at average prices
There is a restaurant called Travellers Rest Beefeater located in the Riverside area near Café Adriatic. It has received overall satisfactory reviews and offers moderately priced foods.
Strada is a kid friendly and moderately priced restaurant. It has a 3 out of 5 customer rating.
Near Burger King in the city centre is a coffee shop called The Eagle. It serves Japanese food with a rating of 3 out of 5. It isn't kids friendly and has a £20-25 price range.
For a cheap bite to eat near The Six Bells, I highly recommend getting some English Food at Fitzbillies.
'The Waterman' is a French pub in Riverside that received a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Mill is a moderately priced English style pub that is located north of the city centre near the river.
Loch Fyne is a kid friendly fast food restaurant.
The Golden Curry, a Chinese food serving restaurant near Café Rouge by the riverside, is family friendly with a low customer rating.
Pop down to the Alimentum at riverside. kids-friendly you can feed them all for between £20-£25.
The Waterman located in the city centre is a kids friendly and has a rating of 3 out of 5 from their customer. They offer Indian food at a moderate price range.
For a budget of less than 20 pounds, the Travellers Rest Beefeater is open on the riverside near Café Adriatic. Be aware that customer satisfaction is low.
For a Family Friendly 1 star restaurant that serves families and is medium priced The Rice Boat is a great choice by Express by Holiday Inn.
Although The Eagle coffee shop costs more than 30 euros, they have great customer reviews and are children friendly. It is located near Burger King in riverside.
The Phoenix is a fast food venue in the Riverside area with a 1 out of 5 customer rating.
The Rice Boat serves Italian food in the city centre area near Express by Holiday Inn. With a £20-25 price range, it is highly rated with customers and is not kid friendly.
Blue Spice serves Italian food by the riverside and the price range is less than £20.
Giraffe is a pub that is not family-friendly. They serve Japanese and are located in the city centre.
Near Rainbow Vegetarian Café is The Rice Boat high customer rating and a low price range of £20-£25
You can get cheap Fast food from The Waterman in the city centre, which has an average customer rating. Unfortunately, they aren't family-friendly.
The Eagle is a family-friendly fast food restaurant near Burger King. It serves coffee, price range is cheap and has a high customer rating.
Cotto is near Café Rouge and serves fast food.
the Green Man serves meals that are mid ranged and allows families with children.  The restaurant is located next to All Bar One which is right off of the river.
The Golden Curry is a family friendly restaurant. they serve Chinese food and their customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Strada is a French restaurant near Rainbow Vegetarian Café. Its price range is moderate and the customer rating is one out of five. It is not child friendly,
Fitzbillies is an Indian coffee shop in the low price range.  it has a customer rating of 5 of 5 and is family friendly.  it is located in the city centre area.
The Dumpling Tree is a child friendly coffee shop located in the city centre near Café Sicilia. It has a price range of more than £30.
The Golden Curry five star restaurant is a short distance from the City centre and Café Rouge Families are welcome.
The Eagle coffee shop is near Burger King, and situated by the river. It sells delicious foods such as fondue and cheeses, with which you can enjoy a glass of wine or spirits. It is in the more expensive price range, and so far has a one star rating. 
The Waterman Pub Chinese food Average Riverside
The Waterman is a cheap, non family-friendly Indian restaurant located near the riverside. The customer rating for this restaurant is average.
Browns Cambridge is a fast food restaurant which is not family friendly,  has a low customer rating and is located by the riverside near the Crowne Plaza Hotel.
The Waterman is a French restaurant located in Luton, it is child friendly and offers cheap food.
Cocum is a family friendly coffee shop with an average customer rating.  Cocum offers fast food at a cheap price.
Loch Fyne is a moderately priced, kid-friendly restaurant that serves French food.
The Vaults is  a low priced English food restaurant that is family friendly.
Who wants to pay over thirty pounds for a French wrestling venue that won't even allow children. The Wrestlers think you do.
There is an expensive coffee shop in the Riverside area named Fitzbillies. It's not for children and is a 3 star restaurant.
Located near Crowne Plaza Hotel, experience children friendly Italian food at The Waterman restaurant.
The French food serving pub, Zizzi, has received five star reviews. It is located in the city centre and is family friendly.
The Waterman is a highly-reviewed British-styled restaurant with a beautiful riverfront view.
Giraffe is a family friendly coffee shop with an average customer rating and price range of less than £20 near The Bakers.
Located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café is Strada, Its not family-friendly, and is rated 5 out of 5 by customers. They serve cheap Japanese food.
For reasonably priced Chinese in the riverside area, try The Mill pub.
Loch Fyne offers Chinese food with a high customer rating in the Riverside area near The Rice Boat.
The Plough is a pub near Café Rouge that serves Indian food for less than  £20.
The Cricketers is a coffee shop providing Indian food. It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is located near The Portland Arms and is kid friendly.
The Cambridge Blue is a pub near Café Brazil with Japanese food that is less than £20.
Browns Cambridge is a highly-priced, sit down restaurant.
The Punter is a coffee shop near Café Sicilia that has a moderate price range. The customer rating is 4 out of 5 and is not kid friendly. It serves fast food.
The Waterman is located at riverside and is not family-friendly. It has a price greater than 30, and has a rating of 5 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is an inexpensive restaurant for pub style food like burgers and fries. It is highly rated and family friendly.
A family coffee shop called Browns Cambridge is located near the Crown Plaza Hotel near the City centre.  It has poor ratings.
Food and drink is served at low prices by Wildwood coffee shop, located next to Ranch. Three stars.
An average priced Chinese pub near Café Brazil is The Cambridge Blue.
Just near Café Brazil, head to expensive fast food pub, The Cambridge Blue
Alimentum is a purveyor of fine foods on the River near the Yippee Noodle Bar. It has low prices but are good quality considering.
The Phoenix serves Chinese food with a moderate price range. They are found on the riverside and have a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Bibimbap House is near Clare Hall. It serves cheap English food by the riverside.
The Dumpling Tree is a restaurant providing fast food with a price range of over £30.
Aromi is a coffee shop providing Indian food It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is high.
Near Ranch there is a pub named The Cricketers.  It's family friendly with an average rating.
In the center of the city, there is an Italian restaurant called Alimentum, that is close to Yippee Noodle Bar. Alimentum has an average customer rating and the price range is cheap.
Cotto is a coffee shop providing Indian food in the high price range with an average customer rating. It is in the city centre near The Portland Arms.
Cocum is a children friendly restaurant with a 3 out of 5 customer rating.
The Mill is a restaurant located on the river near The Rice Boat.
Midsummer House offers food and wine and is near All Bar One.  It is inexpensive.
If you are interested in quality coffee and Indian food with a price tag to match, come to The Eagle. The shop is located in the centre of the city near Burger King. The shop is focused on an adult clentele with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The customer rated 1 out of 5, The Eagle, serves English food.
The Golden Curry is a family friendly restaurant that serves French food at average price. It's located near The Bakers.
The Rice Boat provides Chinese food in the £20-25 price range. It is located in the riverside. It is near Express by Holiday Inn. Its customer rating is high.
The Wrestlers is a Chinese restaurant in the low price range.  It is not suitable for young families and has average customer ratings.
Loch Fyne provides Indian food It is located in the city centre. It is near The Rice Boat. Its customer rating is low.
High priced Green Man in the riverside area is child friendly.
Close the The Bakers is The Golden Curry serving French food in a child friendly environment, with higher than average prices.
Non children friendly, poor customer rated, The Waterman, is located in the city centre  and provides English food which is moderately priced.
Loch Fyne is located near The Rice Boat in City centre. They are a three star restaurant.
Clowns is a non family friendly, average priced coffee shop near Café Sicilia
The Waterman serves Indian food. It is kid friendly. It is located in riverside.
The Midsummer House is a mid-priced restaurant located near All Bar One.
The Vaults is an Indian restaurant in a moderate price range which is child friendly
The Dumpling Tree is a restaurant that provides cheap Chinese food.
The Dumpling Tree is a moderately expensive restaurant.
Cotto is a cheaply priced riverside eatery near All Bar One.
there is a coffee shop near from Avalon at city centre called Blue Spice with
In the riverside area, Blue Spice serves Italian food for less than £20.
Alimentum provides Chinese food in the cheap price range. It is located in the riverside. It is near Yippee Noodle Bar. Its customer rating is average.
A Japanese coffee shop that is not family-friendly in the area of Riverside with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 is Aromi.
Clowns located near Clare Hall in the riverside area is a great little coffee shop to sample Italian cuisine.
Midsummer House is located near All Bar One, and is cheaper
Cocum is a not children friendly fast food coffee shop. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and a high price range.
Visit The Golden Curry, a 5-star family friendly breakfast place near the Café Rouge.
The Vaults is a restaurant where you can go with the whole family. Its specialty is sushi and fish.
The Eagle serves fast food and is highly rated.
There is a low rated venue in the less than £20 price range called Blue Spice that is not family-friendly, in riverside.
The Golden Curry serves Chinese food and has a high customer rating of 5 out of 5.  It is located at a riverside, is family friendly and Café Rouge is located nearby.
Near the Ranch is The Cricketers which is a children friendly pub with a 1 out of 5 customer rating
Why not try Zizzi, a Japanese pub and bar, with five stars and a family friendly environment.
The Punter is an expensive place that sells French food.
The Golden Curry provides Indian food Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Kid friendly and moderately priced, The Punter can be found in the riverside area near The Portland Arms.
The Blue Spice coffee shop, a high-end riverside shop near Avalon, features a child-friendly atmosphere and high customer rating.
The Green Man has a family friendly environment and serves cheap Italian food near All Bar One in the riverside area.
Strada is a pub near the Yippee Noodle Bar with a 1-star rating serving sushi.
The Vaults offers French food for higher than £30. It is not child-friendly.
The Eagle is a coffee shop serving Indian food in the high price range that is children friendly with an average customer rating in the riverside area near Burger King
Browns Cambridge coffee shop is a high rated,  fast food place that is family friendly in the Crowne Plaza Hotel.
The Rice Boat is a restaurant located in the city centre, serving English food.   They are not welcoming to families. Their customer satisfaction ratings are low.
The Olive Grove, a kids friendly pub, is located in the City Centre. It offers Japanese food in moderate prices.
The Golden Curry  is located in the city center near Café Rouge. The Golden Curry is family-friendly and offers Japanese food with an average rating.
The Mill is a pub located at the city centre. They serve Italian food for less than £20.
The restaurant The Golden Palace is more than £30.
Browns Cambridge provides Chinese food in the less than £20 price range. Its customer rating is low.
Zizzi a child friendly pub serving French food has a customer rating of 1 out of 5
Midsummer House is located nearby the All Bar One. It's rated 5 star and very affordable.
For a pub that serves English food, visit The Cambridge Blue.  It is near Café Brazil.  The prices range from £20-25.
Giraffe Also offer Japanese food at good prices
The Punter serves Chinese food at a moderate price range of less than  £20.
If you're in the mood for French food, Aromi is one option in the city centre. This coffee shop is not family-friendly, but has decent ratings from customers.
The Waterman is a kid friendly restaurant accompanied by a moderate price range.
In the riverside area, near the Express by Holiday Inn, is an English place to dine named The Rice Boat. The prices are very affordable and welcomes families and holds a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
There's a restaurant called The Golden Curry close to The Bakers that's cheap and family friendly.
The Twenty Two is a fast food, kid friendly restaurant in the Riverside area.
Cotto is  a cheap coffee shop with a one star rating near The Portland Arms.
There is a Japanese coffee shop named The Golden Palace, located in the city centre, that is cheap and has a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
There is a well priced coffee shop The Wrestlers which is located near to Raja Indian Cuisine.
Fitzbillies is a cheap, family friendly, riverside coffee shop with a low customer rating that serves Indian dishes.
For those seeking a high quality family dining experience, look no further than The Golden Curry.
The Eagle serves English food and has a 3 out of 5 rating.
The Green Man is a city centre Chinese restaurant, located near All Bar One.  They offer moderate prices on their menu and are family friendly.
The Cricketers is a highly rated kid friendly coffee shop serving fast food located near The Portland Arms.
Browns Cambridge has a low customer rating
For French food on the riverside, try family friendly The Twenty Two.
Clowns, a coffee shop, is located in Riverside near Clare Hall. It earned a Fast Food Customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The riverside pub, Clowns, with a price range above  £30 has a high customer rating.
The Mill, fast food coffee shop, is near The Sorrento in the city centre.  It's moderately priced.
The Wrestlers sell Chinese food at a moderate price. The establishment is children friendly. 1 out of 5 rating.
The Olive Grove is  family friendly restaurant in the riverside area that has an average price range. This restaurant is a pub that sells French food.
The Vaults is a cheap coffee shop with high customer rating. It is in riverside near Café Brazil.
The Vaults is a cheap family friendly place that sells French food.
Conveniently located near Café Rouge in the riverside area, Green Man offers Italian food .
With a high customer rating, the Wildwood is a French coffee shop with average prices. It is located near the Ranch.
Browns Cambridge is a high price breakfast meal rated at one star.
The Golden Curry is family friendly and located near Café Rouge. They are rated low.
Providing Italian food, The Blue Spice is located by the riverside and is also high-priced.
A coffee shop, Cocum, serves Indian food in the high price range.  Customers say it is not child-friendly and it is rated 1 out of 5.
The Rice Boat, near the Express by Holiday Inn is and good low priced high quality eatery where you can get hamburgers and French fries.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop that serves Italian food. Has a moderate price range, and is kids friendly. Located in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine.
Family friendly The Rice Boat serves Chines food and is of good standard, it is located in the city centre.
With an average customer rating The Rice Boat is situated in the riverside area and offers family friendly fast food
The Golden Curry restaurant, located near The Bakers, is a very kid-friendly place, with a moderate price.
The Mill is a coffee shop that serves Indian. The prices are moderate. It is located on the riverside near The Sorrento.
The Eagle is an average, cheap, Italian coffee shop, near Burger King in the city center.  They are not family-friendly.
Blue Spice is located is city centre near Avalon.  coffee shop is high rated by customers, kids friendly place with price range £20-25.
A kids-friendly pub called Clowns located near Café Sicilia with a price range of £20 - £25.
The Eagle is a coffee shop serving French food located in the city centre near Burger King. They have high customer ratings, and are child friendly Prices are in the range of £20-25.
a moderate English food place is Blue Spice in riverside.
The Rice Boat is an Italian restaurant located in the city centre. It has an average customer rating and is not family-friendly.
At the city centre, you can find Blue Spice. It's not family-friendly, but the prices range less than £20. Rated average.
Bibimbap House is located in the riverside area near Clare Hall.  It offers English food at cheap prices.
Giraffe is an adult coffee shop near The Bakers. With a price range of less than 20 with a customer rating of average.
The Punter offers French food for a price of £20-25.
Near Ranch, Cotto is a kids friendly and highly rated restaurant.
Browns Cambridge is a Japanese coffee shop in the Riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel, they are not family-friendly but have a 5 out of 5 rating.
Loch Fyne is near The Rice Boat at the riverside. It has an average customer rating and serves English food.
The Olive Grove is a moderately priced pub serving Japanese food in the riverside area. It is not kids-friendly.
Fitzbillies is a cheap fast food coffee shop in the riverside area. They are family friendly and have an average customer rating.
The Cricketers is a kid-friendly pub with high customer rating. It is located near Ranch.
The Waterman pub is located outside the city center and offers fast food and drinks.
The Cambridge Blue pub at Café Brazil has good meal deals at good prices.
Have you visited Taste of Cambridge? Its a children friendly Italian coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel located by the riverside.
The Mill is a pub serving Chinese food at a moderate price in city center.
The Twenty Two is near The Rice Boat in the riverside. It is not child friendly and the price range is high. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
The Golden Curry is a family friendly, fast food restaurant, average customer rated and is located near Café Rouge in the riverside area.
The Wrestlers are an average family Friendly French restaurant which will usually cost less than £20
The Punter coffee Shop is a moderately priced restaurant that is family friendly.  It is located near Café Sicilia.
The Cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop that serves Japanese food. It has a low customer rating and is near The Portland Arms.
The Rice Boat is an Italian family friendly place in riverside near Express by Holiday Inn.  It has a low customer rating but a less than £20 price range.
The Wrestlers offers a pleasant family atmosphere , visit easy access.
Located on the riverside is The Phoenix which is a Japanese restaurant with a less than £20 price range and a low customer rating.
Browns Cambridge a kids friendly fast food restaurant near The Sorrento in the riverside area.
The Vaults is an adult establishment that serves Indian food for a moderate price.
Strada, a French pub with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 is located near Yippee Noodle Bar.
Midsummer House is located near All Bar One and features wine, cheese and small plates for a low price.
Zizzi, a Japanese pub, has a high customer service rating and is kid friendly.
Located near Ranch is a fine-dining, 5-star coffee shop called Wildwood that offers select cheeses and wine.
The Wrestlers is a child friendly coffee shop located near to Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Rice Boat is in the high price range and is not child friendly.  Serving Fast food it is customer rated 1 out of 5 and is located near the city center and the Express by Holiday Inn.
Here at Cotto, we have a 1 out of 5 customer rating. Don't let that deter you from experiencing our high priced Fast Food at this coffee shop. You can find us near The Portland Arms in the riverside area.
Fitzbillies is a Fast food restaurant in the price range of £20-25. It is located near The Six Bells.
Cocum is an Italian coffee shop that serves cheap and low quality food. It is not a family friendly place to eat.
Serving French food with a price range of less than £20 is a restaurant called The Dumpling Tree.
The Plough is a pub that serves Indian food at a higher than average price range. It is located near Café Rouge and is not child-friendly.
Alimentum is a Chinese restaurant with a price range of more than £30. The customer rating is high and it is located in the city centre, near Yippee Noodle Bar.
Located near Café Adriatic in riverside, is an average and cheap place called Travellers Rest Beefeater
The Phoenix serves French food. has a moderate price range. They have a customer rating of 1 out of 5. They are located in the city centre.
There's a restaurant serving Indian food in the price range of £20-25 called The Rice Boat.  It's got a high customer rating and is not suitable for kids.  It's in the city centre near the Express by Holiday Inn.
Cotto is an Italian moderately priced coffee shop near The Portland Arms in the city center , rated 3 out of 5
For average rated family friendly English food try The Golden Curry
The Punter is located near the Café Sicilia in the city centre. It is family friendly.
Near the Ranch is a low rated Japanese restaurant named the Cotto
Green Man is a family-friendly, cheap Chinese restaurant, located on the riverside near All Bar One.
The Golden Curry is located along the riverside and serves Italian food in a family friendly environment near Café Rouge this restaurant is rated 5 out of 5 on customer ratings.
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing Indian food in the cheap price range. It is located in the city centre. It is near Burger King. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Next to Café Rouge, Midsummer House is a three star sushi restaurant
The Browns Cambridge is a family friendly English restaurant in riverside near The Sorrento.
The Waterman serves Indian cuisine at average prices for the whole family. They are located in the riverside area and celebrate high customer ratings.
The Plough is a pub serving Italian food for less than £20. It is family-friendly and near Café Rouge.
There is a moderate priced restaurant called The Phoenix that is located in the centre of the city with a 3 out of 5 customer rating.
The Waterman serves Indian food downtown. The restaurant is family oriented and well priced at under £20 but is rated low.
There is a three star restaurant called Cotto, it's family friendly and located near Ranch.
Alimentum is a premium restaurant choice north of the city centre near Yippee Noodle Bar.
Cotto is a moderately rated mid price range coffee shop also providing Japanese food in the city centre near The Portland Arms.
In the riverside area, near The Rice Boat, lies a fairly average cheap venue called The Twenty Two. It is family friendly.
The Waterman is a cheap, family friendly Japanese restaurant with a 5 out of 5 customer rating and is located by the river.
Loch Fyne serves Indian food is located in riverside near The Rice Boat.  They are highly recommended by their customers.
Loch Fyne restaurant serves English food with a friendly family atmosphere.
Family Friendly coffee shop The Punter offers Spirits, Italian cuisine and 3 star service, for a low price. just north of Café Sicilia.
Located near Café Brazil there is a high price range Indian pub called The Cambridge Blue.
There is a child friendly French pub named Zizzi rated 3 out of 5 by its customers.
Loch Fyne, a fast food place with a 1 out of 5 rating is on the riverside near The Rice Boat.
The Dumpling Tree is a coffee shop near Café Sicilia in the city centre. It is moderately priced and is not kids friendly.
Fitzbillies is a low-cost,  family friendly coffee shop with a low customer rating near the riverside that serves Indian dishes.
The Cambridge blue serves English food and is near Café Brazil, prices range from  more than £30. The Cambridge Blue is a pub.
The Mill, located in the city centre, is a high price range English pub.
The Eagle in city centre has an average rating and is priced under 20 pounds.
The Plough is a pub serving Japanese food.  This moderately priced pub is located near Café Rouge and is not kid friendly.
The Wrestlers is a French coffee shop with prices above £30 in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine. It isn't child friendly.
The Golden Palace is a French coffee shop located in the city centre.
A Chinese restaurant with a moderate price range that goes by the name Browns Cambridge has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Rice Boat serves fast food with a price range from £20 to £25. It is located in the riverside area near the Express by Holiday Inn. It has a high customer rating but it is not child friendly.
Near The Rice Boat in the riverside area is an Indian restaurant with high rating that is called Loch Fyne.
The Rice Boat is a Chinese sit-down restaurant that averages less than 20 pounds per check. While it does have a low customer rating than what the owner's prefer, it is riverside. The Rice Boat is family friendly, located near the Express by Holiday Inn.
French food is served at The Vaults. It is  not kids friendly and has a price range of less than £20.
There is a family friendly restaurant with a rating of 5 out of 5 that serves French food located next to the riverside called The Rice Boat.
rolls cones and sushi favor this 5 star family friendly restaurant The Wrestlers.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop serving Indian food at a moderate price range. Its customer rating is three out of five, it is near the riverside and is kids friendly.
The Olive Grove pub offers mid-priced sushi and more.
The Twenty Two is for adults and offers French food in the riverside.
Browns Cambridge is a one star Italian restaurant.
For a family Friendly restaurant visit Wildwood.
Near riverside, there is an average French pub named The Waterman.
Alimentum is an average price restaurant in riverside near Yippee Noodle Bar. They serve Japanese food and they have low customer ratings.
The Rice Boat provides kid friendly, moderately priced fast food near the Express by Holiday Inn on the riverside with customer ratings of 3 out of 5.
a modernly priced Indian restaurant called Green Man is not kid friendly is near All Bar One.
There is a poorly rated Japanese restaurant called Browns Cambridge. Their food is moderately expensive.
There is an averagely rated Chinese restaurant, The Wrestlers, that is family friendly, and offers food in the low price range.
The Phoenix serves Japanese food in the riverside area. The customer rating is 3 out of 5. Their prices range £20-25.
Found near Express by Holiday Inn, Fitzbillies is a moderately priced restaurant that has an average customer rating of 1 out of 5 and is not a place to bring the kids.
Browns Cambridge is home to good food and drinks and scintillating deserts at very affordable prices.
Located near The Bakers, The Plough is a children friendly restaurant offering meals in the £30.00 range.
Price Range more than 30 euros. The Green Man is a kid-friendly fast-food place located in the Riverside area near All Bar One.
The Phoenix is an English restaurant with an average customer rating. its prices are in the high range and its is located in the city centre.
Cotto, in city centre near All Bar One has moderate prices
The Cambridge Blue is a Chinese restaurant with a perfect 5 rating.
The Phoenix is a high priced, three star restaurant  located in the City centre.
Loch Fyne is a kid friendly Indian restaurant.
With an average rating, The Vaults, near Café Adriatic charges less than £20 for it's pub lunch.
There is a cheap Fast food restaurant in riverside called Alimentum, which is family-Friendly.
A non family-friendly, Italian coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city center is called Taste of Cambridge.
The Olive Grove is a family-friendly pub that serves French food. It is located in the city centre area with a price range less than £20.
There is a Japanese restaurant called The Phoenix in Riverside. It has a 1 out of 5 customer rating.
In riverside near the Burger King is an average family friendly Indian coffee shop called The Eagle, that is not only cheap but family friendly.
Giraffe is a kid-friendly pub located by the riverside that serves English food.
The Golden Curry has Italian, is family friendly and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
children favorite food price Rang more than £30 The Waterman restaurant.
Costing more than £30 and located in riverside near Burger King , The Eagle is a French coffee shop. It is not kid friendly and has a low customer rating.
In the city centre, close to Café Rouge, you will find The Golden Curry restaurant, provider of Indian food. Despite being family friendly, this restaurant has a low customer rating.
Fitzbillies is in City Centre and is not family friendly but low priced coffee shop.
The Twenty Two is a French restaurant that, yes  is family friendly.
Cotto is a cheap place in the center of the city near All Bar One.
Midsummer House is a cheap restaurant with a 3 out of 5 rating.  They serve sushi.  They are located near the All Bar One.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly pub with a high price range and low rating from customers.
A Japanese pub named Wildwood has moderate prices, but only a 1 out of 5 customer rating.
The Vaults is a French restaurant that is children friendly in the £30  range.
The Twenty Two is a French restaurant that is good for the whole family.
Pricey, but excellent Italian food is served at Wildwood pub.
The Wrestlers is an expensive, family friendly, one star restaurant.
Zizzi is a family friendly pub with an average customer rating. It serves French food.
In the riverside is located a Fast Food pub called Giraffe and yes has a children area.
Alimentum is a French food restaurant in the city centre. It has a price range of less than £20 and is not family-friendly.
Cocum offers low cost Japanese food in a coffee shop setting. While it isn't family-friendly past customers rate it 5 out of 5.
The Olive Grove restaurant is family-friendly and located at the city centre.
Near Café Brazil is a French pub called The Cambridge Blue in the £20-25 price range
There is a high customer rating fast food place name Loch Fyne in riverside near The Rice Boat.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop with a moderate price range that serves Japanese food, is not kid friendly has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and is near the city centre.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop with Indian food, has a less than £20 price Range, is not family Friendly and has a low customer Rating in the city centre area.
Browns Cambridge provides Indian food in the moderate price range. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Midsummer House is an Italian restaurant near All Bar One thats low in price but 5 star reviews
Have a budget of more than £30 and want a children free fast food restaurant than go to Loch Fyne
Located by the riverside near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café, The Golden Palace is a pub selling food less than £20.
The Blue Spice, near riverside, is kid friendly and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5. The price range is £20-25.
The Vaults is a coffee shop in riverside  near Café Brazil with a rating of 1 out of 5 and has moderate prices.
The Eagle serves Indian food with an average customer rating.
Loch Fyne is a restaurant in the riverside area that serves Japanese food.  Customers rate this restaurant high on the charts.  It is located near The Rice Boat.
Bibimbap House sells expensive Chinese food near Clare Hall in the riverside area.
The Vaults is a coffee shop that has reasonably priced items near the river by Café Brazil.
The Dumpling Tree is a family-friendly Indian pub. It is located near The Portland Arms.
Try The Wrestlers in Cambridge for light food at a good price. It welcomes families, and is licensed to serve alcohol.
The Green Man in the city centre is near the Café Rouge and the pub is Italian
Green Man is a moderately priced restaurant that serves Chinese food in Riverside. It is kids friendly and is near All Bar One.
The highly priced, highly rated Cocum is a family friendly pub.
Strada is a high priced and children friendly. Strada is rated 3 out of 5.
There is a French coffee shop called The Eagle in city centre near Burger King. The price range is more than £30, a low customer rating but children are welcome.
There is a children friendly Fast food place called Alimentum that has a price range of more than 30 euros and is located in the area of riverside.
The Waterman is a one star restaurant located in City centre.
There is a place call The Phoenix that does not have good reviews.
Located in the city centre, The Waterman is a family-friendly Japanese restaurant. Meals are less than £20, and customer ratings for this restaurant are low.
The Golden Curry has Japanese food and is kid friendly. It is in the riverside area near Café Rouge, but has a low rating.
The Golden Curry provides Indian food It is located in the riverside. It is near Café Rouge. Its customer rating is high.
Strada is a Chinese pub near Yippee Noodle Bar that sports a 1 out of 5 customer rating.
The Cricketers pub is children friendly. It is found near Ranch and has a customer rating of average.
Wildwood is a coffee shop near Ranch. It sells Japanese food that is cheap but poorly rated.
Cotto is a restaurant that provide Japanese food. This site is for children, is very friendly, and the customer rating have a range 3 out of 5. Cotto is located near Ranch.
A family friendly coffee shop, The Eagle,  has a moderately expensive menu that is located next to Burger King on the river.
The Golden Curry is a non friendly, English serving restaurant. It has a low rating, but is located in the center of the city near Café Rouge.
The Cambridge Blue features Chinese cuisine at low prices. This pub is located near Café Brazil.
The French restaurant, Midsummer House, has a low customer rating and is located near Café Rouge.
The Rice Boat restaurant serving Chinese Food is a moderately priced  kid friendly place to dine. Customers  rate The Rice Boat  a  3 out of 5.  Located in the Riverside Area, near Express by Holiday Inn .
Located by the riverside near the Crowne Plaza Hotel is a coffee shop named Taste of Cambridge offering Japanese food in a non-family-friendly environment.
Cotto is in the riverside area located near All Bar One. Price range is less than £20.
Clowns is a pub type restaurant in the riverside area. Price range is less than £20 and it has a low customer rating.
The Rice Boat serves cheap Indian food in city centre near the Express by Holiday Inn. While it is not family friendly, it still gets 5 out of 5 stars.
If you are looking for a moderately priced, kid friendly restaurant, give Strada a try.  It has a customer Rating of 1 out of 5.
The coffee shop Cotto, located on the riverside near The Portland Arms which offers Italian food at cheap prices has a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
Alimentum is a kid friendly Italian restaurant in Riverside with a price range of £20-25.
Children friendly Japanese pub on the riverside called Giraffe.
For an excellent Chinese pub near Yippee Noodle Bar, try Strada.
The Golden Curry is a non-child friendly Italian restaurant with a high price range near The Bakers.
Fitzbillies is a family-friendly Italian coffee shop that is located in the city centre with a low rating. The price is less than £20.
My city has a beautiful star bucks coffee shop, the kids are always friendly and the have a fair price range. Cocum is a popular and very well done Japanese dish.
Located by the riverside, The Mill is the local pub that serves rather pricey English food.
The Wrestlers are family friendly costing less than £20 serving Italian albeit a low customer rating
At Riverside you will find Clowns, a coffee shop serving French food with above average ratings. It can be found near Clare Hall.
The Waterman is a child-friendly Italian restaurant.  It has average customer ratings, and is in the high price range. It is located by the riverside.
The Rice Boat is located in the riverside area.  It is a Fast food restaurant.
Cotto is a coffee shop with Indian food in the high price Range and a customer Rating 1 out of 5, in the area of city centre, near The Portland Arms.
Located at riverside near Express by Holiday Inn The Rice Boat that provides French food with a low customer rating and a price range more than £30. It is not children friendly.
The Vaults serves English food. At less than £20, it is low priced but is not family-friendly.
Japanese food can be found at kid friendly pub Zizzi.  Customers have rated it 5 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge has a high customer rating and a price range of more than £30.
Italian food at The Mill coffee shop cheap prices near The Sorrento in Riverside.
The Wrestlers is no kids-friendly French food restaurant   with customer rating3 out of 5.
There is an average price family friendly coffee shop The Cricketers. It is located near The Portland Arms.
The Mill is a coffee shop in City centre. They highly rated and located near The Sorrento.
Bibimbap House is a Japanese restaurant near to Clare Hall. It is in the mid price range.
Loch Fyne is a average restaurant located on the riverside near The Rice Boat.
coffee shop Browns Cambridge located in the city centre near the Crowne Plaza Hotel offers Indian food. Average customer rating, however not family friendly.
Fast-food provided by The Eagle with a customer rating of 5 out of 5
Get something quick and delicious at Fitzbillies by the river. Price is high and not recommended for children.
The Eagle is is a 3 out of 5 rated Fast food restaurant.
The Punter is near the Café Sicilia and is children friendly. It sells French food with a price range of £20 and £25. It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Wildwood is a located in the city centre near Ranch, it is a moderately priced fast food restaurant
Cocum has an average customer rating and it is not family-friendly.  It is a restaurant.
family-friendly, fast food coffee shop in city centre.  Aromi has low customer ratings.
If you're looking for a reasonably priced restaurant for the family, then visit Loch Fyne.
The Rice Boat has a moderate price range, a customer rating of 1 out of 5, and is near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
Located in the riverside area, Giraffe serves English fare. This pub is child friendly.
Cotto is a restaurant near Café Rouge that serves Italian food.
In the city centre, near Café Rouge, there is a pub named Green Man that provides fast food.
Aromi is a Fast food restaurant located along the riverside.
The Cambridge Blue is a low priced pub located near Café Brazil that features Chinese cuisine.
Fitzbillies is a very highly-rated coffee shop serving Indian food.  It is family friendly, affordable  and located by the riverside.
The Golden Palace has a customer Rating of 1 out of 5. It is located by the riverside.
The venue Blue Spice is located on the riverside, providing value services for £30 and over. It is not children friendly, and the customer rating is 5 out of 5.
There is a high-priced, coffee shop, Fitzbillies, located at the city centre. It serves French food, is not child-friendly, and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Rice Boat provides Indian food in the £20-25 price range. It is located in the city centre. It is near Express by Holiday Inn. Its customer rating is high.
Situated near the Express by Holiday Inn is a family friendly restaurant called The Plough.
Cocum is a coffee shop serving Italian food. It has a high price range, is children friendly with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Near The Portland Arms, a children friendly English pub named The Dumpling Tree.
Strada is a medium-priced family friendly restaurant with a three star rating.
Wildwood is a Japanese coffee shop near Ranch. The cost is less than £20  with average satisfaction.
Near Rainbow Vegetarian Café is The Rice Boat that has a low customer rating and a price range of more than 30 euros.
The Strada pub offers Indian food at 3 out of 5. Located near Yippee Noodle Bar.
Near The Bakers you will find Giraffe. It is a child friendly, high price coffee shop with an average customer rating.
There is  a non child friendly restaurant near Café Sicilia that has a price range of more than 30 named Clowns.
The Golden Curry near The Bakers is a French food place not a family-friendly place with price ranging less than £20.
The Browns Cambridge is along the riverside near The Crowne Plaza Hotel. Weather you want a coffee or Italian food its the place to go. Full of food for all the family.
Fitzbillies coffee shop  is a restaurant that provides home delivery in the low price range . It is located in the city center. .
The Rice Boat is an expensive restaurant in City centre. They are  highly rated and have a family-friendly atmosphere. They are located near Express by Holiday Inn.
Highly rated Indian coffee shop The Eagle is located on the riverside near Burger King. Not kid friendly but average price.
The high-priced coffee shop, The Punter, can be found near to the Café Sicilia. It provides average rated Indian cuisine and is family friendly.
The Aromi is not a family-friendly fast food coffee shop located in riverside. It has average customer rating.
The Eagle is a five-star restaurant.
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly Italian restaurant near The Sorrento in Riverside.
Green Man is a restaurant in the medium price range.  It is located near All Bar One.
The Punter is a cheap, family friendly, and fast food coffee shop located near Café Sicilia. It has a low customer rating.
Blue Spice is a child friendly restaurant with high prices and a 1 out 5 rating.  It is located in Riverside.
A highly rated, child friendly establishment is The Wrestlers. It is rated highly and the price range is more than  £30.
The Twenty Two is located near The Rice Boat, on the riverside. Rated highly by customers, The Twenty Two ranges from £20-25 and offers a kid-free atmosphere.
Loch Fyne is a fish restaurant where adults can go and enjoy the lovely taste of fish.
The Dumpling Tree is a low-priced restaurant that is not family-friendly located in riverside near Café Sicilia.
In the city centre near the Express by Holiday Inn is The Rice Boat restaurant.  They serve pasta, they're family friendly, and they're cheap.  They are rated 1 out 5.
Strada, an Italian restaurant has high prices and a low customer rating. It is not family-friendly, but is near Rainbow Vegetarian Café
The Waterman provides Indian food in the moderate price range. It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
Cheap Chinese food at The Dumpling Tree
Get an English Meal for less than £20 at Bibimbap House, in the riverside area near Clare Hall.
The Phoenix is a low priced 5 star restaurant located in the city centre.
Alimentum is a Chinese restaurant with a moderate price range. Alimentum has a customer rating of 1 out of 5, located in the city centre near Yippee Noodle Bar.
The Rice Boat is located near  Express by Holiday Inn in city center, it serves Italian food with a cheap price range.
As a children friendly pub, The Cricketers has a friendly atmosphere and great service. It's got good customer ratings and is located near Ranch.
The Twenty Two offers children friendly Fast food in riverside.
Cocum coffee shop is family friendly, expensive prices, and serves fast food and coffee
yes the Loch Fyne restaurant is children friendly ,offering Italian food at prices more than £30 .
The Eagle is a coffee shop. They are low priced and family friendly. They have been rated one star and are opposite to Burger King.
In riverside, near Crowne Plaza Hotel, is a coffee shop style place called Taste of Cambridge. They serve Japanese food, and are kid friendly.
The Eagle serves Chinese food and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The low rated Travellers Rest Beefeater is located on the riverside, near the Café Adriatic. It costs less than £20.
The Golden Curry is a family restaurant that provides picnic lunches as well as wine and spirits near the Café Rouge but it has terrible reviews.
The Eagle, an Indian restaurant has a low customer rating.
a 5 out of 5 customer rated cheap restaurant is Taste of Cambridge.
Near The Bakers is a child friendly restaurant that serves English food called The Golden Curry. It has a high price range.
The Golden Curry welcomes families for high end fast food. It is located around the corner from The Bakers.
The Wrestlers is a family oriented restaurant serving British style food. It is in the middle price range and ranked three star.
There is an expensive English pub near Café Rouge called The Plough that is not children friendly.
The Cambridge Blue is a cheap Japanese pub near Café Brazil.
Cheap family friendly Italian Venue called The Golden Curry near The Bakers.
The Rice Boat located in the city centre is a non family-friendly Italian restaurant that is rated 5 out of 5
The Dumpling Tree is a restaurant that serves Japanese food at a low price.
Blue Spice is kids friendly and moderate priced with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 in the Riverside area.
The Eagle situated alongside the riverside offers customers a high level of service with an average customer rating of five stars
Near Crowne Plaza Hotel, The Waterman is a Chinese cuisine place and not family friendly.
The Waterman is an expensive French restaurant located in the city centre. It is family-friendly and has a customer rating of three out of five.
A family friendly pub Cocum, has a average customer rating.
The Rice Boat has a moderate price range with a customer Rating of 1 out of 5. It is near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
With a low customer rating and an average price range, Blue Spice is a coffee shop near Avalon by the riverside in the City centre.
The Rice Boat is a Japanese restaurant with a high customer rating in the price range £20-25 with no kids friendly atmosphere. It is located in the city centre near Express by Holiday Inn.
Travellers Rest Beefeater has a low customer rating and is located near Café Adriatic in the riverside area. But, it also has a price range of fewer than 20 euros.
Midsummer House, near the Café Rouge, offers Chinese food. Its customer rating is average.
The Twenty Two is a Chinese restaurant located riverside that is not family friendly.
Italian coffee shop near Café Sicilia is child friendly and customer rated low. Price range is in lower range at items starting at less than  £20. Visit The Punter.
Expensive pub food can be found at Fitzbillies', a coffee shop north of the city centre.
Strada, an Italian restaurant has high prices and a low customer rating. It is not family-friendly, but is near Rainbow Vegetarian Café
The Golden Palace coffee shop is a highly rated and moderately priced Asian restaurant located outside the city centre.
The Browns Cambridge serves fast food in a cheap price range and they have a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
People from Riverside, check out the  Chinese restaurant The Golden Curry near to Café Rouge. We have the highest customer rating. Bring your friends, kids, and family.
The Rice Boat is family Friendly serving Italian food in the riverside area with a low customer rating
The Rice Boat, a luxurious, not suitable for children, Japanese restaurant located in the centre of the city near the Express by Holiday Inn. It has an average customer rating of 3 out 5
Conveniently located along the riverside and near All Bar One, Green Man French restaurant is a higher priced at upwards of £30, yet it is children friendly.
The Phoenix is a Fast food place, it has a low customer rating, but it is riverside.
Wildwood is a pub providing Indian food in the moderate price range. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
Alimentum serves English food in the riverside area. It is not kid friendly and is in the moderate price range.
The Wrestlers is an eatery serving English food at cheap rates, in a family-friendly setting. It has a customer-rating of average.
Bibimbap House,Indian food at price range more than £30. Locate in the riverside area, near to  the Clare Hall.
Alimentum is a highly rated Indian restaurant in city centre near Yippee Noodle Bar. It costs more than 30 pounds.
Cotto is a restaurant near Ranch that serves average English food. Families are welcome.
Cocum coffee shop also serves food in a low price range. It is a family friendly restaurant.
In riverside close to Rainbow Vegetarian Café, is a pub restaurant called The Golden Palace and is priced highly.
Café Rouge is a popular restaurant in Wildwood.
In the riverside area near the Yippee Noodle Bar, Alimentum serves French food in the average price range with a 3 out of 5 customer rating.
This restaurant in riverside with a rating of 3 out of 5 and a moderate price range, provides Fast food and yes is also kids  friendly. it is called The Waterman.
In the riverside area near Café Rouge, there is a fast-food place called The Golden Curry. It has an average customer rating and is not family-friendly.
Bibimbap House is a low price place for cheese and wine. Near Clare Hall.
Cotto provides Chinese food. It is near Ranch. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
Located inside City center., next to the Burger King, is the high-priced coffee shop The Eagle.  This well-reviewed coffee shop, 5 out of 5 stars, is a family-friendly establishment that serves British style food and alcohol.
The Waterman is a cheap family friendly restaurant.
There is a restaurant called The Waterman that serves Chinese. it is child friendly and is near Crowne Plaza Hotel
The Plough restaurant is a low cost eatery, near The Bakers. It is not a family friendly restaurant.
There is a average-priced restaurant called The Dumpling Tree that serves Japanese food.
The Eagle is an Italian coffee shop near Burger King, in City centre. It has a 3 out of 5 star rating, it's family friendly, but the food is pricey.
Fitzbillies is a Japanese coffee shop in the Riverside area with a 5 out of 5 rating.
The Phoenix serves sushi with a nice price by the river
The Mill is a moderately priced coffee shop with Japanese food.  It is located near The Sorrento in the riverside area.
The Rice Boat is a kids friendly, Japanese restaurant in the 20-25 price range near Express by Holiday Inn in the city centre that has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
A kid friendly, Japanese restaurant located near the Crowne Plaza Hotel is The Waterman.
The Rice Boat is an Italian restaurant not good for family but with a high rating located in the city centre
Strada is a Chinese food restaurant in a moderate price range with a customer rating 1 out of 5. It is near Rainbow Vegetarian Café and not kid friendly.
The Olive Grove is an Indian pub with a moderate price range in the city center.  It is not kid friendly.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that has high customer ratings and is not kids friendly.
moderate priced French food can be found at The Vaults, children not welcome
The Punter coffee shop, well priced 5 star restaurant, located next to Café Sicilia
The Golden Curry provides Chinese food Its customer rating is average.
The Waterman is a cheap Fast food located in riverside. It is not family-friendly and has average customer rating.
Strada is located at Rainbow Vegetarian Café and it offers whole meal deals at good prices.
The Punter is a cheap place to eat. It specializes in Italian food.
The Vaults is a cheap, child friendly restaurant that serves English food.
The Waterman is a highly-rated full-service restaurant for families next to the river.
Blue Spice near riverside is a moderate price range Japanese food
Alimentum is a moderate priced Chinese food restaurant with a customer rating of 3 out of 5, in the Riverside area, near Yippee Noodle Bar.
There is a no family-friendly coffee shop The Wrestlers located near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside that provides French food in the cheap price range.
Serving fast food in the riverside area includes Alimentum. Alimentum is near the Yippee Noodle Bar and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Eagle coffee shop is in the city centre near Burger King. It serves French food of high prices. Not being child friendly customers rate it 3 out of 5.
The Fitzbillies is a Japanese coffee shop in riverside which not only has a low customer rating, but has a price range more than £30 and is not children friendly.
The Phoenix is an average rated English restaurant situated in the centre of the city with a high price range.
The Rice Boat is a Japanese restaurant with a customer rating of 3 out of 5, has a price range of £20-25, and is near Express by Holiday Inn in Riverside.
The Wrestlers is a restaurant for families that offer a low priced menu.
There is a non family-friendly French food restaurant called The Twenty Two
The Wrestlers is an English breakfast bar that is suitable for families. It is rated one star and offers food at a medium price.
The Vaults is located near Café Brazil in the riverside area.  It is a coffee shop with a 5 out of 5 customer rating and is in the over £30 price range
There is an English eatery called Cotto near Café Rouge.
In riverside, there is a moderately priced English restaurant called The Waterman. It is not kid friendly, and has a 3 out of 5 customer rating.
There is kid-friendly French restaurant by the riverside called The Rice Boat . It had a customer rating of 3 out of 5, a price range of £20-25 and is near the Express by Holiday Inn.
There is a moderate priced poorly rated kid friendly coffee shop Fitzbillies in the city centre. It offers Italian food.
There is a child-friendly pub in the city centre called The Olive Grove. It has a price range of more than 30 pounds.
The Wrestlers has a price range of more than £30, it also has a low customer rating. But it is children friendly and serves Japanese Food.
Near Ranch, Cotto is a kid-friendly venue that serves French food. Customers give it a rating of 3 out of 5.
The Eagle is a more expensive, children-friendly, fast-food coffee shop located near Burger King in the city centre. Customers have rated the location 1 out of 5.
French food at Blue Spice in riverside is moderately priced.
There is an expensive coffee shop The Wrestlers located near Raja Indian Cuisine.
Cocum is a coffee shop providing Indian food in the moderate price range. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Strada is an expensive, family friendly restaurant is located near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café. It is in the high price range and has fantastic customer reviews.
The Waterman provides Indian food in the more than £30 price range. It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is high.
The Waterman has moderate prices and is kid friendly.
A Chinese restaurant, Loch Fyne is perfect for adults looking for a moderate but affordable price range.
The Browns Cambridge is a 5 star, family friendly, sushi and coffee shop restaurant combo located beside Crowne Plaza Hotel underneath the river.
The Phoenix has a rating of 5 out of 5 and serves fast food near the river.
Though it has a low rating, Browns Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop that also offers Japanese cuisine. It is located in the city centre near Crown Plaza Hotel.
The Olive Grove is a pub that provides Indian food in the moderate price range. It is located in the city centre.
Browns Cambridge has a low customer rating. It is high priced.
For a low cost lunch you could try Fitzbillies. It's a relatively new coffee shop located on the riverside that offers Italian food in a family friendly environment.
Cotto is a child-friendly Italian restaurant that is highly rated and found near Ranch.
Cotto is Italian food near Ranch and kid friendly
For a children friendly restaurant visit the Travellers Rest Beefeater.  The prices ranges are more than £30.
The Cricketers has an average customer rating, it is a family friendly pub near Ranch.
Five star coffee shop Cotto, next to The Portland Arms, is reasonably expensive
there is an Italian restaurant named Loch Fyne that has the price range more than £30 and it is children-friendly
Join us at The Waterman, a family friendly Japanese style restaurant located near the Crown Plaza Hotel.
Midsummer House is located near the All Bar One. It has high Price range but an excellent customer rating
Zizzi is a coffee shop in the city centre. It has average prices and customer rating, but kids are welcome.
The Waterman is a Japanese restaurant with a 5 out of 5 costumer rating its located in the riverside area. The Waterman offers amazing cheap Japanese food but is not a family environment
Located in the riverside, near Clare Hall,  is Bibimbap House. They serve fast food for less than average prices.
By the riverside there is a restaurant called The Golden Palace which is rated 1 out of 5 by customers.
Aromi is a coffee shop in City Centre with an average rating that serves Japanese food and is not family-friendly.
The Olive Grove is a pub providing excellent food in the low price range. It is located in the city centre.
The Eagle is a French Food restaurant, which has low customer ratings
Fitzbillies has an average customer rating it is near the Express by Holiday Inn for family's with kids offers a cheap rate.
The Waterman is a family-friendly English food restaurant located in the city centre. It has a low customer rating and a price range of less than £20
Blue Spice is along the riverside which serves food in the £20-25 price range.
The Twenty Two is a French restaurant.  Located riverside.  It is not family-friendly.
Midsummer House is an expensive restaurant that offers wine.  It is located near All Bar One.
Strada is a family friendly place with a average customer rating that serves Japanese less than £20 near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
yes kids friendly, moderate prices, and a customer rating of 1 out of 5 the French restaurant The Wrestlers is nice to eat in.
There is a Chinese venue called The Golden Curry located near Café Rouge in riverside. It is child friendly and has an average customer rating.
Alimentum is an Italian restaurant located on the river near Yippee Noodle Bar.
Near The Rice Boat in riverside is The Twenty Two who is children friendly, has a low customer rating and is priced more than £30.
Near The Bakers a restaurant called The Plough is kid friendly and is priced ranged between £20 to £25.
The Golden Curry provides Chinese food Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Near Burger King, in the riverside area, is the coffee shop The Eagle. It is not family Friendly, has a low customer Rating and is in the price Range of less than £20.
The Wrestlers is a cheap English restaurant with a rating of 5 out of 5 but is not family-friendly.
The highly rated pub The Cricketers, is a children friendly pub near Ranch.
In riverside, there is a pub with moderate price range and Fast food called The Mill.
Located near The Bakers is a coffee shop named Giraffe.  It has a high customer rating, is priced in the L20-25 range, and is not kids friendly.
The Waterman is a kid friendly restaurant offering English food at affordable prices. The Waterman is located on the riverside and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Loch Fyne Indian restaurant is family Friendly.
Kid friendly, with a price range of £20-25, and customer rating of 3 out of 5, the Blue Spice is located near riverside.
Cotto is a low-priced restaurant  north of the city centre that serves sushi. It is located by The Portland Arms.
There is a high priced Indian restaurant called Fitzbillies near The Six Bells.
The Rice Boat provides Chinese food in the high price range. It is located in the city centre. It is near Express by Holiday Inn. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Midsummer House, located near Café Rouge is an average rated Indian establishment.
The Wrestlers is a moderately priced Italian restaurant which is kid friendly and receives a rating of 1 out of 5.
The Golden Curry is a Chinese restaurant with a low customer rating. The Golden Curry is located in the city centre near Café Rouge and is not family friendly.
Zizzi is a moderately-rated kid-friendly pub offering fast food.
Wildwood is a low price five star coffee shop situated near Ranch
The city centre located Green Man serves English food for less than £20. It is near the All Bar One. It is not family-friendly.
Bibimbap House, near Clare Hall, is a moderately-priced Fast food join near Clare Hall in the city centre.
Boasting a customer rating of 5 out of 5, the Cocum is a child friendly pub with price range of more than £30.
Near the city centre there is a moderately priced pub called The Mill.
The Rainbow Vegetarian Café called Strada had Italian food that was ranged 20-25. The kids were not friendly and rated it high
The Rice Boat is a family friendly location that is located near the Express by Holiday Inn.
The Twenty Two is a Chinese restaurant that is family friendly.
The Wrestlers is a kid friendly restaurant serving Japanese food. It is an average priced restaurant but has a low customer rating.
With a 5 out of 5 customer rating, The Golden Curry, offers French food, and is child friendly.
The Golden Curry is a cheap, family friendly, fast food restaurant near The Bakers.
There is a coffee shop Clowns in riverside near Clare Hall. The restaurant has high customer rating and serves Fast food.
You can find Alimentum, a high-priced Japanese restaurant, in the riverside area near Yippee Noodle Bar. They have a 3 out of 5 customer rating.
The Punter is a cheap coffee shop which also provides  food. Rated one star this restaurant is located near to Café Sicilia and unfortunately does not allow children.
A family friendly pub, the Giraffe serves French food and is located in the riverside area.
The Mill is a moderate priced pub in the city center. serving Chinese food.
The Cambridge Blue is a restaurant serving French food, however it has a low customer rating.
Blue Spice is a French restaurant providing food in the £20-£25 price range which can be fond  in the riverside area.
The Rice Boat is a fast-food restaurant with a riverside-view located just past the City Centre.
The Golden Palace is a moderate priced restaurant.
Near Yippee Noodle Bar in the city centre is the highly rated, mid priced English restaurant, Alimentum.
There is a low-cost restaurant called The Dumpling Tree where you can eat Italian food.
The Punter is a five star coffee shop that welcomes families. It is located near to the Café Sicilia.
In City Centre, Alimentum is an inexpensive, family friendly wine and cheese restaurant.
Clowns is a family  friendly restaurant providing food under £20. It is located near Café Sicilia.
There is a moderately priced coffee shop called Cotto serving Japanese food in the riverside area near The Portland Arms with a low customer rating.
The Waterman is a  poorly rated kid friendly restaurant in the city centre. It provides moderately priced Italian food.
The Punter serves low priced meals.
The restaurant is called The Golden Curry.  It serves Italian food and yes, it is kid-friendly.  It has a high customer rating.
A low priced restaurant that serves sushi is Loch Fyne. Only thing is that it is not family friendly.
Along the riverside, there is a place called Blue Spice. It has a price range of over £30.
Cocum coffee shop is a Café for families. it is a highly rated and of high-priced range. it is located
Cotto serves Chinese food. They have an average customer rating and are family friendly. They are located near Ranch.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly coffee shop located near Raja Indian Cuisine, in riverside. They offer Japanese food for under £20.
Clowns pub offers spirits for a high cost. Only one star.
Near Café Sicilia in Riverside is a coffee shop named The Dumpling Tree. Child friendly yet expensive.
The Mill coffee shop is a great place to eat Italian at cheap prices its near The Sorrento in Riverside
Located in the riverside area, Aromi is a fast food coffee shop that is kid friendly with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The children friendly restaurant called The Vaults serves English food at a high price range.
The restaurant Blue Spice in riverside is children friendly, has a low customer rating and costs more than 30 euro.
Located in riverside near Café Sicilia is The Dumpling Tree. It is a cheap, family friendly coffee shop.
the Fitzbillies is a expensive place with  a low customer rating of 1 out of 5 its near the Express by Holiday Inn and is child friendly
In the city centre, The Waterman provides a children friendly English restaurant with good food and high prices.
Cocum a restaurant with a 3 out of 5 customer rating. It's kid friendly.
The Blue Spice in the city centre is low priced and not family friendly.
Perhaps because it isn't place for children or the average price more than £30, The Eagle coffee shop that serves French food has a low customer rating.  Located near Burger King in the city centre area.
There is a cheap restaurant located near The Rice Boat in the riverside area that is family Friendly named The Twenty Two with an average rating.
Fitzbillies is kids friendly, has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and is near Express by Holiday Inn.  They are moderately priced.
The Vaults is a family friendly restaurant with meals less than  £20. It serves French food.
The Waterman is a low price range of £20-25, child friendly, French restaurant in the riverside area. It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Alimentum is a Chinese restaurant in the river side near Yippee Noodle Bar. Price range is £20-25 and high rating.
The Vaults is a coffee shop in the riverside area near Café Brazil.  Price range : Less than £20. Customer rating: low.
The Punter restaurant serves French food.  It is located near Café Sicilia.  It's also a coffee shoo.  Family friendly.  Cheap price range.  5 out of 5 rating.
Strada is a restaurant which serves British cuisine. It is located close to the Rainbow Vegetarian Café, is suitable for families and has a moderate price range. The customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Aromi is a fast food style coffee shop located in the city centre. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 and it family-friendly.
The Golden Curry is a curry restaurant with one star that does not allow children and is located near Café Rouge.
Browns Cambridge is the name of an Italian restaurant with prices less than 20 pounds. However, it has a low customer rating.
The pub Zizzi has French food for sale however the customer rating low but is it children friendly yes.
City center is the location for The Waterman. It is serving Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is kid-friendly and has a low customer rating.
For nice mid-range priced food try The Golden Curry, suitable for all the family and 3 star rated food. Situated near The Bakers.
A French restaurant that is kid friendly is Loch Fyne.
Cocum is a child-friendly pub, but has low customer satisfaction with a price range of more than £30.
There is a child friendly  Japanese pub, named The Dumpling Tree located near The Portland Arms.
The Olive Grove is a riverside located, family friendly pub, providing a cheap range of fast foods.
Located in City centre on the river next to Yippee Noodle Bar is Alimentum, a five star rated place that serves wine at a low price.
The Waterman is a high priced family friendly restaurant near the river.
Offering cheap English food, Wildwood is an average-rated pub.
Fitzbillies, near Express by Holiday Inn has a cheap price range, is family friendly and has an average customer rating.
The Eagle is a low-priced coffee shop serving Fast food, located by the riverside near Burger King. It caters to adults and its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge is a child friendly establishment serving English cuisine. It is located on the riverside close to The Sorrento.
The Golden Curry is a restaurant that offers hamburgers and fries and is located next to The Bakers. However, it is not family friendly but is low priced.
Italian restaurant called Blue Spice near riverside. Meals cost about £20-25.
The Eagle is a low-priced coffee near Burger King that provides sushi and is not family friendly.
The Phoenix is an average customer rating Fast food located in city Centre and has cheap price range.
For fast food less than 20 by the riverside, Alimentum near the Yippee Noodle Bar has a low customer rating.
Cocum is a high rated child friendly coffee shop that offers expensive fast food.
Aromi is a coffee shop serving fast food. It has an average customer rating, is not family-friendly, and is located in the city centre.
Green Man is a high priced family friendly restaurant near a building called All Bar One.
The Mill is an expensive pub near the city centre.
There is a pub located at riverside The Waterman that serves Chinese food. It is rated 3 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a high priced coffee shop serving French cuisine situated on the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine which is child friendly.
The kids friendly pub known as The Plough is located near Café Rouge. They serve French food with a price range of £20-£25.
Welcome to the Green Man. We are not family-friendly. Our food is Japanese, and we are located on the riverside near the All Bar One. Our price  range is less than 20 pounds.
Aromi is a nice and well liked family-friendly coffee shop located in the city centre.
The Rice Boat serves fast food in the price range of more than £30. It is children friendly and located in Riverside, near Express by Holiday Inn.
You can visit The Punter for high prices fast food
Alimentum is a restaurant that serves English food and is near Yippee Noodle Bar in the area of riverside. The customer rating is 3 out of 5 and is in the moderate price range.
Available for your use is The Phoenix, a 5 star facility, which offers wine, cheese and fruit.
There is a 3 star Japanese restaurant called Browns Cambridge that is high priced.
coffee shop Cotto is at the riverside, near The Portland Arms, cost of around £30 minimum.  Fast food, highly rated.
The Dumpling Tree provides English food at a cheap price and is a restaurant.
The Rice Boat has English food and is in the area of City Centre.
n the city centre, there is The Fitzbillies, a highly rated expensive non-children friendly coffee shop that serves French food.
Alimentum, an Italian-style restaurant near the Yippee Noodle Bar in the city centre area, boasts a cheap price range and an average customer rating.
Aromi is a coffee shop located  in the riverside area.  It is kid-friendly and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.  Aromi serves Italian food.
Browns Cambridge is an adult focused Indian Café. It is rated low but conveniently located downtown near the the Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Japanese food can be bought at Bibimbap House in the city centre. It is located near Clare Hall and has high prices.
Fitzbillies has a high price range while also being children friendly and having a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It can be found near Express by Holiday Inn.
There's a moderately priced Chinese restaurant that isn't kid friendly called Loch Fyne.
A restaurant with customer rating 3 out of 5 is Strada.
There is cheap, Japanese pub near Café Brazil named The Cambridge Blue.
Cocum coffee shop is a high rated children friendly location for Japanese food in the high price range
Cotto is an Indian restaurant and coffee shop costing less than £20. It's in the city centre, near The Portland Arms. Has low ratings.
The Phoenix serves Chinese food and is located in the Riverside area. The customer rating is a one out of five.
The high priced coffee shop The Mill is located near The Sorrento.
The Eagle, located in the city centre near Burger King, is a coffee shop serving Japanese food in the £20-£25 price range, not child friendly.
The Waterman is a sushi restaurant north of the city that is highly rated and family friendly.
Strada is an Indian pub with average food, located near Yippee Noodle Bar.
Strada is a family friendly restaurant which serves British cuisine,  located close to the Rainbow Vegetarian Café. It has a moderate price range and a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Next to the Rainbow Vegetarian Café you will find Strada, a low cost, family friendly British restaurant scoring 3 out of 5 stars.
A coffee shop serving Japanese food is in the riverside area. The children friendly Fitzbillies is in the high price range and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Cocum is a coffee shop providing pasta in the high price range. It is family friendly.
Cotto is a coffee shop with an average Customer Rating that serves cheap Italian food and is located in the riverside area near The Portland Arms.
Green Man is a very family friendly fast food venue. At less than £20, this Riverside venue beats its close competitor, All Bar One.
Taste of Cambridge is an adult coffee shop providing fast food near the Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is located in the city centre.
The Punter, which is near Café Sicilia, is a coffee shop that serves cheap fast food. It is family friendly and has an average customer rating.
There is a coffee shop by The Portland Arms called The Cricketers that serves Indian food. It's rating is low and not family friendly.
The Strada restaurant near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café is my favorite spot in town.
For French food that is less than £20 then visit The Golden Palace which has a low customer rating for a coffee shop
The Wrestlers is a Japanese sushi shop exclusively for couples.
Alimentum is an Italian restaurant that's on the riverside in the moderate price range, and is kid friendly.
The Golden Curry is  family friendly serving English food rated 5 out of 5.
The Dumpling Tree is a  Fast food  restaurant price range £20-25
Midsummer House is a Chinese restaurant with moderate pricing located near All Bar One.
A child friendly Italian coffee shop 'The Eagle' with a good price range but low customer rating. In riverside by 'Burger King'.
Strada is a restaurant providing high quality food and family services in average price range. It is located after Rainbow Vegetarian Café
Blue Spice is a child-friendly coffee shop. Customer ratings are low. It is located in the city center. Prices are more than £ 30. it is near Avalon
Come to the Riverside for a less than 20 dollar meal at Blue Spice Japanese grill.
The Punter provides French food in the moderate price range.
The Rice Boat is a high priced, kid friendly,  Fast food restaurant in riverside near Express by Holiday Inn.
In Riverside, there is a coffee shop with a 5 out of 5 customer rating called Zizzi. It's cheap and family friendly.
A restaurant named Strada is children friendly with a high customer rating and high price range.
The Phoenix offers expensive Chinese food by the river. The Phoenix has an average rating.
Clowns is an Indian coffee shop by the river, not far from Clare Hall. It has an excellent customer rating.
Customers give Browns Cambridge a rating of 3 out of 5, It is a place with entries costing in a price range of £20-25.
Alimentum providing fast food. It is located in city center. Alimentum have good price range, less than £20.
Alimentum is a fast food restaurant which has a family-friendly atmosphere. The food price range is below £20. Alimentum  is located in the city centre.
The Twenty Two restaurant serves Italian cuisine in a friendly atmosphere for children. It is located on the riverside of Cambridge.
In the Riverside area near the Crowne Plaza Hotel the is a family friendly coffee shop that's getting top ratings for it's fast food called Browns Cambridge.
The Chinese place called Loch Fyne is a 5 out of 5 rated place in city centre by The Rice Boat.
There is a cheap restaurant in riverside called Zizzi.
The Olive Grove is an English pub located in city centre.
The Mill coffee shop is in riverside near The Sorrento.  They service French food and is a little expensive.
The Punter is a highly rated, kids friendly, Italian coffee shop, near Café Sicilia. It is priced around £20-25.
Browns Cambridge is a three star Italian joint with medium pricing.
The Wrestlers is a Japanese coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine on the riverside. Its prices lie within the less than £20 range. No families.
Loch Fyne is a Fast food restaurant which is average priced and kids friendly.
If you are looking for something different check out Cotto, a coffee shop that is located near The Portland Arms.  Cotto serves so much more than just coffee.  Stop by this upscale shop and enjoy a wide range of exotic and local treats.
Alimentum is a Chinese restaurant that is located near Yippee Noodle Bar at City Centre. While the food is average the price is cheap.
Blue Spice is a Chinese restaurant located on the riverside with prices less than £20.
The Cricketers is a coffee shop that serves Indian food with a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is Kid Friendly and near The Portland Arms.
The Eagle is an upscale venue located in riverside. It has an average customer rating.
For English food try the Green Man. This pub is near Café Rouge in the riverside area.
A pricey French coffee shop rating 3 out of 5 near The Portland Arms and riverside area is named Cotto.
Fitzbillies is a French coffee shop near city centre priced at £20-25 at city centre. IT is kids friendly and is highly rated by customers.
Loch Fyne is a child Friendly restaurant serving Fast food.
Located in the city centre near Burger King, The Eagle coffee shop serves cheap Indian food.  It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
A family friendly pub called The Olive Grove has a price range of less than £20. It is located in the riverside area.
The Phoenix is near the riverside and the customer rating is average. It sells Indian food.
The Golden Palace is a Japanese coffee shop with a price range of 20-25 GBP and a high customer rating. It is located in the city centre
The Cambridge Blue restaurant got a bad rating but it got English food.
Strada is a moderately priced venue  near Rainbow Vegetarian Café that serves Chinese food.
The Cocum coffee shop is for the whole family. It is high priced and rated five stars.  It serves fine food.
There is a pub called The Waterman near the riverside. It servers Italian food and has a low customer rating.
Green Man is not family-friendly, but sells cheap Italian food in the riverside area near the All Bar One.
In riverside you will find Aromi a low rated Fast food coffee shop that is not family-friendly.
Alimentum is a highly rated fast food place in the city centre near the Yippee Noodle Bar. The prices range from above £30.
A coffee shop offering Indian food, Fitzbillies is ideal for family and friends, with an affordable price range at less than £20.
The Golden Curry is a cheap, non family friendly British eatery located near The Bakers.
Green Man is a high price Chinese bar at river side near All Bar One and no children friendly.
Strada has prices ranging from £20-25.  It is kid friendly with high customer ratings.
Giraffe is a family friendly place with a customer rating of 5 out of 5. Giraffe is located near The Bakers and they are also family friendly. It is a coffee shop that offers a cheap price range.
Located in the city centre, The Eagle has a starting price point of £30 and a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
Green Man, near All Bar One in the riverside area, is high-priced, children-friendly, and offers Japanese food.
A high customer rated English restaurant The Rice Boat is located in the city centre near Express by Holiday Inn which is not kid friendly and is priced £20-25.
A restaurant named The Vaults, serves Italian food.
The child friendly Cocum pub is in the high price range and boasts a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
The Phoenix is a middle price range and three star rated wine and cheese restaurant.
Alimentum is the place for high-priced child friendly Fast food near riverside.
With a customer rating of 1 out of 5, The Waterman serves French food. It is located by the riverside, and is in the moderate price range. It is not kid-friendly.
There is an cheap Blue Spice, near Avalon in the riverside and they are for family.
Wildwood is a pub providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Giraffe, near the city centre, is a pub that serves Indian food in a family-friendly environment.
Blue Spice is located in the city centre and offers Indian food.  The price range is less than 20.
The Eagle in the city centre has a lower than average price. Customer rating is low, however.
Cotto serves up French style dishes and is easy to find right near Café Rouge.
Located near Ranch, The Cricketers is a kid-friendly pub that gets a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Riverside has a family friendly Italian restaurant with excellent prices and good food. Its called The Rice Boat.
Taste of Cambridge is a whole foods coffee shop located near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is not intended for the whole family.
The Waterman is an average rated pub serving Italian food in the city centre.
The customer rating 3 out of 5 from the Browns Cambridge, Chinese restaurant, offers Chinese food at a moderate price range.
Strada is a Chinese pub with low ratings near Yippee Noodle Bar.
Green Man offers Japanese food with a moderate price range. There is no kids area. It is located in the city centre, near to All Bar One.
Browns Cambridge is expensive with an average customer rating.
3 out of 5 ratings and moderately priced Chinese restaurant in the city center. The Waterman does not allow children.
Wildwood is a Chinese pub that is inexpensive. It also  has a low customer rating.
A kid friendly place, The Vaults serves Japanese food with a price range of £20-25.
Blue Spice is a moderately priced riverside establishment.
Bibimbap House can be found by the riverside near Clare Hall, serving French food, price range £20-25.
With a price range of less than £20, The Waterman is family friendly.
The Sorrento, in Browns Cambridge, is not a great place for the whole family.
Indian food at The Wrestlers is average and their prices are moderate but it's not good for kids.
There is a fast food restaurant called The Cambridge Blue with an average customer rating.
Spend lots of money on French food and drink at Wildwood pub. 1 star rating
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Indian food in the more than £30 price range. It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is high.
English food with moderate price range is Alimentum; located in centre city near the Yippee Noodle Bar. customer ratings are 3 out of 5.
The Punter is a Japanese coffee shop located near Café Sicilia. It has a price range of less than 20 pounds, has an average customer rating, and is not family-friendly.
Located in the riverside area, Giraffe is a kid friendly fast food pub.
The Cocum is a pub restaurant with a low customer rating. It is not children-friendly and price range more than 30.
Zizzi is a kids friendly pub with Japanese food that has a good customer rating.
Strada is a mid ranged Japanese eatery which is not family friendly and has low customer ratings. It is located near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
Located in the city centre, Aromi offers fast food in a childless coffee shop atmosphere with low ratings.
Crowne Plaza Hotel is a non family-friendly coffee shop in riverside, Browns Cambridge. Its of average rating with Japanese food
A coffee shop, The Punter, is a family friendly mid range establishment near Café Sicilia.
The Rice Boat is an Indian restaurant that is on the riverside.
There is an Italian restaurant called The Twenty Two which is family friendly.
Near Yippee Noodle Bar in city centre, Alimentum serve French food with a price range of more than £30, and a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
The Wrestlers coffee shop is located near Raja Indian Cuisine.  It is in the average price range.
The Mill is a riverside pub offering fast, high priced food.
Alimentum is an Italian restaurant located Riverside. It has a £20-25 price range and is Kid friendly.
Bibimbap House is a French restaurant located in city centre  near The Rice Boat.
Located in the city centre, you can enjoy Japanese food at The Rice Boat. They have an average customer rating and aren't family-friendly.
Having high customer ratings, The Punter is a coffee shop located near Café Sicilia that serves Italian cuisine. The average price range is 20 to 25 pounds. Please be aware that The Punter is not child-friendly atmosphere.
The Waterman provides cheap fast food. It is located riverside. It is family-Friendly, but has a low customer rating.
With an average customer rating, Blue Spice is a family friendly coffee shop, located in the riverside area, near Avalon. Price range is less than £20.
The Cocum pub is high priced, not for the family, and mid price range.
Giraffe, is pub yes children-friendly
In the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine is The Wrestlers. It is a kids friendly coffee shop serving moderately priced Japanese food.
The Waterman is family friendly and serves Japanese food.  It is near the Crowne Plaza Hotel.
In the city centre is a coffee shop called Zizzi. It is moderately priced, has a 1 out of 5 rating and isn't kids friendly.
Cotto is a mid range coffee shop serving French food. Located near The Portland Arms, this riverside coffee shop has a low customer rating.
An Indian restaurant located in the city centre, The Waterman offers food at less than £20. It is not family friendly and has low customer rating.
Fitzbillies is a family friendly coffee shop located in the riverside area that provides Indian food which has a low customer rating and the price range is less than £20.
Near All Bar One is a Japanese restaurant named The Cricketers.
The Olive Grove is a family friendly  expensive pub offering Italian food. It is located in the City centre.
There is a non family friendly pub that serves Chinese food called Zizzi. It has 5 out of 5 customer rating.
Taste of Cambridge is a family oriented Coffee shop that serves Italian food. It is located Near Crowne Plaza Hotel in City Centre.
Near All Bar One is the Green Man children friendly with high price ranges
the Taste of Cambridge is a coffee shop which also sells Japanese food. it is located near Crown Plaza Hotel down by the riverside. yes it is family friendly
Japanese riverside  coffee shop The Golden Palace customer rating high and  price range £20-25
The Waterman provides Chinese food in the more than £30 price range. It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is high.
Near The Portland Arms is a coffee shop called The Cricketers. With a rating of 1 out of 5 stars, it provides Fast food to its customers, as well as a child friendly atmosphere.
Mid priced, average customer rated Alimentum serving French food in city centre near Yippee Noodle Bar.
The Twenty Two is a high end venue near The Rice Boat in the riverside area of town.  It is child friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.  There is a restaurant called The Cricketers serving English food near to All Bar One.
This family Friendly restaurant named The Golden Curry in riverside near Café Rouge has a 5 out of 5 rating.
The Punter is an Indian restaurant in the moderate price range.
The Waterman is a kid friendly pub in the city centre.  Its highly rated French food is mid priced.
The Phoenix in riverside has Italian food and is rated 1.
The Rice Boat has English food near Express by Holiday Inn in the city centre.  It is moderately priced and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and is not kid friendly.
The Green Man is a family friendly inexpensive restaurant located beside All Bar One at the end of the city.
Clowns is a kids-friendly Italian coffee shop located in riverside near Clare Hall. 3 out of 5
The Wrestlers is a low priced Chinese restaurant.  Customer rating low.
The Eagle is a coffee shop  with no family-friendly staff with price range less than £20 provides Fast food located near the Burger King at the riverside with low customer rating.
Cotto is a high priced place in the riverside area, near the All Bar One.
Located near Café Brazil, The Cambridge Blue Pub does fast food at moderate prices.
Blue Spice is a kids friendly restaurant offering high quality food from 20 to 25 Euro. It is located in Riverside.
There is a high price range Japanese restaurant in Riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine that is child friendly called The Wrestlers
Come with your children to The Golden Curry to eat the best burger at an average price
With a customer rating of 5 out of 5, The Golden Curry serves Italian cuisine. Please note this establishment is not considered family-friendly.
The Rice Boat is a moderately-priced family friendly restaurant with three stars. It's located near Express by Holiday Inn.
Near Ranch there is a kid friendly restaurant that serves English food and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5, its name is Cotto.
The Waterman at riverside provides English food in the price range £20-25. Its customer rating is high, however it is not kids friendly.
A kid friendly, moderately priced French cuisine restaurant, The Vaults is now open.
Loch Fyne is an Indian restaurant near riverside and The Rice Boat.
The Golden Curry restaurant is a five star, family friendly restaurant located next to Café Rouge
In the riverside area there is a high priced restaurant called Zizzi.
Blue Spice has a price range less than £20. It is in the centre of the city.
A high priced Chinese restaurant called The Rice Boat is located close to the Express by Holiday Inn in the city centre is children friendly with a 1 out of 5  customer rating.
The Punter is a coffee shop that is family friendly and that is in a medium price range. It is also located near Café Sicilia.
Clare Hall is known for Fast food and coffee shop style bakeries although, customers only rate them average the Clowns are quite amusing.
Clowns is a child friendly establishment near Café Sicilia with items priced at more that £30.
Low rated, but a riverside location with eats for less than £20, The Golden Palace is a unique French coffee shop.
Clowns is a cheap pub. Located at riverside, it has an average customer rating.
Fast food joint, The Golden Curry, serves affordable and delicious food your entire family will love, and is next to the Café Rouge
While visiting city centre, try the new moderately priced English restaurant, Blue Spice.
A French food venue with a 1 out of 5 rating is Midsummer House, near Café Rouge.
The 5 out of 5 star Browns Cambridge Japanese food and coffee shop.  We are located in the riverside area, near Crowne Plaza Hotel.  Yes we are children friendly.
There is a pub called The Twenty Two with an average customer rating located near Café Sicilia in the riverside district.
A low priced restaurant located next to All Bar One is Green Man.
The Rice Boat is a highly rated child friendly Italian restaurant with prices more than £30. It is located in the city centre near Express by Holiday Inn.
Located near The Bakers is The Golden Curry. It is family friendly serving French food in the less than £20 range.
Strada sells Japanese food and is a pub with a high customer rating. It is near Yippee Noodle Bar
if you are looking for a night out without the children then try some Chinese at the pub Zizzi. Zizzi has an average rating.
Fitzbillies its a good restaurant of sushi located near the center of the city
Japanese coffee shop, Fitzbillies, is moderately priced, kid friendly, and is rated 1 out of 5. Located in city centre.
The Travellers Rest Beefeater is an average high priced Café near the Café Adriatic in the riverside area.
There is a Japanese restaurant called The Vaults. It is family friendly restaurant for under £20.
With prices ranging more than L30, Green Man is a children friendly Japanese restaurant that is located near All Bar One in the city centre.
Midsummer House near All Bar One has Italian food with 1 out of 5 rating
The Mill is an English pub near the riverside and has a price range of £20-£25.
With a good price range of £20-25, Blue Spice, is located in riverside. they are kid friendly and and has a rating of 3 out of 5.
There is a kid-friendly Italian restaurant near the riverside called The Twenty Two.
Come Here to our restaurant it is chill friendly Its only a short drive away in the town Loch Fyne and the food Is Japanese
Near All Bar One there is a French restaurant, Midsummer House, that received a high customer rating and their price range is 20-25L.
Riverside near All Bar One. A family friendly French cuisine sits ready for less than 20 euros. The Green Man.
Green Man is a moderately priced Fast food restaurant in Riverside near All Bar One an is kid friendly.
The Eagle is a Fast food restaurant that has been rated 3 out of 5.
The Rice Boat is an expensive, excellently rated family restaurant, located near the Express by Holiday Inn.
Browns Cambridge is a 5 star rated Fast Food restaurant. The average spend for this restaurant is over £30.
Cotto is an expensive five star coffee shop close to The Portland Arms and the city centre.
The Eagle is a coffee shop situated near Burger King in the city centre. With a poor customer rating of 1 out of 5, a high price range, and a no for children, it's not the best of options.
The Golden Curry is a family friendly restaurant that sells French food and has average ratings.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop providing Indian food in the more than £30 price range. It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is high.
The Punter is a higher class coffee venue offering a range of drinks and Indian fare, conveniently located near Café Sicilia.  They boast a child friendly atmosphere and are highly rated by customers, a 1 out of 5.
The 5 star restaurant Browns Cambridge offers fast food at a high price point.
The Wrestlers coffee shop is located in the city centre area near Raja Indian Cuisine. It has Italian food in the £20 or less price range and is not family-friendly.
The Phoenix is an average Japanese restaurant located in city centre.
Located near the Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre area, Browns Cambridge is a French food coffee shop with a rating of 5 out of 5 and is not family-friendly.
The Rice Boat is a cheap family friendly restaurant located in the Express by Holiday Inn.
Cocum is a coffee shop providing Indian food in the £20-25 price range. Its customer rating is high.
Cheap fast food can be found at The Rice Boat which does not cater for children.  It can be found by the riverside near Express by Holiday Inn and has excellent ratings of 5 out of 5.
The Waterman is a family restaurant by the river with low prices.
The Plough is family friendly and has English type food it is near Café Rouge and is cheap.
Green Man is a kids friendly Japanese restaurant with a price range of £20-25. It is located in the riverside area, near All Bar One.
Alimentum is a restaurant providing high quality sea food in the average price range. It is located in the north of city after Yippee Noodle Bar.
There is a coffee shop in riverside near Burger King called The Eagle that serves French food. It has low ratings because it is not children friendly and cost more than £30.
The Rice Boat is a Japanese restaurant located in the city centre, near the Express by Holiday Inn. Prices range from £20-25 and it is very kid friendly. Customers have rated it 3 out of 5.
There is a pub called the Olive Grove which is sited within the City Centre. It serves Indian food and the price range is less than £20. The Olive Grove is family friendly.
There is a Fast food restaurant with an average rating near The Rice Boat in riverside, named Loch Fyne.
The Browns Cambridge French coffee shop is a family-friendly restaurant located near the Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre with low customer rating
The Waterman offers mid-priced Indian cuisine in riverside. It rates 1 out of 5 and is not family friendly.
Near Crowne Plaza Hotel on the riverside is a coffee shop with French food called Browns Cambridge. It is family friendly and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Midsummer House near All Bar One provide many English food. The customer rating is relative high and the price range is £20-25
A not family-friendly place with English food is called The Twenty Two.
A highly rated venue The Phoenix, is located on the riverside and serves English food.
The Vaults is fast food and child friendly but the prices are high.
The child friendly pub, The Olive Grove is in riverside.  It serves low priced Japanese food.
The Phoenix is a restaurant with a customer rating of 1 out of 5, has a low price range, and is located in the City Centre.
Fitzbillies is a cheap, family friendly restaurant located near Express by Holiday Inn, it has a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
The Vaults is a restaurant that offers inexpensive Indian food.
The Cambridge Blue serves fast food near Café Brazil.
For English food with a moderate price Range, visit The Punter.
The Punter is for high rating customers with a price more than £30, offers Italian food and yes has a children area. It is located near to coffee shop Café Sicilia.
The Golden Curry is a Café rouge located next to the river.
Adult only Indian coffee shop Fitzbillies is highly rated in the city centre prices are 20-25.
The Rice Boat is located next to the river. It  is a high priced family restaurant the burgers and fries it serves are not great.  Close to the Express by Holiday Inn
The Eagle is in the riverside area, is cheap and serves French food. It is near Burger King and is 5 out of 5. It is a non family-friendly coffee shop.
Aromi is in the city centre with an average customer rating. It serves French food and is family-friendly.  It is a coffee shop.
A fast food coffee shop that is not kids friendly named Aromi is located in the city centre with a low customer rating.
The family-friendly coffee shop Cocum offers cheap French food and has a 5 out of 5 rating by customers.
Alimentum is a medium Italian restaurant in the town city
Japanese food is served at The Eagle with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Twenty Two is an English restaurant in riverside that is family friendly.
Browns Cambridge serves Chinese food. It has a high price range and a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
English food in a family friendly environment.  Alimentum is a reasonably priced restaurant in the Riverside area.
Located near the river, Alimentum is a low-priced wine and cheese bar serving wine and cheese. It is not family friendly.
There is average-priced coffee drinks shop Cotto near The Portland Arms that provides good quality drinks.
The Rice Boat is a kid friendly Fast food eatery that is highly rated by its customers. It has a price range of £20-25 and is located in the city centre near Express by Holiday Inn.
A local coffee shop located on the riverside is Fitzbillies that serves English food and is also children friendly. Their customer ratings are high and also the price range is quite high at more than £30.00 is a great environment.
Green Man provides moderately priced Chinese food in the city centre. It is located near All Bar One. It is not kids friendly.
For a child-friendly restaurant serving food at an above-average price range of £30 and more, you could try The Punter on the riverside near The Portland Arms
Fitzbillies is a family-friendly coffee shop in the City centre, that has a high price range.
Zizzi is an expensive coffee shop located outside the city centre but has menu items for the whole family.
The Golden Palace coffee Shop is Italian restaurant food that moderate price range. And the located is in the riverside and have 3 out of 5 customer rating
The Wildwood pub offers French cuisine at under £20 each. It has am average customer rating.
At Riverside, near Burger King, eat at this coffee Shop.  It isn't kid-friendly, and has a moderate price range. Called: The Eagle.  Customer rating: 3 out of 5.  Food: Italian.
Cotto is a coffee shop located within walking distance of The Portland Arms. The shop offers valuable service with inexpensive dining.
There is a British pub called Wildwood that has a one star rating and a high price point.
The Rice Boat, located near Express by Holiday Inn in the city centre, is a moderately priced fast food restaurant. It is not kid friendly and has been rated 1 out of 5.
Giraffe, located near The Bakers, is a coffee shop with a price range of below £20. It is not family-friendly and has a low customer rating.
Strada is a pub that serves Chinese food. It is located near Yippee Noodle Bar and has a high customer rating.
For less than  £20, The Wrestlers is a family friendly riverside French coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine.
Loch Fyne Cambridge restaurant is simply unmissable
The Eagle is a coffee shop serving Indian food with a low customer rating  with meals less than £20 and is family friendly in city centre area near Burger King.
The highly rated coffee shop, Cocum, is child friendly and offers expensive fast food.
A restaurant named Wildwood has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and is near Café Rouge.
Green Man is a restaurant near All Bar One, serving up high price range English Food in a Child friendly environment in Riverside.
Browns Cambridge is a fast food place by The Sorrento and its not family friendly
Fitzbillies is a highly rated, highly priced, adult only restaurant serving coffee and Indian food in the city centre.
A coffee shop called, Cocum, offers expensive fast food but is not recommended for children and has an poor rating of 1 out of 5.
Alimentum offers fast food at reasonable prices. It has an average rating of customers. near Yippee Noodle Bar
The Dumpling Tree is a restaurant that has French food and a price range of £20-25.
Blue Spice is by the riverside with a price range less than £20. It serves Italian food.
The Phoenix is an Italian restaurant located in the city centre. its ratings are above average and the price range is affordable good quality food for everyone.
The Eagle offers a Japanese coffee shop dining experience for less than 20 pounds. It is family-friendly, with an average customer rating. It is located in the city centre, near Burger King.
A moderately-priced and kid-friendly restaurant, The Punter is located near The Portland Arms in the riverside area.
For an excellently rated Japanese restaurant in the riverside area, try Alimentum. It menu is on the more expensive side and it can be found near Yippee Noodle Bar.
The French food at the riverside The Phoenix is a 5 out of 5
The Rice Boat provides Indian food in the £20-25 price range. It is located in the city centre. It is near Express by Holiday Inn. Its customer rating is high.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop providing Indian food It is located in the riverside. It is near Crowne Plaza Hotel. Its customer rating is low.
The Fitzbillies is a French restaurant with more that £30 price range  which is located near The Six Bells.
There is a low-priced pub located in the city centre called Wildwood.
Enjoy with your family an excellent burger , go to The Wrestlers , excellent customer care.
Cotto is a venue which welcomes families. It is a highly-rated place, and serves fast food. It's near to Ranch.
The Olive Grove is an adults-only pub located in the city centre. This pub features Chinese cuisine at high prices.
Fitzbillies is an Italian coffee shop that is located in the riverside area.
The Waterman is an average restaurant providing family friendly services in the luxury price range. It is located in the city centre.
Fitzbillies, a cheap French coffee shop located in riverside received a 5 out of 5 customer rating. However, it is not known to be family-friendly.
Along the riverside there is coffee shop called Fitzbillies that provides French food costing between £20-25. It is kids friendly with a high customer rating.
The Alimentum is a low rated Indian restaurant located in the city center near the Yippee Noodle Bar.  The average price is L20.
For under £20, The Punter offers Indian food.
The Phoenix provides Chinese food It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is average.
The Olive Grove pub features breakfast and is low priced, but not family friendly.
The Eagle is an average restaurant near riverside with a price range of less than £20.
Cotto is a children-friendly restaurant near Ranch. It is a Japanese restaurant and rated 5 out of 5.
Cotto is a family friendly, Japanese themed restaurant with an Average customer rating. It is located near a Ranch.
With one star The Eagle is a family friendly coffee shop serving expensive Japanese food. It is situated in the riverside area near Burger King.
Fitzbillies is a moderately priced restaurant located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
Zizzi is a low priced family friendly coffee shop located near the river.
less than £20 price range. pub for friends and family it is The Olive Grove . It is located in the city centre.
The Phoenix serves reasonable Italian food for a reasonable price at the city centre
Loch Fyne is a Japanese restaurant with a high price range and a child friendly atmosphere.
The Eagle with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 and the fact it's situated in a prime location alongside the riverside and a price range of £30 the Eagle will give customers an outstanding dining experience.
Alimentum is a fast food restaurant near Yippee Noodle Bar with a high customer rating in the riverside
The Phoenix, offers Indian food, within a moderate price range, and has customer rating of 3 out of 5, it is located in a riverside area.
Fitzbillies it's a cheap Indian food restaurant near The Six Bells
A cheap Italian restaurant near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café which has a 5 out of 5 rating and isn't family-friendly is called Strada.
Blue Spice is children-friendly, highly priced and has an average customer rating. It is located near riverside.
French food is served at Green Man which is a pub located on a riverside that is near Café Rouge.
The Waterman is a pub  Japanese . It is located in the riverside people rating 3 out of 5
The Olive Grove in riverside is a pub that is children friendly and has a high price range.
The Cricketers is an Indian coffee shop, it has average ratings, but it can accommodate kids. It is near The Portland Arms.
Near Express by Holiday Inn there is a low priced sushi restaurant called The Rice Boat.
The Waterman is an adult only fast food restaurant in Luton. Prices fall in the moderate range -- low customer rating.
The Punter coffee shop, located near the Café Sicilia, offers good, but expensive, Italian food.  Suitable for families with children.
The Rice Boat is a 5 star family restaurant serving Indian food in Riverside.
The Rice Boat is an English restaurant in riverside. It is located near Express by Holiday Inn. They are highly rated with middle of the road prices. It's not a good place to take children.
Fast food serving pub called Zizzi has average customer rate. It is not family-friendly place.
Near The Portland Arms in the riverside area is Cotto, an Italian coffee shop with a moderate price range and a 3 out of 5 customer rating.
The Olive Grove is a non-family friendly restaurant.
Located in riverside neat Express by Holiday Inn, The Rice Boat is a fast food restaurant that is not kid friendly but has a price range of £20-25.
The Cambridge Blue is a pub that is fairly priced at £30 per visit. This Italian venue is near the coveted Café Brazil.
Alimentum provides Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in the riverside.
Bibimbap House  is a low-priced restaurant located  at Clare Hall where you can have a sit down meal.
The Mill coffee shop, in the city centre near The Sorrento, offers moderate-priced Indian food.
There is a kid friendly fast food restaurant in Riverside near The Sorrento. It is called Browns Cambridge.
Taste of Cambridge is a pub near The Sorrento in the riverside area, it is not family-friendly.
If you are looking for a coffee shop, then you could try Browns Cambridge. It serves Japanese food, and is child friendly. It's located in the riverside area near the Crown Plaza Hotel. However, the customer rating is low.
The Dumpling Tree located near The Portland Arms, is a pub serving traditional English food and is kid-friendly.
Wildwood is a Italian coffee shop near Ranch the price ranges are moderate and the customer rating is a 1 out of 5.
Cotto is  an Italian restaurant near Ranch. It is child friendly but has a poor customer rating.
Aromi is an Italian restaurant located in the city centre.
The Vaults located near Café Adriatic is an average pub style restaurant with a high price range.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly, expensive Italian eatery.
The Golden Curry offers English food rated average by customers. It is not family-friendly and can be found near Café Rouge in the city centre.
The Waterman is medium priced Japanese food not suitable for families. It is cheap and located on the riverside.
Welcome to The Waterman. We serve Italian food we are located  in the city centre  our price rang is high we are not kid friendly and our customer rating is average.
The Strada is a low cost family friendly eating house, also serving alcohol. It has 1 star and is located near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
Zizzi serves French food to adults. It is a highly rated pub.
Zizzi is a coffee shop in the riverside area. It has a 5 out of 5 customer rating with a price range of more than £30. It is not children friendly.
A Japanese coffee shop located in the city centre near Burger King, The Eagle is moderately priced, not child friendly,  with a low customer rating.
Kid friendly Japanese restaurant called The Waterman. It is average priced with a 3 out of 5 rating and located in the city centre.
If you are on a budget, why not eat at the The Dumpling Tree restaurant in Cambridge.
Midsummer House has a low customer satisfaction and is located close to Café Rouge.
Blue Spice is the place to go for Fast food in riverside. Although you will end up paying more then £30
The Waterman is a Japanese restaurant in the City Centre area. This restaurant is kid-friendly, has a high customer rating and has average food prices.
Wildwood is an Indian food pub. It has high customer rating and is 20-25 pounds.
The Plough is a low-priced, family friendly American pub near Café Rouge.
The Olive Grove is an Indian pub-style venue. It is located at the riverside and provides a child friendly atmosphere for a moderate price.
Near All Bar One, is a restaurant called The Cricketers that has Japanese food.
The Cricketers is a coffee shop providing Indian food It is near The Portland Arms. Its customer rating is average.
Taste of Cambridge in the riverside area near the Crowne Plaza Hotel is an Italian coffee shop which is child friendly.
Cotto is a Japanese coffee shop near The Portland Arms in the city centre with a low customer rating and a price range of more than £30.
City centre has a pub called Clowns.  The prices are mid-range and it has a 3 out of 5 rating.
The Cricketers is a coffee shop located by The Portland Arms. It is for families and is affordable.
The Olive Grove is a  cheap family friendly pub by the river.
The Golden Curry is a family-friendly restaurant that serves French food.  It is in the city centre near Café Rouge, but has a low customer rating
Fitzbillies near the riverside is and Indian food coffee shop.  It's price range is moderate with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.  It is not kid friendly.
In the city center, near Burger King there is a cheap high rated Japanese coffee shop named The Eagle. Not family-friendly.
The Rice Boat is family-friendly costs less than 20 pounds featuring Fast food near the Express by Holiday Inn near the city center with a low customer rating.
The Phoenix is a medium priced restaurant located in the City centre
The Cambridge Blue restaurant has a 5 star rating.
Strada is not child friendly but customers rate its mid priced food 3 out of 5.
Alimentum is a Japanese restaurant that is located near Yippee Noodle Bar in the center of the city. It has an average customer rating of 3 out of 5 and a price range of £20-25.
Alimentum is a riverside English venue near Yippee Noodle Bar providing high cost food.
The Waterman is a fine dining experience for the whole family located near the river
There is a coffee shop and family restaurant called The Wrestlers that provides wine and spirits and picnic food items that is inexpensive and near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Rice Boat has English food that has a 1 out of 5 star rating.  It is children friendly and located in the Riverside.
In the city centre, near the Express by Holiday Inn, is The Rice Boat. It is a family-friendly French restaurant with a high priced menu and a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
If you are looking for a restaurant in the average price range then be sure to visit The Golden Palace.
There is a restaurant called The Dumpling Tree that serves low priced Japanese food.
Giraffe is a pub which is not family-friendly and offers fast food in the city centre.
Clowns is an Italian coffee shop near Clare Hall in the riverside area with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
There is a Japanese restaurant near The Bakers called The Golden Curry  that is Kids friendly for £20-25.
The Golden Curry is a family friendly restaurant located near The Bakers that offers cheap food.
Aromi is a pub style restaurant in riverside which is kid friendly and has an average customer rating.
There is a kid friendly place called The Twenty Two at Riverside serving French food.
The Wrestlers is a high-priced and family friendly coffee shop that is located next to Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Cambridge Blue is a high rated Italian restaurant.
The Eagle is a children friendly coffee shop serving high priced Japanese food in city centre near Burger King that has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Mill is a pub in the city centre that serves cheap fast food.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop serving Italian food. Located in the riverside area, near Crowne Plaza Hotel, this coffee shop is family friendly with an average rating.
There is a highly rated coffee shop and dine in restaurant near Ranch called Wildwood that is fairly expensive.
The Plough is a family friendly pub located near Café Rouge.
The Phoenix is a high-priced place to find Indian food in the city centre.  It is rated as 1 out of 5 by its customers.
Located in the city centre near Café Rouge, is The Golden Curry. It is an Indian restaurant with an average rating. It is not family friendly.
Cotto coffee shop offers Italian food. The price is low. Customer rating is average. Near The Portland Arms
Low rating Cotton family friendly fast food located near Ranch
Wildwood is a cheap restaurant near the Ranch that serves coffee.
Strada is a family Friendly Indian near Rainbow Vegetarian Café  with a average customer Rating that is cheap.
Midsummer House offers Chinese in the high price range, with a 1 out of 5 customer rating, near All Bar One.
The Waterman serves French food and has an average customer rating.  its prices rang less than £20 and is family friendly.
Aromi is an Italian coffee shop that has an average customer rating, is child friendly and is in the riverside area.
An Italian restaurant in the riverside area near Express by Holiday Inn has a high customer rating. It is not kids friendly but its prices range from £20-25. It is called The Rice Boat.
The Punter is an average rated place that enjoys families and is near by the coffee shop called Café Sicilia.
Aromi is a kid friendly coffee shop that serves Italian food. It is located by the riverside, but only has a customer rating of 1 out of 5
The Olive Grove is an Italian pub in the city centre. It has moderate prices and is not kids friendly.
The Eagle is a fairly expensive restaurant on Riverside that has a three out of five star rating.
The Green Man is a restaurant near All Bar One in the city centre.  It serves Chinese food at a high price range and it child friendly.
With an average customer rating, The Eagle has a cheap price range in a riverside area.
A great kids friendly French themed place, The Vaults is a great place to go to. It has a price range of £20-25.
The Plough is a moderately priced, fast food pub which is also child friendly. It is near Café Rouge.
There is a moderately priced restaurant The Waterman in the city centre. It is not kids friendly but they have high customer ratings and they serve English food.
A family-friendly pub, in the city centre, is called The Olive Grove.  Their prices are typically less than £20.
There is a French restaurant on the riverside named Aromi.
The Waterman is a family-friendly French restaurant near the Crowne Plaza Hotel.
The Punter is a coffee shop near Café Sicilia offering French food at average price range
Midsummer House is a Fast food establishment near Café Rouge.  It has a rating of 3 out of 5.
The Rice Boat in city centre near Express by Holiday Inn is serving Indian food at a high price. It is family friendly and received a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
If you are looking for an easy, quick, and affordable place to eat in the riverside area, come visit us at Blue Spice.
A pub serving Italian food for less than £20 is The Olive Grove in riverside. They are not family-friendly.
Loch Fyne is a Chinese restaurant with low prices located in riverside near The Rice Boat.
Expensive fast food, high-rated Midsummer House is located near All Bar One.
If you are searching for a place that serves French food near the city centre and with moderate prices, the Blue Spice might be for you.
The Cotto is near the Ranch. It has a high customer rating, serves Japanese food and caters to kids.
The Cocum has a low customer rating and is not children-friendly. The price range is more than 30 at this pub restaurant.
The Punter costs more than £30,  but is child friendly. It is located near The Portland Arms on the riverside.
The Waterman is located in city centre with a 5 out of 5 rating and low prices.
There is a child friendly, French pub, called The Dumpling Tree, near The Portland Arms.
The Waterman's Chinese food is cheap, awesome customer rating 5 out of 5, conveniently located in the city centre and family friendly.
The Phoenix has high customer rating and a price range of £20-25. It is located in the riverside.
Loch Fyne family friendly French restaurant expensive.
There is highly rated coffee shop by the riverside named Fitzbillies.  They serve Italian food ranging from  £20-25 in a non-kid friendly environment.
Browns Cambridge is a sushi bar low priced in town.
The Wrestlers is a moderately-priced fast food restaurant that is not suitable for children, and has received a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Zizzi is a no children-friendly coffee shop located in the city centre. Its price is more than £30 with high customer rating.
Alimentum offers Indian food near the Yippee Noodle Bar in the city centre area. It is of a moderate price range with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Japanese food restaurant called The Twenty Two yes has a children area.
For high prices and average customer ratings come to The Vaults pub near to Café Adriatic
There is a reasonably priced coffee shop called The Punter, it is located near to Café Sicilia. Families are welcome.
If your looking for a cheap, average rated, Italian restaurant, you should go to Midsummer House. It is located near All Bar One.
coffee shop called The Eagle is located in city centre, near Burger King. It serves average French food with price range less than £20. It is not family-friendly place.
Come and eat at the family friendly restaurant, The Punter down at riverside near The Portland Arms. Feed the family for less than £20.
Midsummer House is rated 5 out of 5. It is located near All Bar One. They serve Japanese food and prices are cheap.
The Rice Boat serves 5 star Indian Cuisine by the riverside. Unfortunately, it is unsuitable for families.
Blue Spice is a children friendly coffee shop in riverside near Avalon. It has a high customer rating and a price range greater than £30.
There is a coffee shop called The Cricketers near The Portland Arms that is not family friendly.
There is a family-friendly Called The Golden Curry that provide Italian food and has 5 out of 5 customer rating. the place is in the riverside near Café Rouge
Serving English food, Loch Fyne is a friendly family styled restaurant.
A family-friendly choice would be Strada.  It offers higher priced fast food.  The restaurant is near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
There is a riverside place that sells Fast food, The Phoenix, but it has a low customer rating.
Bibimbap House in riverside near Clare Hall offer Japanese food with less than £20
Zizzi is a kids friendly pub serving English food. It is low rated as 1 out of 5.
The Phoenix provides high rating Fast food at £20-25 in riverside
The Zizzi is  a non-children friendly coffee shop in the city centre with a high customer rating and a price range of £20-25.
Green Man is located in riverside and is near All Bar One, prices range from £20 and below and is family friendly.
There is a nice 1 star fair priced restaurant called Browns Cambridge.
For French food that is averagely priced you could try the coffee shop Cotto. Prices are average and customers give it a rating of 3 out of 5. You will find it by the river near The Portland Arms.
There is a pub Wildwood that provides high-priced food.
A kid friendly restaurant is the Travellers Rest Beefeater.
If you're looking for English food priced at less than £20, come to The Dumpling Tree restaurant.
Located near The Portland Arms in the city centre is Cotto. It is a coffee shop that serves French food with a price range of less than £20. It has a low customer rating.
You can visit cheap Customer rated 3 out of 5 Italian food restaurant called The Phoenix in the riverside area.
The Golden Curry is a moderately priced child friendly fast food restaurant near The Bakers.
Blue Spice is a riverside venue with a low customer rating that is not family-friendly with a price range of less than £20.
The Cricketers is a children friendly, fast food, and coffee shop near The Portland Arms with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Midsummer House is Italian. It is located near Café Rouge, however has a low rating of only 1 out of 5.
The Punter coffee shop is family friendly. It has a 3 star rating and offers higher pricing. It serves Italian food and is located near Café Sicilia.
In the Riverside area is the fast food restaurant named Green Man offering a moderate price range; it is located near All Bar One and is not kids friendly.
Located near the Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre is a coffee shop named Browns Cambridge. This coffee shop has a low customer rating;is not family-friendly and specializes in fast food.
If you are looking for a fast food restaurant near The Bakers, The Golden Curry is children friendly. The price range is more than £30.
Families welcome at Browns Cambridge, a highly rated coffee shop located on the river by Crowne Plaza Hotel.
The Golden Curry, is an Indian restaurant that has high customer ratings, and is kid-friendly.
Green Man is low priced and family oriented. It is in the City center., close to All Bar One, and serves Japanese style food.
The Phoenix is a French restaurant located in the city centre and has an average customer rating.
Alimentum serves expensive French food in the city centre.  It is not child-friendly.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is restaurant near Café Adriatic in the city centre. Price range is 20-50, and customers rate it 3 out of 5 stars
Green Man is an Italian pub in the riverside area near to Café Rouge.  One kid friendly, moderately priced fast food venue is The Wrestlers.  It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Plough is a family friendly Pub serving Chinese food for under £20. It is near Café Rouge.
The Olive Grove is a cheap pub located by the river. It serves American food.
Taste of Cambridge is a coffee shop that provides French food. It is Located in the city centre near the Crowne Plaza Hotel. Taste of Cambridge is not family-friendly.
The Wildwood, near Ranch, is a French food coffee shop with a price range of more than £30.
Italian food can be found at Browns Cambridge. Prices range from  £20-25. Browns Cambridge has a high customer rating.
The Eagle is a coffee shop that serves fast food. It is located near Burger King in the center of the city. It is  not kid friendly. The price range is moderate and the customer rating is 3 out of 5.
There is a Japanese restaurant called The Rice Boat in the city centre near Express by Holiday Inn. It will cost more than £30 and is children friendly, however it has a low customer rating.
The Twenty Two at Riverside, is child friendly and has an Italian menu.
Clowns is a coffee shop near Clare Hall by the riverside with specific Italian that received 1 out of 5 star customer rating.
There is a moderate-priced Indian restaurant called Loch Fyne that is not kids friendly.
Strada is a children friendly and rating 1 out of 5.
The Dumpling Tree is a Chinese pub located near The Portland Arms. It is not family friendly.
The Punter sells Chinese food, more than 30 price range
The Phoenix is a riverside restaurant that offers high priced Chinese food with an average customer rating..
A restaurant with moderate prices that kids say yes to would be Alimentum. It is a Fast food restaurant located in the city centre.
The coffee shop Taste of Cambridge serves French food and is kids friendly. It is in Riverside near Crown Plaza Hotel
Near Yippee Noodle Bar there is a cheap Italian restaurant called Alimentum. It is situated near to the riverside, and its rating is 5 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge has  a cheap price range with average customer ratings.
There is a Japanese coffee shop with a low customer rating called Clowns near Clare Hall in the city centre
Cotto is a coffee shop serving Italian food on the riverside near The Portland Arms.  It comes highly rated and the price range is around £20-25.
With a low price range and a high customer rating, Cotto is a coffee shop is near The Portland Arms by the riverside in the City centre.
The Phoenix serves cheap Indian food in the riverside area.  It has an average customer rating.
By the riverside there is a kid friendly pub Giraffe that provides French.
Alimentum is a moderately priced fast food restaurant with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.  Located in the city centre area near Yippee Noodle Bar.
In riverside you can find a Japanese coffee shop of moderate price called The Wrestlers.  They offer a child friendly environment and can be found near Raja Indian Cuisine.
Strada is a family friendly restaurant with a low customer rating.
Alimentum near Yippee Noodle Bar, in riverside, serves great French food. With 3 out of 5 customer ratings and excellent service, the above high price range is worth it.
Alimentum, at less than £20, with English food, near Yippee Noodle Bar, at City Centre with a low customer rating.
A pub that is not children friendly with a price range of more than 30lb with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 is Cocum.
The Cambridge Blue is a restaurant that offers breakfast.
The Waterman is a family friendly wine bar located at the centre of the city. Rated 1 out of 5.
The Golden Curry is found near The Six Bells. It has a family friendly setting.
Bibimbap House is in the city centre area near Clare Hall.  It serves Indian food within a moderate price range.
There is a family pub at riverside called The Olive Grove for Italian food. It charges less than £20.
For French cuisine, try the Cotto. It is located on the riverside, near The Portland Arms. It offers typical French fare with average prices.
Strada,  is an English pub, near Yippee Noodle Bar, has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Clowns pub is a three star, mid-priced pub located in the northern part of the city.
The Golden Curry serves English food near Café Rouge in riverside. It is not family-friendly and has a low customer rating.
A high priced, children friendly restaurant named Blue Spice has a rating of 3 out of 5 and is located on the river side.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop specializing in high priced Indian food. This establishment is not kid friendly and is rated 1 out of 5. It is located in Riverside
Come visit our new English Pub, Wildwood. We have moderate prices and a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Eagle, cheap and family-friendly, is a coffee shop that serves Fast food.  Near Burger King it is in the city centre.
Strada is a child friendly restaurant that serves Japanese food with a price range of more than  £30.  Customers gives Strada a 5 out of 5 rating. It is located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
Blue Spice is an Italian venue on the riverside within the £20-£25 price range
Located near Café Sicilia, The Punter has French food.  It is a coffee shop that is not child friendly, has a more than £30 price range, but has a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
Clowns is a place near Café Sicilia that offers a high price product. The location is children friendly
The Phoenix is a low rated Café that offers Indian food at a high price. Located in city centre.
The Golden Palace serves fast food at mid-range prices. It's a highly-recommended coffee shop by the riverside.
There is a coffee shop named Giraffe near The Bakers with price rang of £20-25 . It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and is kids friendly.
The Cambridge Blue is a restaurant that provides Indian food Its customer rating is low.
The Golden Curry is a moderately priced Chinese  food  restaurant.  Located near The Bakers, this dining choice is not kid friendly.
The Wrestlers is an all you can eat restaurant by The Bakers rated at one star, family friendly.
There is a nice coffee shop in riverside, located near The Sorrento.  Its called The Mill and they serve Fast food with a price Range of more than £30.
The Eagle is a high rated coffee shop found in the city centre near Burger King, that sells Indian food, with a price range of over £30, not child friendly.
Japanese food is served at the coffee shop called Cotto.  Located in the city centre area near The Portland Arms, Cotto receives a high customer rating.  The average cost of a meal is £20-25.
The Rice Boat is a family-friendly Italian restaurant that serves Italian Food. They are located at the city centre near the Express by Holiday Inn. Their price range is cheap and their customer rating is 5 out of 5.
The fast food restaurant Green Man located on the riverside near All Bar One is children friendly but also has highly expensive food.
Giraffe is a cheaper restaurant near The Six Bells.
Alimentum near Yippee Noodle Bar, near the city centre is a fast food restaurant with price ranges of 20-25 euros has high customer ratings.
The Phoenix serves French food at the city centre.  It has low customer ratings.
The Olive Grove is a somewhat pricey pub located in City centre that is not family friendly.
Fitzbillies is a restaurant providing take-away deliveries in the low price range. It is located in the city centre.
The French restaurant The Dumpling Tree cost more than £30
The Eagle is a family friendly, high rated, coffee shop with Fast food. It's on the riverside by Burger King with a price range of about 30 Euros.
A pub named The Giraffe serves French food in the riverside area. it is kid friendly.
The Twenty Two is a children free, high priced venue with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 near The Rice Boat in riverside.
The Waterman serves Italian food for an adult night out near the riverside. Lower than average ratings, but cheaply priced
Italian food, family friendly, place named The Wrestlers, a cheap, with a customer rating 5 out of 5.
The Golden Curry Indian restaurant in riverside has an average customer rating. It is near Café Rouge and is not family friendly.
The family-friendly restaurant The Twenty Two, serves food at a price range less than 20. It is located near The Rice Boat in the city centre and has a low customer rating.
The Eagle is a cheap coffee shop near Burger King in the city centre. It is family-friendly and has a customer rating of three out of five.
The Cotto is a Kid friendly venue serving Japanese food, it is rated 3 out of 5 and can be found near the Ranch.
There is a Chinese near to Express by Holiday Inn in the city centre called The Rice Boat. Its got a low rating but its family friendly.
Located on the riverside, The Eagle, a low rated restaurant offers food for less than 20.
Aromi is a child friendly pub located in riverside with a low customer rating.
Children friendly restaurant Cocum has a 3 out of 5 customer rating.
An expensive, five star, family friendly restaurant that serves sushi is The Waterman. It is located on the river in City centre.
The Rice Boat offers Fast and cheap food for family Friendly located in Express by Holiday Inn.
There's a restaurant called The Dumpling Tree that has cheap Italian food.
Taste of Cambridge is a child Friendly coffee shop serving Fast Food near Crowne Plaza Hotel by a riverside.
With a low customer rating The Rice Boat has English food in riverside area. It is also family-Friendly
There is an expensive family friendly pub serving Italian food on the riverside called The Olive Grove.
The Golden Curry is a non-family-friendly fast food restaurant with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Cambridge Blue is an amazing Italian restaurant, even if it's rated low.
The Wrestlers is a high priced English restaurant that customers rated average. It is not children friendly.
Kid friendly Indian restaurant, The Rice Boat has an average customer rating in Riverside.
The Mill is a British pub with cheap prices.
The Golden Curry Japanese restaurant offers family friendly dining and is rated 5 out of 5 by its customers
There is an Italian child friendly coffee shop called Aromi which is located by the riverside and has a customer  rating of 1 out of 5
Browns Cambridge is a cheap French restaurant with a top customer rating.
Green Man is a cheap venue in the riverside area, not recommended for children.
The Mill is a cheap pub that serves French food and is located in the city centre.
The Strada is a expensive, family restaurant with 1 star.  It is located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
The Eagle is located near Burger King in the center of the city. It is a coffee shop that serves French food. It is not family-friendly. The customer rating is low and the price range is less than £20.
Browns Cambridge is  a coffee  Shop located in Riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel. The food that is served is Japanese.  The setting is kid friendly, The customer Rating is a 3-out of 5.
For Japanese food there is The Waterman.  It is moderately priced, family friendly and their customers have rated it highly.
Midsummer House is a burger bar near All Bar One. It's rated three stars and is in the high price range.
The Wrestlers is a kid friendly English food place with a moderate price range that's customer rating is a 3 out of 5
There is a French family-friendly restaurant named Loch Fyne
The Italian restaurant 'The Punter' has a high price range.
The Olive Grove is a child friendly pub in Riverside, with moderate prices.
The Italian restaurant called Loch Fyne is kid friendly.
The Strada is a lovely Italian restaurant with a low price, this is a family friendly 3 star restaurant near to Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
The Dumpling Tree is a low to moderately priced Indian restaurant.
The Waterman, is a family-friendly place, to find English food in Cambridge city centre. With low prices but low customer ratings.
Alimentum is a Chinese restaurant located in the riverside area. Meals are in the 20-25 pound range and it is kid friendly.
Customers rated Fitzbillies 5 out of 5. It is near Express by Holiday Inn, and its price range is higher than £30. It is not child-friendly.
There is an expensive pub The Mill.
In riverside, near The Rice Boat, is a Japanese food restaurant called Bibimbap House.
The Eagle coffee shop offers low-cost Italian in a family-friendly environment. Located near Burger King.
The Mill is an upscale Italian pub.  Come enjoy delicious fancy fare in this riverfront venue.
Fitzbillies is a family friendly restaurant with a less than £20 price range. Customer rating is low. They are located by Express by Holiday Inn.
The Cambridge Blue is a restaurant serving French food. It has received a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Golden Curry is a Chinese restaurant. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is kid friendly. It is located near Café Rouge.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop providing Indian food in the high price range. It is located in the riverside. It is near Raja Indian Cuisine.
Near the city centre there is a family fast food restaurant called The Waterman.
There's a coffee shop by the riverside that does French food. It's called Clowns and is near Clare Hall. It has an average customer rating.
Loch Fyne is a fast food restaurant in the riverside area near The Rice Boat. It has a low customer rating.
A 5 out of 5 restaurant is Strada.
The adult coffee shop Aromi is in the city centre serves French food and has a low customer rating.
Green Man eatery provides  Japanese food in the moderate  price range. It is located in the riverside area near All Bar One adults only
Blue Spice hires employees by the riverside and offers a pay of more than 30.
For a child friendly coffee shop that also serves fast food is The Punter. It is located near Café Sicilia and has higher prices with good customer ratings.
coffee shop and Indian food, The Golden Palace, in Riverside. High customer rating, with a price range of more than £30.
The best selling super- market economic is Fitzbillies , located one block from The Six Bells.
The Waterman is an inexpensive, yet 5-star, location offering typical American fare in a family friendly atmosphere near the river.
Zizzi is not family-friendly pub customer rate as average. It serves Fast food.
The Wrestlers is a restaurant providing full meals in the average price range. It is located in the city centre.
There is an Italian food venue near The Rice Boat named Loch Fyne. It is in the Riverside area and has a high customer rating.
The Phoenix has a moderate price range and serves Italian food. It is in riverside and the customer rating is 3 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a restaurant serving healthy food in the medium price range.  It has not received good reviews, nor is it family friendly.
This non kid friendly coffee shop called The Wrestlers, can be found near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre which offers Indian food at a high price range.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop, by Crowne Plaza Hotel, 3 star rating and is family friendly.
In city centre The Waterman has high ratings serving fast food for £20-25 and is not child friendly.
The Zizzi is a pub which offers Chinese food. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5 and it is kids friendly.
Cocum is a low priced family coffee shop with average customer rating.
The Rice Boat is a cheap Indian restaurant located near Express by Holiday Inn in Riverside. It is not family friendly but has a great customer rating.
Midsummer House is a highly rated French restaurant near All Bar One. Prices are in the £20-25 range.
There is a French pub in the moderate price range with a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is called Wildwood.
The Golden Palace is an Italian coffee shop located in city centre. It is highly rated by customers.
The Mill, a French, riverside coffee shop, has a moderate price and is located near The Sorrento.
A coffee shop serving Italian food for adults can be found on the riverside near Burger King. The Eagle has average ratings, and cheap prices
Green Man is a restaurant in the medium price range near All Bar One.
Strada is located near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café offering a range of high quality and price fast food.
The Green Man is a cheap family friendly Fast food restaurant.  It is located in the riverside area near All Bar One.
Aromi has a low customer rating but are family friendly  and is a pub located in the riverside area.
Near Café Rouge you can visit family friendly place called The Plough. It serves cheap French food.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly restaurant that provides Japanese food.
The Phoenix is a poorly rated and expensive restaurant in the city centre.
With a high price range The Mill coffee shop is located in the city centre near The Sorrento.  It features Indian food.
There is a moderate priced, child friendly coffee shop called The Wrestlers, that serves Indian food in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine.
Blue Spice in riverside has an average customer rating for a non-family-friendly restaurant priced less than £20.
The Olive Grove is a pub located in the city centre that offers Japanese food  and is family-friendly with a price range of less than £20
The Waterman is a highly rated pub that serves Chinese food by the riverside.
The Punter is a French coffee shop near Café Sicilia with average price range and is not kid friendly
The Golden Curry is an expensive, family friendly Italian eatery located near The Bakers.
Strada is a family friendly Fast food join near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café with a less than £20 price range but with a low customer rating.
The Punter coffee shop has good ratings and offers a mid-priced menu. Located near Café Sicilia.
The Rice Boat is a family-friendly Japanese restaurant with superior ratings, located in the city centre.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop serving cheap fast food in the city centre. It is not family-friendly but has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Waterman pub located at the riverside has Chinese food and a customer rating 3 out of 5.
The Mill is a French pub in the riverside offering meals for less than £20.
Aromi is a family-friendly coffee shop in the city centre providing Italian food but has low customer rating.
The Phoenix has Indian food in riverside
Green Man is a moderately priced  area in the riverside that is kids friendly.
Taste of Cambridge is a moderately priced restaurant with an average 1 out of 5 customer rating.
Aromi is a coffee shop in the city centre with Japanese food. It is family-friendly with a low customer rating.
The Vaults is a child friendly French restaurant. It has a price range of over £30.
In the City Centre near Clare Hall, the Italian coffee Shop, Clowns, is a customer favourite with a 5 out of 5 rating.
The expensive Japanese restaurant called The Vaults is child friendly
Alimentum is a one star restaurant near the Yippee Noodle Bar
The Punter is a coffee shop near Café Sicilia with a low customer rating. At prices greater than £30, it serves French cuisine in a children-friendly environment.
The Green Man for good value family friendly meals. Close by All Bar One and the city centre.
Highly rated Zizzi is a pub serving Chinese food. It is not suitable for children.
Browns Cambridge serves Indian food. It is family friendly. It is located in the city centre near The Sorrento.
Zizzi is a local coffee shop located on the outskirts of the city.
The Twenty Two is kid friendly and has moderate pricing. Their customer rating is 1 out of 5. They are located in the riverside area near The Rice Boat.
In riverside there is a child friendly place with a 5 out of 5 customer rating called The Rice Boat.  It has French food.
A restaurant located by Café Rouge called Wildwood was rated 3 out of 5 by customers.
Aromi, a kid friendly pub located near Riverside, had high customer ratings.
Located near The Rice Boat in the city centre, Loch Fyne has average Japanese food.
Located along the riverside, The Waterman is a pub serving English food.  Customer rating is average.
Midsummer House has a three-star rating and offers sushi. It is located near Café Rouge.
Strada is a restaurant, providing Italian food, near Rainbow Vegetarian Café, with a average customer rating, and it's Family Friendly.
Fitzbillies is an expensive, exclusive French-style coffee shop in the riverside.
Family friendly Cocum is a restaurant with a low customer rating
Green Man is an Italian pub near Café Rouge on the riverside.
The Rice Boat serving Indian food with a moderate price range is a good standard located in the city centre near Express by Holiday Inn. But is not kid friendly.
Alimentum is located near the Yippee Noodle Bar in riverside. Food is less than £20 and it has a low customer rating.
The Waterman is a low-rated pub in the city center that serves Chinese food.
The Golden Curry sells Japanese food. Its customer rating is average and it's not family-friendly.
There is an expensive children friendly pub The Olive Grove located by the riverside that provides Japanese.
Alimentum is a high-priced, 3-star restaurant beside Yippee Noodle Bar. It is located at the north of city centre at the river.
There is a Chinese food place, Browns Cambridge, that is riverside near The Sorrento and it's family friendly.
The Plough is a no family-friendly pub providing French food in the cheap price range. It is located near Café Rouge.
Blue Spice is an inexpensive restaurant for adults. It's located near the river.
The coffee shop, Taste of Cambridge in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel serves some Indian dishes. It's adults only but.
The pub called The Twenty Two in the city centre near Café Sicilia that has a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
All Bar One is neighbor to a new, kid-friendly fast-food joint called Green Man. Green Man is an expensive dining choice in city centre.
The Waterman is a family friendly Italian restaurant in the riverside area. It is in the cheap price range and has a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
The Rice Boat is a adult fast food place with an average rating and a cheap price range. It is located in Riverside near Express by Holiday Inn
There is a cheap coffee shop named Cocum that has Italian food and offers a family friendly environment. It also has an average customer rating.
Alimentum offers moderately priced fast food in the riverside area and is not considered kid friendly.
The Rice Boat has a high customer rating with the price range more than £30 and is located in the city centre near Express by Holiday Inn.
The Golden Palace is a high-end coffee shop located just off the river. It serves a variety of foods.
Cocum is a good family friendly pub in the more expensive price range.
There is a moderately priced coffee shop called The Golden Palace, located in the centre of the city that provides fast food.
There is an Italian pub called the Giraffe that is located at Riverside and no need to worry, it is kid friendly.
Loch Fyne located  at the city centre near The Rice Boat is an average rated Italian restaurant.
The Mill is a riverside pub that serves Italian food at moderate prices.
Blue Spice is a mid-priced restaurant that serves breakfast.
The Vaults is a restaurant offering food and drink. It is mid-priced and is not family friendly.
Bibimbap House serves fast foods by the riverside at low prices. It is found near the Clare Hall.
Strada  has a price range of more than £30. It is kid friendly with a rating of 5 out of 5.
Near the city centre is a lovely French pub, The Waterman.
The Waterman is a highly rated Indian restaurant in the city centre.  They are not a child friendly venue and menu prices are over £30.
In city centre the English food restaurant named The Rice Boat offers a high customer rating service with price range of £20-25; it is not kids friendly and located near the Express by Holiday Inn.
There is a highly rated Indian restaurant by the river, near the Express by Holiday Inn. It's called The Rice Boat and costs over £30. Child friendly.
For moderately priced Italian food, The Punter is a quiet coffee shop near Café Sicilia. Three out of five diners give it good reviews.
The Rice Boat is an Indian restaurant with 5 out of 5 rating located in the city centre. It is family friendly.
Cocum is an inexpensive coffee shop serving Indian cuisine. It is family friendly and has an average customer rating.
Wildwood pub is an Italian restaurant rated at 1 star.
The Cambridge blue serves English food and is near Café Brazil, prices range from  more than £30. The Cambridge Blue is a pub.
A family-friendly Japanese coffee shop called Browns Cambridge, average according to customers, can be found near the Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre.
Cotto is a coffee shop that is rated one star. It is very cheap, and is located close to the The Portland Arms.
in the city centre there is a pub which serves English food in the less than £20 price range called The Mill
High rated French food in restaurant The Cambridge Blue.
The Waterman is a family friendly fast food restaurant of poor quality with moderate prices, found in the park near the river.
The Olive Grove is a Fast food pub restaurant located in the city centre. They are not family-friendly with price ranging less than 20.
In the city center, near The Rice Boat, there is a low rating French restaurant named Loch Fyne.
The Golden Palace serves as a coffee shop and Indian food restaurant in the Riverside area, it's customer ratings are low and its price range is less than  £20.
The Waterman is a fast-food pub located in Riverside. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Rice Boat is rated low, child friendly and priced high. It is located in the city center near Express by Holiday Inn and serves fast food.
Taste of Cambridge is a coffee shop serving French food, located riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel and is child-friendly.
Blue Spice is a low-cost family-friendly restaurant in the city centre, rated 5 out of 5.
The Cricketers is a fast-food restaurant near All Bar One.
Midsummer House is near All Bar One and is a cheap Indian restaurant. The restaurant has average customer ratings.
Alimentum is a Chinese sushi bar ranked 3 stars, near Yippee Noodle Bar.
Strada is a 5 star family place across from Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
In Riverside, near Café Sicilia, there is a coffee shop called The Dumpling Tree that is family friendly and in the cheap price range.
You can order French food at a cheap coffee shop in the city centre. It is called Fitzbillies, is family-friendly and has a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
For high price Chinese food in the city centre, go to The Phoenix. You will get your meal for more than thirty dollars. Luckily the customer rating is high. This means it must be worth the dine-in experience.
Located in the riverside area near The Portland Arms, The Punter is kid friendly and moderately priced.
Cotto, a moderately rated coffee shop, is located near The Portland Arms in riverside. It serves Indian food for a moderate price.
The Chinese place called Browns Cambridge is a family friendly place located in riverside near The Sorrento.
The Twenty Two serves fast-food. It is also child-friendly.
The Twenty Two restaurant is located over on riverside.
Loch Fyne is a children friendly restaurant that offers English style food on the higher price range.
Giraffe is a pub not suitable for families, however sells a delicious sushi.
Cotto has a moderate price range and is located in city centre near All Bar One.
In the city centre a coffee shop called Fitzbillies also serve Italian food price ranging cheap with an average customer rating is a none family-friendly place.
Japanese food can be found at The Golden Curry. It is not family-friendly and has a low customer rating.
Wildwood pub is expensive and serves reasonably good food.
The coffee shop named Cotto also provides fast food at a price range less than £20. It is near The Portland Arms in the city centre. It has a low customer rating.
The Golden Curry is French food serving place that is not family-friendly and has an average customer rating.
Low-priced English food is served at Fitzbillies. It is located near The Six Bells.
Don't miss Wildwood, a moderately priced three-star pub, that is sure to please.
Italian Blue Spice is cheap and by riverside.
Bibimbap House has moderate prices for their Indian food. They are located int he middle of the city near Clare Hall.
At the centre of the city there's a really cheap coffee shop named The Punter coffee shop across from the Café Sicilia.
There is a Japanese coffee shop that is child friendly near The Portland Arms.  It's called The Cricketers and got a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
If you are looking for a Japanese restaurant in the city centre you could try the Aromi
Fitzbillies is a cheap, three-star coffee shop for families. It serves pasta and is located near a river.
The Golden Curry close to Café Rouge also at riverside is kids-friendly Italian food restaurant rated 1 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge, a coffee shop located near the Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre, serves Japanese food and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. However, it is not recommended for families.
The Rice Boat is an Italian restaurant, located by the river, with a 5 out of 5 customer rating. Children are not permitted.
Located near the riverside, is an Indian restaurant with an average customer rating called The Waterman. The restaurant is low-priced and not family-friendly.
The Olive Grove pub in the riverside area has a cheap price range. It serves English food and is family friendly.
The high priced Fast food establishment called Midsummer House is located near All Bar One. It has an average customer rating.
The Vaults pub has a price range of more than £30. It is near Café Adriatic. . The customer rating is low.
Loch Fyne is a  kid-friendly restaurant serving fast food.
Browns Cambridge  is an Italian restaurant with a price range of less than £20. It has a low customer rating.
Alimentum, a Japanese restaurant which offers menu items that range less than £20. It is located near Yippee Noodle Bar, in the riverside area.
Zizzi is a kid-friendly coffee shop in city centre  with high customer ratings and a price range of £20-25
Browns Cambridge is a restaurant providing French food near Crowne Plaza Hotel riverside area.
A highly rated place, The Eagle, can be found in the riverside area. It has a higher than average price range.
Located near the Café Rouge, Midsummer House has a customer rating of 3 out 5 and serves English food.
The Olive Grove is a pub with a high price range. It is a family restaurant that specializes in Italian food.
There is a cheap restaurant Blue Spice located in the centre of the city that provides low price food.
The Cotto is near the Ranch and has a high customer rating. It serves Japanese food and caters to kids.
Average priced Indian food that is also kid friendly can be found at The Plough by Café Rouge.
Quality French food is available from The Waterman in the riverside area, best suited for couples.
The Twenty Two is a low-priced restaurant in the city centre that delivers take-away.
Zizzi is a 1 out of 5 rated, high priced, yet child friendly coffee shop within the riverside.
Kid-friendly Loch Fyne offers English food from £20-25.
The Wrestlers serves Japanese food, and is situated near Raja Indian Cuisine, in the riverside area. It is a kid friendly coffee shop with a price range of £20 - £25.
There's a family friendly pub serving Chinese food called The Olive Grove.  The price range is under £20 and it's in the city centre.
Giraffe is an adult only Fast food pub located city center.
At the riverside there is a moderately priced restaurant called Zizzis.
Alimentum is a cheap restaurant located next to Yippee Noodle Bar.
A children friendly, French restaurant, located along the riverside, is Alimentum, with a price range over 30 euros.
French food at The Cricketers coffee shop has a low customer rating. It is not family-friendly and is near The Portland Arms.
The Eagle has low prices with a high customer rating located in riverside.
The Wildwood is a Japanese pub that gets a 3 out of 5 customer rating. It charges between £20 and £25.
Blue Spice is an expensive restaurant located in the city centre.
Japanese coffee shop, The Wrestlers is located in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine. It has a price range of less than £20 and is not family-friendly.
The Waterman is a great popular pub in a city centre, with nice Japanese cousin.
There is a low-priced restaurant called The Punter.
The Punter has a less that £20 price rating and serves Japanese food
Bibimbap House is a Japanese eatery located in the city centre near Clare Hall. Their price range is less than £20.
Bibimbap House serves English food by the riverside for under £20. It is located near to Clare Hall.
Alimentum is an Indian restaurant that provides food for more than  £30 in a children friendly atmosphere. It is located in Riverside.
Strada is an Italian pub and is rated high by customers. It is near Yippee Noodle Bar.
The Phoenix in the city centre offers Japanese food for more than £30 and has a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
Green Man has prices in the range of 20-25 English sterling. It is kid friendly in the riverside area.
The Rice Boat is located at the city centre near the Express by Holiday Inn. It is not a child friendly establishment. They serve Italian food with a 3 out of 5 star rating.
Alimentum is a five star restaurant in the mid price range. It is close to the Yippee Noodle Bar.
Fitzbillies coffee shop, serving Indian food, prices from £30, riverside area, child friendly, high customer ratings
The Plough is a pub that provides Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is near Café Rouge.
There is a cheap Italian eatery called The Wrestlers which has a 5 out of 5 rating.
With a family friendly service The Golden Curry near Café Rouge serves Japanese food in riverside
Blue Spice is family friendly and located in the riverside area rated 5 out of 5 prices more than 30 euros.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine in Riverside that serves expensive French food. It is children friendly.
The Punter, near Café Sicilia, provides low-cost fast food in a coffee shop setting. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a low-priced French food restaurant that offers a family friendly environment.
In Riverside there is a restaurant named The Golden Palace with a 3 out of 5 customer rating.
The Alimentum located by the river. It serves French food and is not family-friendly. The price range is less than £20.
The Wrestlers has Japanese food, low customer ratings, moderate prices, and is kid friendly.
The Rice Boat serves fast food in the city centre. It is not family-friendly, and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Mill is a coffee shop that serves French food. it has a high price range and is located near The Sorrento in riverside.
Customers give The Cricketers a rating of 1 out of 5. The Cricketers is a kid friendly pub by the Ranch.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is a mid-priced venue on the riverside, near Café Adriatic. It has an average customer rating.
The Waterman is a moderately priced establishment serving Italian food. It is located in the city centre and is not child-friendly. The Waterman has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge offers fast food. It is family friendly. It is located near the riverside and The Sorrento.
Browns Cambridge serves inexpensive but high quality food.
Fitzbillies coffee shop provides low cost refreshments and light meal options.  It is located on the outskirts of town, and is family friendly.
Wildwood is a pub in the city centre that serves fast food. Its prices are average and its customer rating is one star.
A restaurant that is family friendly and serves French food named Loch Fyne  with a price as low as L30.
There is a low price coffee shop The Punter located close to the Café Sicilia  that provides family-style dining.
The Twenty Two is near The Rice Boat. It is by the riverside and is children friendly. It has average customer rating. The price range is high.
The Cocum coffee shop serves Indian food at a moderate price range. It is kid friendly and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop with a low customer rating. It is not family friendly and serves Indian food near the Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city Centre.
The Rice Boat serves Italian food in the city centre. It is not family-friendly and has an average customer rating.
In the riverside is located The Waterman that offers Italian food with a price range between £20-25. It has high customer rating and there is no kids area.
The pub Clowns in riverside with a price range of more than £30, is rated high for customer ratings.
Browns Cambridge coffee Shop, average costumer rating, providing French. Located in riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Blue Spice is a cheap Fast Food restaurant in the riverside area.
Giraffe is a pub located in Riverside,it serves Chinese food .children are welcome.
For a moderate price, try 3-star rated Wildwood pub which serves a variety of food and wine.
There is a restaurant beside The Rice Boat, Loch Fyne, that provides high quality foods.
The Indian restaurant The Golden Curry serves Indian food. The customers gives it an average rating and it is not family friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a restaurant providing French food in the high price range. Customers have rated it average.
You can find French food for £20-25 at Browns Cambridge. Customers rate it highly.
There is a cheap family friendly Café with average ratings in the riverside area near The Rice Boat called The Twenty Two.
The Eagle has a beginning price point of £30 and a 5 out of 5 customer rating. It is located in the city centre.
The Cricketers is a French coffee shop with a kids friendly environment and a 3 out of 5 rating. It is located near The Portland Arms.
There is a coffee shop named Cotto that serves French food near The Portland Arms with a moderate price range and a 1 out of 5 rating located riverside.
Café Sicilia, near The Dumpling Tree, is an low priced riverside coffee shop that is family friendly.
Taste of Cambridge restaurant has above average prices and below average customer ratings.
Bibimbap House offers moderately priced cuisine in a riverside setting, in close proximity to Clare Hall.
Loch Fyne is a family friendly restaurant, specialising in Italian food.
Alimentum is Italian food priced under  £20.  It is located in the centre of the city and is not child friendly.
Alimentum provides 1-Star sushi at a premium.  Along the riverfront, it rests on scenic locale beside Yippee Noodle Bar.
The Phoenix is a poor rated restaurant that sells spaghetti
Located near The Portland Arms in the city centre is a Japanese coffee shop called Cotto.  Food ranges more than L30 and its rating is low.
If you are looking for a restaurant that serves Italian cuisine, The Vaults is what you are looking for.
Browns Cambridge is a Japanese coffee shop in riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is not family-friendly and has a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
The Cambridge Blue  is a pub with average priced Chinese food near Café Brazil.
The Phoenix is located in the city centre with an average customer rating. They have French food with price range less than 20.
Children are not allowed at the expensive but low rated Indian coffee shop called Cocum.
The customer rating for The Cambridge Blue restaurant is 5 out of 5
Located in the riverside area The Waterman is an average customer rating Italian restaurant which is not child friendly
The Twenty Two near The Rice Boat in city center is rated  high with a price range £20-25 but not kids friendly.
There is a poor rated cheap restaurant The Rice Boat that offers French food in the city centre by Express by Holiday Inn. It is not family-friendly.
The Rice Boat is a high-priced restaurant in the city centre near Express by Holiday Inn that serves Indian food.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop offering Italian food, located in the city centre.
The Twenty Two is a Chinese restaurant.  Not family friendly.
The Dumpling Tree is a restaurant that provides French food. It has a price range of over £30.
Loch Fyne is a high price ranged restaurant serving English food and is also child friendly.
Bibimbap House has a price range of less than £20 that offers Fast food near Clare Hall in the riverside area.
Riversides The Waterman is rated 5 out of 5 rated Italian food, with cheap  prices, and a family friendly atmosphere.
There is a Japanese coffee shop Taste of Cambridge located in riverside near  Crowne Plaza Hotel.  Not family-friendly.
Strada is a one-star venue in the mid price range that is not appropriate for families.
Fitzbillies coffee shop located on the riverside is child friendly and offers Indian cuisine at a high price. Average customer rating.
The Wrestlers is a cheap Japanese restaurant. It is not family-friendly and has low customer rating.
Fitzbillies is a low customer rated coffee shop offering Japanese food in the city centre. Yes, it is child friendly, but the price range is more than £30.
The Green Man is a French restaurant in the riverside near All Bar One that is family friendly with a price range of less than £20.
In the center. of the city is a pub that serves Chinese Food. The Giraffe is not a family friendly dining choice.
There is an establishment serving moderately priced English food Bibimbap House, on the riverside near Clare Hall.
Wildwood is a low priced pub with a low rating.
Midsummer House serves Japanese food and has a price range of more than £30.  It is near All Bar One and is highly rated by customers with a score of 5 out of 5.
The Cambridge Blue is a Chinese restaurant with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
If your looking for French pub type atmosphere near the riverside try The Mill.  It has average prices.
Near The Rice Boat, there is a restaurant called Loch Fyne that sells Italian food and has a high customer rating. It is near the riverside.
Loch Fyne is located in the city centre near to the Japanese restaurant, The Rice Boat. It has an average customer rating.
Near The Six Bells is Fitzbillies: a cheap Fast food joint.
The Olive Grove is a pub located in the riverside area.  It is not a kid friendly establishment.  It is moderately priced.
Cotto is a coffee shop offering French food located in the city centre near The Portland Arms.  It is highly priced with customers rating it a 3.
Riverside has a place for Indian food called The Phoenix.  The price range is less than £20, but the overall rating is low.
To experience Italian food with children friendly dining, visit The Waterman restaurant, located near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
The Wrestlers is a family restaurant  with a one out of five star rating
Fitzbillies is a moderately prices Italian, located in the city centre, close to The Six Bells.
Green Man is a family friendly restaurant in the riverside area providing food for less than 20 pounds.
The Waterman is located in the City Centre and serves English food costing less than £20.
The Cocum has a perfect customer rating of 5 out of 5 for its cheap Indian food. The Cocum is a coffee shop which is not family friendly.
Blue Spice is a cheap coffee shop with 5 out of 5 rating. It is near Avalon and the riverside area, and is family friendly.
The Twenty Two offers Japanese food and is kid friendly.
Cotto coffee Shop providing Fast food. It is located in riverside area near The Portland Arms. High price range and 1 out of 5 costumer rating.
The Punter is a high customer rated children friendly coffee shop near Café Sicilia, serving English Cuisine at a price range of more than £30.
Cotto is near Ranch that has English food that is a low customer rating and family friendly
Seen as a 5 out of 5 stars restaurant is along the riverside, known as The Golden Palace.
The Golden Curry serves French food.  The customer rating is low and it is not family-friendly.
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing Indian food in the moderate price range. It is located in the riverside. It is near Burger King. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
The Punter is a Japanese restaurant with a rating of 3 out of 5. They are child friendly and high in priced. The Punter is located near the coffee shop Café Sicilia.
Browns Cambridge has family friendly Japanese food.  It is located in riverside near The Sorrento
The Phoenix is an average price restaurant that serves Italian food. They are in riverside and they have average customer ratings.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop located near riverside. It is not family friendly. It has a moderate price range and a 3 out 0f 5 customer rating. They serve Indian food.
The Twenty Two is located in the riverside area near The Rice Boat with the price range of £20-25, a 3 out of 5 customer rating and is kid friendly.
Rated five out of five, Browns Cambridge is a cheap Italian restaurant.
A slightly higher than average priced pub, that gets a good customer rating and serves Fast food is Wildwood.
Alimentum is a Japanese restaurant located in the city centre near Yippee Noodle Bar.  It is high priced with a customer rating of 3.
The Rice Boat is a high priced child friendly restaurant serving English food. This restaurant is located near Express by Holiday Inn and receives a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Punter can be found near Café Sicilia. It is a high-priced, child-friendly coffee shop that serves Italian food. It was rated average by customers.
Cocum is a family friendly restaurant with a 5 out of 5 rating.
coffee shop in the city centre called Zizzi is a child friendly.
The Waterman is a one star rated pub north of the City centre.
Wildwood pub is in the price range of more than £30. It has a low customer rating and serves Japanese food.
Visit The Punter for inexpensive French dining.
The Rice Boat is a 3-star sushi restaurant located near the city centre near Express by Holiday Inn.
Midsummer House is a 1 star, family friendly coffee shop providing Traditional British food, it its in the low priced market. It is located close to Café Rouge.
The Cambridge Blue serves pub food at a high-ranged price. It is located near of Café Brazil.
Near the Raja Indian Cuisine,  by the river, The Wrestlers offers a child friendly environment, prices over £30, and French food and coffee.
In the riverside area, the coffee shop Aromi, serves Italian food, has a customer rating of 1 out of 5, and is kids friendly.
There is a family-friendly sushi restaurant called  Alimentum located on the River.
Alimentum is a burger joint that is cheap as well as family friendly
Cocum is not kid friendly. It has a  customer rating of 1 out of 5.
There is a family friendly restaurant called The Golden Curry.
The Olive Grove is a pub in riverside that serves Chinese food for about £20-25 and is children friendly.
Located in the city centre near Express by Holiday Inn, The Rice Boat, serving high priced Italian food, has an average customer rating and a non child friendly atmosphere.
Near Clare Hall, there is a coffee shop called Clowns. It is located on the riverside and has a rating of 3 out of 5. It serves Fast food.
The Wildwood is a restaurant near Café Rouge. It has a high customer rating.
A moderately priced 5 star French restaurant is Browns Cambridge.
Browns Cambridge is a family-friendly English restaurant near The Sorrento in the city centre,
French restaurant, The Rice Boat, offers stunning French cuisine in a riverside setting . Can be found near Express by Holiday Inn
There is an expensive restaurant Strada located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café that provides Italian food.
Cotto is an expensive Japanese coffee shop in the city centre, close to The Portland Arms, with a customer rating 3 out of 5
The Vaults is a Chinese restaurant with moderate prices.  Kid friendly.
Taste of Cambridge in riverside is a kids friendly, Fast food coffee shop. It is located near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Cotto is a place in riverside near All Bar One that has prices ranging from £20-25.
Strada is a bar serving English sustenance close by Yippee Noodle Bar and has a fantastic client rating.
Families are welcome at The Twenty Two, a fast food restaurant.
Green Man is a Chinese bar at a river side. It is a high price bar and near All Bar One. No children friendly.
Near Café Sicilia by the riverside, is a pub with a high customer rating named The Twenty Two.
The Phoenix is an expensive Italian restaurant that has fairly good reviews.
The restaurant is in the 30 pound price range. The Bibimbap House is an Italian restaurant near Clare Hall in the riverside area.
Zizzi is a family-friendly restaurant.
There is a restaurant The Dumpling Tree with a price range of between £20-25 serving Japanese food
The Wrestlers is a cheap, high rated, family friendly fast food joint.
Midsummer House is 3 of 5 star and an expensive destination offering food and beverage. It is near All Bar One.
Wildwood is a pub providing Indian food in the cheap price range. Its customer rating is average.
In Riverside, there is a French coffee shop called Aromi. It is children friendly and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Although it has a high customer rating and serves reasonably priced English food, The Wrestlers does not welcome children.
The Waterman provides Chinese food in the cheap price range. It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
There is a one star coffee shop Fitzbillies in city centre that is not family friendly.
The Dumpling Tree is a reasonably-priced Italian restaurant.
Strada is family oriented and serves fine drinks and food. It is located near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café. It is low priced and rated five stars.
family-friendly pub called the Taste of Cambridge which is located in the city centre near The Sorrento
Wildwood is a moderately priced pub that serves French food. It has a 1 out of 5 rating.
Alimentum located in city centre near the Yippee Noodle Bar with average customer rating serves English food in the high price range.
The Phoenix, restaurant of Italian food located in city centre
The Mill is a pub in the riverside area. It serves Indian food for less than £20.
The Rice Boat near Express by Holiday Inn in riverside is family friendly, offers cheap fast food and has average customer rating.
The Olive Grove is a child  friendly Pub in the riverside area.  The Olive Grove serves English food and their average price is more than £30.
Child friendly The Twenty Two is located in the city centre providing Fast food.
The Golden Curry is a high priced fast food restaurant that is children friendly and located near The Bakers.
A family friendly pub, which has a low customer rating in the riverside area, is Aromi.
The Rice Boat, located on the riverside, near Express by Holiday Inn. It provides English food, with high customer ratings at a high price range.
The Punter is a coffee shop located near Café Sicilia that provides many fine foods in a family friendly setting. It is very expensive, and very classy.
breakfast plates at the family friendly eatery The Wrestlers.
The Punter offers moderately priced Chinese food.
The Cotto coffee shop is located in the city centre near The Portland Arms.  It offers high priced fast food and has a 1 star rating.
A fast food coffee shop with moderate prices and a customer rating of 1 out of 5 The Punter is near Café Sicilia but is not kid friendly.
The Phoenix restaurant has a stunning view of the river.
Midsummer House is a moderate priced Chinese restaurant located near All Bar One.  Customer rating 3 out of 5.
Aromi is a kid friendly pub at the riverside with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Come to The Wrestlers for a highly rated Italian meal. Children are welcome. Meals start at £30.
The Cotto is a French coffee shop located in the city centre near The Portland Arms that has a perfect customer rating and over average prices
A low-rated restaurant is Strada.
A pub with Chinese food is Zizzi with an average rating
Want some Japanese coffee ship food, come to Clowns. We have a high rating, we're next to the riverside, what's not to enjoy. Located near Clare Hall.
Browns Cambridge is a non family friendly coffee shop that serves Indian food, located in the city center near the Crowne Plaza Hotel. It's customer rating is low.
Blue Spice is a family friendly coffee shop with high prices and a five star rating. It is located near Avalon.
Cocum is a coffee shop serving Japanese food at low cost. It is family friendly and has an average customer rating.
Clowns coffee shop is in Cambridge. Clowns coffee shop is near Clare Hall. Clowns coffee shop has a one star rating.
Wildwood is a pub that provides Italian food with a cheap price range and a customer rating 5 out of 5.
Green Man is a pub near Café Rouge in Riverside that serves fast food type entrees
A kid friendly Fast food restaurant is Loch Fyne.
The Phoenix provides Indian food in the city centre. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Vaults near Café Adriatic is a pub, with an average customer Rating and a high price Range.
The Rice Boat provides Indian food in the moderate price range. It is located in the city centre. It is near Express by Holiday Inn. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Golden Palace coffee shop great quality low price riverfront
Fitzbillies is a cheap, family friendly place with average ratings and also near Express by Holiday Inn.
The Golden Palace coffee shop is ready to server some of the best coffee in the city.
There is a store The Phoenix that provide an average-priced assorted wines and snacks.
There is a highly rated Japanese restaurant called The Cambridge Blue.
The Waterman is an expensive family dine in restaurant with bad reviews.
The Golden Curry is a restaurant near The Bakers with a high price range that serves English food and isn't children friendly.
Giraffe  coffee shop has a moderate cost with a 3 out of 5 star rating. They are family friendly and located near The Bakers.
The Midsummer House is located next to the All Bar One and the restaurant provides wine and cheese for a low cost.
A cheap place, that takes kids, is the Giraffe coffee shop, near The Bakers.  People really like it.
For expensive Italian food there is Wildwood coffee shop.  It is close to Ranch and has been rated 1 out of 5.
family-friendly coffee shop Aromi is located in city centre and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge, close to The Sorrento has a family atmosphere and French cuisine.
The Vaults is a family friendly and well priced  restaurant serving Italian food.
There is a fast food restaurant in the city centre called, The Golden Curry. While it has an average customer rating it is family-friendly and is located near Café Rouge.
For family friendly eating, located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café is The Strada restaurant.
Browns Cambridge is a high priced British restaurant in the city centre with a three of five star rating.
near The Bakers is a kids friendly moderate price English restaurant called The Golden Curry.
The Cricketers is an Italian restaurant located near the coffee shop called The Portland Arms. They have a 3 out of 5 rating and are kid friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a fine dining pasta restaurant providing a calm evening.
A moderate priced pub located in the city center not kid friendly, The Olive Grove serves Indian foods.
The Phoenix is an English food restaurant that is highly priced and with a poor rating of 1 out 5 by customers. It is located in the center of the city.
The Twenty Two, located in the City centre, offers variety to individuals.
Blue Spice is a coffee shop located in Avalon, riverside.  Children-friendly.  Customer rating is 1 out of 5.  High price range.
Fitzbillies is a family-friendly coffee shop in the centre of the city. It offers French food with price range less than £20. Its customer rating is low.
There is a coffee shop near Café Sicilia called The Punter. I has a high rating and it is kid friendly. They serve Indian food that ranges from £20-25.
Nearby the city centre and the restaurant The Rice Boat, The Twenty Two is moderately priced, rated three stars, and is family friendly.
Next to Ranch is Wildwood is an expensive coffee shop serving high quality food.
Alimentum is a 1 star restaurant located near the Yippee Noodle Bar.
Blue Spice is located in the city centre. It is children friendly, has a 5 out of 5 customer rating, and a price range of more than 30 pounds.
Cotto is a coffee Shop It provides fast foods at a reduced price and is located near the river,there The Portland Arms
The Waterman is a high customer service and good price range Indian restaurant in city center
The Dumpling Tree an English high priced restaurant.
A family friendly Chinese restaurant near Ranch with a low rating is Cotto.
The Punter is a French restaurant. It has a high price range.
The Mill is an Italian coffee shop near riverside and The Sorrento with a price range of more than 30 Euros.
Browns Cambridge, a family friendly coffee shop, serves Japanese food. It is located near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area and has an average customer rating.
For a French restaurant in the city centre with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and a high price range then visit Alimentum near to Yippee Noodle Bar.
Blue Spice is located by riverside . A child-friendly with a price range of high and a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Zizzi is a kid-friendly Japanese pub rated 1 out of 5
A restaurant which serves French food is The Golden Curry. It is located in the riverside area, not far from Café Rouge. It is not family-friendly unfortunately and the average customer rating is low.
The Mill pub is located just outside of the city centre and offers low prices.
Browns Cambridge is a Fast food place near The Sorrento in riverside. It's children friendly.
Giraffe is a restaurant with a price range less than £20 and is near The Six Bells.
Browns Cambridge has a low customer rating and its price range is less than £20.
Browns Cambridge has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and is within the high price range
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop with Italian food located in the city centre. It has a customer rating 3 out of 5 with moderate price range.
In the riverside area, you'll find The Waterman.  It's a Japanese, children friendly, restaurant.  It has very good ratings and a higher price range.
Near Yippee Noodle Bar is a French restaurant named Alimentum. It is in the city centre area and has a high customer rating. The price range is 20-25.
A 5 star rated English pub Zizzi with a family friendly environment
Located near The Rice Boat in the riverside area, Loch Fyne offers fast food, and has a high customer rating.
The Waterman is a cheap Fast food restaurant at Riverside that is highly rated and child friendly.
The Midsummer House near Café Rouge has a customer rating of five out of five for its fast food.
The Golden Curry is located in city centre near Café Rouge which provides English food. Its customer rating is average and is not family-friendly.
With a high price range Browns Cambridge offers food even with a low customer rating
The Rice Boat is located in the city centre close to the Express by Holiday Inn. The restaurant is in the high price range and only considered to be of average quality by it's customers. It is not considered a child friendly place to eat.
There is a very good fairly inexpensive coffee shop that offers wine and cheese located next to the Burger King called The Eagle.
Zizzi is a family friendly pub, rated one star.
Fitzbillies provides Chinese food in the cheap price range. It is near The Six Bells.
A NON - kid friendly coffees shop named Cocum is moderately priced and serves Italian food.
There is a cheap Italian restaurant called Alimentum located in the centre of the city by Yippee Noodle Bar with a 5 star rating.
The Plough is a pub that provides Chinese food in the more than £30 price range. It is near Café Rouge.
It has a 1 out of 5 rating, but Loch Fyne has Italian food.  It is located in City centre near The Rice Boat.
Giraffe is a Pub that is 21 and up.  It is located on the edge of the city.
The Wrestlers is a cheap restaurant that serves Indian food. It is rated five out five. It is also a family friendly establishment.
The Eagle is located in the city centre area serving moderately priced food with a 1 out of 5 customer rating
If you're looking for a riverside view to go with a sophisticated turn on fast food at a coffee shop with high ratings from customers then The Golden Palace is the place for you, averaging at around £30 for a meal.
Green Man is a high-priced kids-friendly restaurant in riverside
Café Sicilia, in riverside,  is a coffee shop in the £20-25 price Range and The Dumpling Tree is kids Friendly.
The Phoenix is a low cost three star Sushi restaurant located on the edge of the river.
Aromi is an coffee shop providing Indian cuisine in the city centre. It is highly rated, but it is not family friendly.
5 out of 5 rated family pub offering cheap meals is the Cocum.
The Punter has a price range of less than £20. It sells French food.
The Eagle, a low priced, high rated, Italian coffee shop is not family-friendly and located in riverside near Burger King.
The Waterman is a pub offering Chinese food. The customer rating is low and it is located in city centre.
The Vaults provides Chinese food in the high price range and is not child friendly.
In city centre, a pub called The Mill has English food.  The price range is less than £20.
There is a Japanese restaurant Loch Fyne that serves food for more than £30.
The Wrestlers serves Indian food and coffee for £20-25. It's by the river, near Raja Indian Cuisine, and welcomes kids.
The Wrestlers is a reasonably priced, family friendly coffee shop located near Raja Indian Cuisine by the river.
Strada is an English pub with a high customer rating near Yippee Noodle Bar.
Café Rouge is a highly rated fast food restaurant near Midsummer House.
Cocum is a kids friendly restaurant with a high average customer rating.
Green Man is a  Japanese restaurant near All Bar One in the riverside area. Prices are more than L30. Kids are not welcome.
family-friendly and French, Browns Cambridge is located near The Sorrento in the city centre.
Wildwood is a highly rated French coffee shop near Ranch with average pricing
The Eagle is a restaurant that provides Italian food. Customers rate it a 3 out of 5.
Loch Fyne is a Chinese restaurant located in City Centre near The Rice Boat.  Loch Fyne has a low customer rating.
The Vaults is a fast-food restaurant in the low price range. It is family friendly.
Wildwood is a low price coffee shop located near Ranch
The Eagle has French food and an average customer rating.
There is a Fast food pub near Yippee Noodle Bar Called Strada.  The customer rating is 1 out of 5.
In the city centre near Express by Holiday Inn is the French restaurant The Rice Boat. It is in the £20-25 price range and has a high customer rating, however is not child friendly.
Loch Fyne is in the city centre near The Rice Boat. It serves average Indian food.
A coffee shop in the riverside area by Crowne Plaza Hotel called Browns Cambridge serves Fast food and receives a high customer rating.
Japanese restaurant The Golden Curry is located near The Bakers. It is not child friendly and the price range is more than 30.
The Eagle coffee shop is near Burger King in the city centre that isn't family friendly, is average and has Fast food.
Zizzi is a pub in which Chinese food is served, it is kid friendly and got a satisfactory three out of five customer rating.
The Waterman is pub Fast food having customer rating 3 out of 5. It is located in riverside
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop in the high-price range.  It is located  near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Rice Boat in the city centre provides English food. It is rated average by customers and suitable for a family.
There is a low price range coffee shop Fitzbillies located close to the center. of the city that provides family-style dining. It has a superb view across the river.
Loch Fyne is a fast food restaurant that has a price range of more than £30, it does not welcome children.
Loch Fyne is a family friendly restaurant serving English food.
Pub Strada, near Yippee Noodle Bar, serves Chinese food. They have a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Taste of Cambridge is a children friendly Japanese coffee shop in the Riverside area near Crown Plaza Hotel.
There is a kids-friendly Italian pub named The Olive Grove in the riverside area. It is in the moderate price range.
There is a kid friendly place, The Twenty Two, located in riverside that provides Italian food.
Near the Crowne Plaza Hotel in city centre. You will find an average, family friendly coffee shop that also serves Indian cuisine.  Try Browns Cambridge today.
Cotto is a coffee shop in the low price range. It is located close to The Portland Arms and has a superb view across the river.
Travellers Rest Beefeater, near Café Adriatic in Riverside, is highly priced and rated 1 out of 5.
The Punter serves English food with a moderate price range.
A non family friendly coffee shop, Cocum offers a lower price range and has a one star customer rating.
Zizzi coffee shop located in the city centre is family-friendly highly rated and inexpensive
Bibimbap House is a moderately priced French food restaurant near Clare Hall and in the city centre.
In city centre, The Phoenix serves averagely-rated French food for less than £20.
If you looking for low rated restaurant than search for Strada.
The Wrestlers is a riverside, fast food coffee shop for adults that is riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine with prices less than £20.
For a children friendly pub serving English food and an average customer rating try Zizzi.
There is a restaurant with a customer rating of 3 out of 5. Its is near The Rice Boat located in the riverside. It is called The Twenty Two is it is not child friendly.
Midsummer House, rated one out of five is an expensive restaurant serving Indian food near All Bar One.
Indian coffee shop, The Cricketers, is adults only with a customer Rating of 5 out of 5 located near The Portland Arms.
the coffee shop Giraffe near The Bakers is children Friendly with an average customer Rating.
The Phoenix is a moderate priced Fast food restaurant in the city that has a customer rating of 3out of 5.
The Golden Curry is an Italian children Friendly restaurant. It has an average customer rating.
The Cricketers is a coffee shop serving Indian food. The coffee shop is family friendly has an average customer rating and is situated near The Portland Arms,
Near Yippee Noodle Bar is a Japanese food restaurant named Alimentum with a price range of more than £30 and a low customer rating. It is in the city centre.
If you're looking for a family friendly environment that serves French cuisine, try the coffee shop Cocum.   However, they are more expensive than most restaurants with their customer rating.
The Cricketers is a coffee shop providing Italian pizza with high customer rating. Is located near The Portland Arms
The Loch Fyne is a non-family friendly restaurant with a moderate price range.
Blue Spice is an Indian restaurant near the city centre, and it costs less than £20.
A family friendly venue providing Chinese food is Green Man. It can be found near All Bar One and has a price range of less than £20.
The Rice Boat is a Japanese food place in the riverside area. It is kid friendly and has a 1 out of 5 customer rating.
Browns Cambridge is a highly rated Chinese restaurant. Meals are all over £30.
Cotto is a coffee shop that serves Indian food with a high customer rating near The Portland Arms.
The Rice Boat is a 1 star French restaurant located in City Centre next to Express by Holiday Inn.
The Golden Curry is very close of Café Rouge in the riverside, is a Fast food service
The pub near Café Brazil that serves Japanese food at a high price range is The Cambridge Blue.
The Eagle, which serves French food, has a low customer rating.
The Golden Curry is family friendly, rated average and serves French food.
The Eagle is a coffee shop serving Japanese food near the city centre near Burger King. It is averagely priced and not very kid friendly.
The Fitzbillies is an coffee shop that serves fast-food located in the riverside area. The price range of the Fitzbillies is high and the Fitzbillies has an average customer-rating, and is children friendly.
Alimentum is a mid-priced establishment located in the city centre, serving Japanese food. Considered child friendly.
There is a coffee shop called Cotto that serves medium priced French food with an outstanding customer rating. It is close to The Portland Arms at riverside.
The Waterman is rated 3 out of 5. The Waterman serves Japanese food at an average price range. It's located in the city centre. You can bring your kids as it is kid-friendly.
The Giraffe coffee shop is located near The Bakers it is a kid friendly  moderately priced shop with a 3 out of 5-star rating.
The Cambridge Blue offers pasta and is classified as a Pub. Located 1 block from Café Brazil
A pub called The Plough located near Café Rouge features Italian food with high prices in an adult atmosphere.
The Olive Grove is children friendly Japanese food pub on riverside area with price range of more than £30.
Located near All Bar One, Midsummer House is an English restaurant serving breakfast food in the low price range.  It has earned a three-star customer rating.
Located on the riverside, near Crowne Plaza Hotel, the coffee shop Taste of Cambridge serves Fast food and is family friendly
The Giraffe is a children friendly, Japanese pub. It is located on the riverside.
In the city centre, near to All Bar One is the child friendly Italian restaurant Green Man. It is in the moderate price bracket.
Located in riverside area, there is Alimentum that has a high price range, fast food, and children friendly.
The Japanese coffee shop Cotto is located within the riverside area of the city centre and is near The Portland Arms. It has a customer rating of 3 out of five and is at the higher end of the price range.
Strada is an Indian pub with a high customer rating near Yippee Noodle Bar.
There is a 3 star restaurant that servers fast food, it is called The Rice Boat.
Serving moderately prices Chinese food, Wildwood pub has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Waterman pub located in Riverside serves Fast-food and has a high customer rating.
There is a pricey restaurant The Waterman located in the centre of the city that provides accommodations for families with children.
There is a high ranked average priced coffee shop called Cotto near The Portland Arms.
located near The Bakers, Giraffe is an adult only low rated coffee shop with average prices
The Golden Curry is a fast food restaurant located next to Café Rouge by the margin of the river. The restaurant provides a family friendly environment.
coffee shop called 'The Eagle' is child friendly and has a high customer rating. Has an average price range serving fast food. Located in Riverside near Burger King.
Customer rated average and low priced, Wildwood is a pub type restaurant.
The Waterman provides Indian food in the cheap price range. It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is average.
For English food The Golden Curry in the city centre near Café Rouge is adult oriented and has an average customer rating.
The Punter coffee Shop is a moderately priced sit-down restaurant. It is located near Café Sicilia and it is family friendly.
Fast food outlet The Phoenix, situated by the river, has a high customer rating and a price range of between 20 and 25 pounds.
The Rice Boat is a high end restaurant located by the river, near the Express by Holiday Inn hotel. It welcomes families.
The moderately priced Wildwood has a 1 out of 5 customer rating. It is located near Ranch and provides quick service coffee.
The Golden Curry offers  Italian food. It is family-friendly and customers rated it average. It is located near Café Rouge in city centre.
Zizzi is a mid price family friendly pub.
Located in riverside near Express by Holiday Inn, is an Italian restaurant called The Rice Boat. The price range is cheap, the customer ratings are low and it is not family-friendly.
In the center of the city you will find a 5 star adults only coffee shop named Aromi. Aromi also serves Italian food.
Cotto is a coffee shop near The Portland Arms by the riverside in the City centre with a low price range and high customer rating.
Blue Spice is a coffee shop near Avalon. They are average rated, with average prices, and are family friendly.
The Twenty Two is located in the city centre near The Rice Boat and is child friendly. It has 3 out of 5 customer rating and the price range is between £20-25.
The Japanese restaurant Loch Fyne is family friendly
A low rated pub at the riverside called The Waterman offers English food
If your looking for a non family-friendly Japanese coffee shop, go to The Eagle, near Burger King, in the city center.
After me and Cotto ate at an average fast food restaurant called The Portland Arms, we decided to go to a cheap coffee shop near the riverside.
The Rice Boat offers cheap English food in Express by Holiday Inn in city centre.
The Eagle is a three star restaurant offering fast food.
Zizzi is a family-friendly pub offering Indian food.  Customers have rated them 1 out of 5.
The Waterman is a kid friendly French restaurant located in the city centre. It has a moderate price range and a rating of 1 out of 5.
The Rice Boat sells Chinese food in the city centre near Express by Holiday Inn. Their price range is £20-25 with a high customer rating and they are kid friendly.
The Rice Boat is an Indian food restaurant in the Riverside area with low customer rating.
Strada is a pub serving Italian food. It's located near Yippee Noodle Bar and rated 1 out of 5.
The Golden Curry, providing low-priced Fast food it's located near The Bakers and also family-Friendly.
The Cambridge Blue is a a highly rated restaurant serving wonderful English food
A French coffee shop called Fitzbillies, in the city centre, with a low customer rating is family-friendly and less than £20.
The Eagle is a low rated coffee shop, but friendly with the families that serves  Italian food at less than 20 £. It is close to the riverside and Burger King
The Browns Cambridge is a average rated coffee shop located on the riverside, near the Crowne Plaza Hotel. It serves Japanese food and it's family friendly.
In the Riverside area, near Café Rouge, you will find The Golden Curry.  It is a top customer rated fast food restaurant that is not family-friendly.
Near the Express by Holiday Inn, for a Kids Friendly, moderately priced restaurant, Fitzbillies has a customer Rating of 3 out of 5
Cocum pub is a hight price range with low ratings and is for the whole family
From £30 in the town centre lays The Vaults coffee shop near Café Brazil, customer rated low.
Strada is a cheap family friendly restaurant with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a Japanese coffee shop that is family-friendly, a price range of less than £20, and has average customer ratings, located in the city centre
Located in the riverside area, Alimentum sells Indian food and is children friendly. It can be expensive as it has a high price range.
Fitzbillies is a child friendly coffee shop serving Japanese food in the high price range. It is located in the area of Riverside.
Bibimbap House is an Indian restaurant with high prices located in city centre near Clare Hall.
The Eagle is a fast food coffee shop located in city centre, near Burger King.
Green Man serves Japanese cuisine with prices greater than £30. It is children-friendly and located in the riverside area near All Bar One.
The Waterman is a 1 out of 5 children friendly restaurant that serve high price English food
Alimentum is a sushi restaurant in the middle price range with a three out of five star rating near the Yippee Noodle Bar.
The Golden Palace is an Indian coffee shop that costs less than £20 and has a low customer rating. It is located in the riverside area.
The Twenty Two is the place for you if you are looking for French food, that yes is for families.
Giraffe is a child friendly pub near riverside serving French food.
Cocum is the Italian coffee shop. With low prices and an average customer ratings it is not family-friendly.
The Golden Palace is a French coffee shop located in Riverside. They are a low-priced pub with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
introducing The Punter, a new up and coming  establishment with a classy new menu so bring your wallet, situated  near The Portland Arms. located by the riverside welcoming friends and family, children friendly.
Italian place The Wrestlers scores low in customer ratings, but it is an inexpensive and family-friendly restaurant.
Near the city centre it's found a low-cost coffee shop, is called Fitzbillies,  serves dishes of fresh sushi
The Rice Boat is an expensive Chinese restaurant located in the city centre close to the Express by Holiday Inn. It has only received an average rating from customers and is not considered child friendly.
The Golden Curry is a Chinese restaurant located near Café Rouge in city centre. It has a low customer rating and is not family friendly.
The Vaults is a French restaurant.
The Waterman at the riverside serves moderately priced English food. Customers gave it a low rating and it is not family-friendly.
The Green Man is a moderately priced French food restaurant located near All Bar One in the riverside area. It is also kid friendly.
in city centre there is a high customer rated Indian restaurant called The Phoenix with a price range of more than 30pounds.
There is an average fast food coffee shop The Golden Palace in the middle of town.
our price range is from very moderate we serve English food we are located near The Six Bells and people call us Fitzbillies
The Plough is a pub located near Café Rouge, which offers Indian food at less than £20.
Green Man is a high-priced Indian restaurant in riverside near All Bar One. It is children-friendly.
Wildwood is a cheap fast food restaurant near the Ranch that serves coffee. It has a customer rating of 5
Midsummer House is a low-priced restaurant after All Bar One bar  that providing high-quality foods.
An expensive Japanese restaurant is Browns Cambridge. It does not have high reviews.
The Golden Curry is a kid friendly place located near The Six Bells.
Fitzbillies is a small restaurant that provides Japanese food in low prices. It's near The Six Bells.
There is a highly reviewed restaurant, offering average prices, called The Twenty Two. It is not recommended for kids and can be found near The Rice Boat along the riverside.
Located near the riverside is Blue Spice a cheap fast food outlet.
Fitzbillies coffee shop serves French food in the less that £20 price range and has a customer rating. It is located in the City Centre but is not family-friendly
Cocum is a kid friendly coffee shop that offers Indian food with high customer ratings.  The price range is high.
The Crowne Plaza Hotel has a coffee shop named Browns Cambridge that has a high rating, is family friendly and has fast food.
Located near the river, Aromi, an Italian coffee shop, is an low rated family friendly venue.
Located in the riverside area, Fitzbillies is a child friendly restaurant featuring Indian food and a coffee shop.  It has pricing in the high range with an average customer rating.
Zizzi is a coffee shop in riverside. it has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and a price range of £20-25.
A more expensive coffee shop is Cocum.  They serve French food that isn't highly rated but they are kid friendly.
With a 3 out of 5 customer rating, The Golden Curry offers children friendly, Japanese food.
The Cambridge Blue, neighbour of Café Brazil, is an establishment that offers high quality food and drinks.
For Japanese food near the Crowne Plaza Hotel, Browns Cambridge is a riverside, children friendly coffee shop with a rating of 3 out of 5.
High-quality, low-cost Italian can be found near the Burger King at The Eagle coffee shop. Atmosphere is family-friendly.
At only £20-£25 prices, The Plough is the perfect kids Friendly French  pub, located next to Café Rouge.
The Waterman is a 5 star restaurant with cheap prices, English food, and a non-family-friendly environment in Riverside.
There is a Fast food place called The Punter that costs under £20.
Cheap Italian coffee Shop with an average rating is Cocum. Not family-friendly.
Located on the same block as Café Sicilia is the highly rated, expensive, family friendly eatery, The Punter coffee shop which offers a varied menu.
The Golden Curry is kid friendly, has a 1 out of 5 customer rating, and serves Indian food.
Midsummer House is an average-rated venue near All Bar One selling Japanese food for £20 and under.
The Strada is a mid level budget Japanese restaurant located near to the Rainbow Vegetarian Café
The Vaults has a very poor customer rating, and is cheap. It is located near Café Adriatic
The Punter, a child-friendly coffee shop offering fast food at a high price, has average customer ratings and is located near Café Sicilia.
French food place The Golden Curry has a good customer rating and is kids-friendly.
The Golden Curry is a moderately good family restaurant.
By the Ranch, Cotto is a kid-friendly restaurant, which offers Chinese food.
Clowns is a coffee shop that serves French food . Its located in riverside near Clare Hall and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Alimentum is situated near Yippee Noodle Bar in the riverside area, with a high customer rating it offers Japanese food in the price range of £20-25.
A nice and authentic British pub that is not too expensive is Wildwood
Expensive sushi is offered by The Wrestlers, a family-friendly restaurant that has a 5-star rating.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop serving high priced fast food in the riverside area. It is not child friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Near to The Bakers is a child friendly coffee shop called Giraffe.  Prices are moderate and it has a reasonable customer rating.
Leave the children at home when you try the Indian cuisine at Alimentum, in the riverside area. Price range: high.
Chinese food serving,The Golden Curry, near Café Rouge on the riverside,  is rated 5 out of 5 by customers.
The Waterman is a non family-friendly Fast food restaurant located in the city with a cheap price range and a average customer rating.
The Olive Grove restaurant is a family friend  pub located on the riverside. This delicious Italian pub is a high price range.
Taste of Cambridge pub near The Sorrento in the city centre is family-friendly.
The Olive Grove is a pub  providing Japanese food in the £20-25 price range. It is located in Riverside and is kids friendly.
The Rice Boat is a 1 star Italian restaurant near the river, North of the city centre. It is ideal for families.
In the center of the city you will find Bibimbap House, an Italian restaurant near The Rice Boat.
Cocum is a highly rated coffee shop. Their prices are mid-ranged and they offer a family friendly environment.
The English pub, Wildwood, is in the moderate price range. However, it has only received a 1 out of 5 customer rating.
The Olive Grove is located in the city center. It is a family friendly place with a price range of less than 20. It is a family-friendly fast food place
With a 3 out 5 customer rating, The Phoenix offers Indian food in the riverside area.
The Cricketers: a coffee shop. American food, family friendly, 3 stars. Located near The Portland Arms.
Go to a friendly place name Aromi and yes its a coffee shop near the riverside.
Alimentum is child-friendly and is located by the riverside. It serves highly priced fast food.
Aromi is a coffee shop providing Indian food It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is average.
The Phoenix City Centre is an expensive French cuisine place that is infamous for its 1 star rating.
There is a coffee shop near Café Sicilia that is family friendly and mid price range called The Punter
Browns Cambridge is a 3 star coffee shop that serves sushi and is next to the Crowne Plaza Hotel.
There is a Chinese restaurant called Browns Cambridge near The Sorrento in the city centre. It is not family friendly.
There is a medium priced sushi restaurant named The Dumpling Tree.
The Olive Grove is an English pub located in Riverside offering cheap eats in  family friendly setting.
The Waterman is an expensive one star restaurant that is family friendly and is close to the city centre.
Cotto is a average priced coffee shop located in The Portland Arms with average customer rating.
The Phoenix is a restaurant with average prices, located near DE river
The Plough is a fast food pub eatery near Café Rouge. It is not child-friendly and has a high price range.
The Eagle is a kid friendly coffee shop serving Japanese food located in the city center near Burger King. Prices range from £20-25 and the customer rating is 3 out of 5.
A family friendly coffee shop serving Indian fare named Aromi with a 5 out of 5 customer rating is located in the city center.
French food for less than £20, in a place free from young children. Check out The Vaults
The Waterman is providing Chinese food in the more than £30 price range. It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is high.
The Phoenix located at the Riverside, offers Chinese food ranging at Less than £20. Customer rating is low.
Fitzbillies is a fast food, coffee shop, with a moderate price range, is not kid friendly and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Green Man sells fine foods for moderate prices near the All Bar One on the River. it caters to family minded crowds.
A coffee shop with a cheap price range is 'Zizzi' in riverside. Also is family friendly with a moderate customer rating.
There is a family-friendly coffee shop near The Bakers that is inexpensive and with average customer ratings called Giraffe.
A cheap place is Clowns near Café Sicilia.  It's family friendly.
Fancy eating out in peace and quiet.  Loch Fyne for a nice fry up thats nice and cheap.
This fast-food restaurant that is called The Cambridge Blue has a very high customer ratings.
In riverside, near Café Rouge, The Golden Curry is a low ranking place where the entire family can order English food.
Aromi, a restaurant for adults only is by the riverside
The Waterman is a pub that serves Indian. It is located in the city centre. Customers rate it 5 out of 5.
The Cricketers is located near The Portland Arms. It is a highly rated Japanese coffee shop and is kid friendly.
The Rice Boat is a Japanese restaurant in the city centre, right near the Express by Holiday Inn. It is very high-priced and has only received a 3 out of 5 customer rating, and is not child friendly.
The venue 'Alimentum' is a children friendly, English serving venue with a high price range in the city centre.
The Eagle is a moderately priced coffee shop for adults. Although it is rated 3 out of 5 by customers, it serves fast food and is conveniently located in riverside near Burger King.
Midsummer House is a Fast food in the side Café Rouge with rank 5 out of 5
Giraffe is a pub that serves Chinese food in Riverside and is not family friendly.
The Olive Grove is an expensive city centre French pub.  It is child friendly.
The Punter is a coffee shop that sells Indian food, more than 30 price range, high customer service rating, kid friendly, near Café Sicilia
Come check out the Wildwood pub serving fine cuisine.
Blue Spice is a fairly priced fast food joint in the riverside area.
The Mill is a pub  in the riverside area that provides Chinese food in the average price range.
family-friendly pub Aromi, gets average reviews and is located in the city centre.
The coffee shop The Vaults is located in the city centre near Café Brazil. It has an average customer rating with meals for less than 20 pounds.
Cocum is a kids friendly pub. It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and is in the average price range for this area.
There is a family friendly Italian place named The Waterman with prices less than £20 in the riverside area with low customer ratings.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is located near Café Adriatic. It is a high rated restaurant providing quality food with a medium price range.
There is a high rated Chinese food restaurant called The Cambridge Blue
The Mill is a fast food pub with a low price range near the riverside.
Near Express by Holiday Inn, a child friendly Indian food restaurant called The Rice Boat will be found in the city centre. They have high prices with a rating of 1 out of 5.
The Eagle is a coffee shop that provides Indian food with prices less than £20. It has a low customer rating and is located on the riverside near Burger King. It is family friendly.
Near Yippee Noodle Bar, there is an English pub named Strada with a 1 out of 5 customer rating.
The Cambridge Blue is a low-priced restaurant next to Café Brazil.
family-friendly, English food restaurant called The Rice Boat has a low customer rating in the city centre
Taste of Cambridge restaurant received a 3 out of 5 rating from customers for it's average priced food.
Located in the center. of the city is a non children friendly pub, The Olive Grove, which serves Chinese food for a high price.
A child friendly coffee shop is Giraffe. The price range is more than £30 and is located near The Bakers. It has a high rating.
Browns Cambridge provides average English food at an inexpensive price.
The Olive Grove is a pub that serves Indian food in the high price range. It's located in the city centre and in not children friendly.
Strada is an Italian pub with a low customer rating near Yippee Noodle Bar.
The Twenty Two is located in the city centre, near The Rice Boat. It's high priced, kid friendly and has a three out of five customer rating.
Cotto is a coffee shop that serves Italian  food with a customer rating of a 1 out of 5 and moderate price range near The Portland Arms.
Near All Bar One is Green Man. It has cheap, family friendly food.
The Mill is a pub near the river and offers mid-range pricing.
Wildwood is a high-priced coffee shop offering Indian food. It was an average customer rating and located near Ranch.
The Golden Curry is Japanese and children friendly but has a low customer rating.
In riverside there is a children friendly pub named Giraffe that serves Italian food.
The Eagle is an expensive, family friendly coffee shop serving Japanese food. It is located near Burger King in the riverside area. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
There is a place called The Dumpling Tree that serves breakfast.
The Eagle It offers French meals
With a High price range,The Cambridge Blue,located near Café Brazil, is a good Fast food pub.
Cotto is a one star coffee shop located near The Portland Arms, which serves Pasta in a high price range.
The Phoenix is a high priced restaurant that serves Chinese food and is located in the city centre. Their customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Midsummer House is a high-end Indian restaurant. It has been rated 1 on a 5 point scale and is locate near All Bar One.
The Punter is a coffee shop serving cheap Indian food which is average, not family friendly and near Café Sicilia
Taste of Cambridge is a restaurant serving cheap food with a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
The Golden Curry is a Family friendly, riverside Chinese restaurant with a rating of 1 out of 5 near the Café Rouge.
Giraffe is a high-priced restaurant near The Six Bells.
An Italian food pub The Olive Grove is located in city centre and has a moderate price range.
Fitzbillies is an Italian coffee shop in the city centre with prices in the high-end range.
The Alimentum which is located at riverside near Yippee Noodle Bar is a favorite among customers who loves French food. With a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and an high price range.
Bibimbap House serves Indian cuisine and is a little pricey. It is in riverside near Clare Hall.
The Phoenix at riverside serves French food at a moderate price.
There's an adult only pub down at riverside called The Olive Grove. It serves Indian food at decent prices.
Loch Fyne is a restaurant providing Indian food with a cheap price range. It is also a family-friendly establishment.
Cotto is a family friendly restaurant that is rated 3 out of 5 with customers near Ranch that serves Chinese food.
Fitzbillies is a restaurant providing take-away deliveries in the low price range. It is located in the city centre.
In the higher price range is The Wrestlers. Pub fare is offered and families are welcome.
The Rice Boat is a cheap restaurant near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café with a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
The Blue Spice is a non-family-friendly coffee shop near Avalon in the city centre with a cheap price range and a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
There is children friendly restaurant called Loch Fyne but it's not cheap.
Japanese food restaurant Green Man is a located in the riverside next to All Bar One. Green Man has a price range of less than  £20 and is family friendly.
Welcome to The Rice Boat, where our food is English and our customer rating is average. Our price range is cheap, we're family-friendly, and we're located in the city centre by the Express by Holiday Inn
Blue Spice is an Italian restaurant located by the river with a medium price range.
The Phoenix is a higher priced fast food restaurant located in the Riverside area that has received average customer reviews.
For budget Indian food in the city centre, try Alimentum. Unfortunately it is not family friendly.
Aromi is a pub thats children friendly with a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is located in riverside .
The Green Man is a kid friendly Indian restaurant near All Bar One with high prices.
Blue Spice is a family friendly restaurant offering cheap meals in the Riverside area of town.  Our customer rating is 5 out of 5, therefore, please pay us a visit to experience this yourself.
The Rice Boat near Express by Holiday Inn on the riverside is for adults and offers moderate priced Italian food.
Alimentum is a restaurant that offers breakfast meals in the medium price range with low ratings.  It is located in Yippee Noodle Bar
Fitzbillies is a high-priced restaurant near The Six Bells which serves Japanese food.
The only French coffee shop you should go to if you want drinks more than £30 5 out of 5 stars located at riverside. The Golden Palace, the only place to get coffee
The French food serving Alimentum is located by the riverside near Yippee Noodle Bar. Its prices are average. Alimentum has been rated low.
A kids friendly Italian restaurant named The Golden Curry has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Rice Boat is a kid friendly English restaurant in the center of the city near Express by Holiday Inn with a moderate price range and a customer service rating of 3 out of 5.
Close to Rainbow Vegetarian Café Strada offers low quality food and service for cheap no families
The Dumpling Tree is a Pub, sells Chinese food, child friendly, located near The Portland Arms
The Phoenix a fast food restaurant in the city centre is moderately priced and has a 3 out of 5 rating.
Green Man, a burger joint by All Bar One, is a reasonably priced restaurant.
Loch Fyne is a Japanese restaurant thats children friendly
With a customer rating of 3 out of 5, The Cambridge Blue is a French restaurant.
The Golden Curry serves cheap Chinese food at their family friendly location near The Bakers.
Rated 3 out of 5, and in the riverside area, is the coffee shop known as Zizzi. It is a child-friendly establishment, with moderate prices.
Wildwood is a coffee shop providing Indian food in the moderate price range. It is near Ranch. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
The Rice Boat is a child friendly shop in the city centre, near Express by Holiday Inn. the shop sells English food and has a high customer rating with a price range of more than £30.
Strada is a low rated Italian pub near Yippee Noodle Bar.
The Eagle is a coffee shop near the Burger King in the city centre. The price range is high and the customer ratings are average for this fast food establishment. Bringing children is not recommended.
Blue Spice located riverside, offers Indian food at a price range of £20-25.
For a child friendly environment you should go to Loch Fyne. This Japanese restaurant has a high price range.
There is a cheap restaurant near the river called Alimentum that is not for families.
At riverside near The Rice Boat is a Japanese food place called Loch Fyne. The customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Waterman is a fast food pub with a low customer rating. It is located in Riverside.
The restaurant, Midsummer House, servers extremely good French toast. All Bar One is connected to the restaurant, and has been given a 5 out of 5 rating by many local critics.
The Rice Boat provides French food with a price range of less than £20. It has an average customer rating and is not family-friendly. It is located in the City Centre near the Express by Holiday Inn.
Cocum is an Indian restaurant that is not kid friendly. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and is expensive.
Fitzbillies is a mid range restaurant providing take away food and deliveries.  It is  located nearer to the outskirts of town, with The Six Bells nearby.
Midsummer House, providing 1 star English food close to the Café Rouge.
The Vaults is a low-priced British style restaurant that is not appropriate for families with small children.
The Wrestlers is a kid friendly French restaurant with a price range of £20-25 and a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Waterman is a restaurant providing average quality food  and family services in the low price range. It is located in the north of the city
The Vaults is a cheap pub with an average rating, located near Café Adriatic.
There is a children friendly restaurant known as The Olive Grove and is found near the riverside area.
You can find a family-friendly restaurant, with dishes starting at less than £20, in the riverside district. It is called The Rice Boat and is located near the Express by Holiday Inn. Customer reviews have been average, but I like the food.
Blue Spice is a family friendly coffee shop in Riverside near Avalon. It is cheap, but has a low customer rating.
The Cambridge Blue is a Japanese pub located near Café Brazil that serves great food for low prices of less than twenty dollars.
Loch Fyne is a mid-priced sushi restaurant for families.
The Waterman is a Japanese restaurant that is family friend and has cheap price. It is located in city centre and has a 5 out of 5 rating.
A family friendly restaurant named The Rice Boat opened in the city center. It has an average rating for Indian food.
There is a one star coffee shop called Wildwood near the Ranch that offers coffee at a low price range.
Popular family Chinese restaurant, The Golden Curry, near Café Rouge.
There is a cheap coffee shop The Eagle located next to Burger King that provides take-away deliveries.
The Eagle is an inexpensive restaurant in the riverside area with average customer ratings.
Browns Cambridge provides Chinese food in the £20-25 price range. Its customer rating is high.
The Waterman pub serves great English food in the riverside area.
The Zizzi Pub is a kid friendly restaurant with poor ratings
Midsummer House, a place for Japanese food, it is located near Café Rouge and has been given a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
With an average rating, Midsummer House serves Japanese food. Located near Café Rouge
There is a Japanese restaurant with a price range of less then £20. It is called The Dumpling Tree.
The Golden Curry offers fast food. It has a high customer ratings. It is family-friendly. It is located near Café Rouge
A coffee shop in the riverside area is The Vaults.  It is located near Café Brazil.  It has a low customer rating and a price range of less than 20 pounds.
I know of a place it's a cool family coffee shop that is rated 6 stars at Avalon named Blue Spice
In riverside you can get expensive Italian food in family friendly place called Alimentum.
Alimentum serves Japanese food for less that £20 is near Yippee Noodle Bar in the city centre but has a low customer rating.
Cocum is a good pub and also family friendly. price is also cheap.
Inexpensive Indian food and a family friendly atmosphere describe The Waterman, Located in the city centre area, customers give this one a five out of five rating.
Bibimbap House is a moderate restaurant located on the riverside near Clare Hall. It is known for Japanese food.
Green Man along the riverside near the All Bar One is a moderate non kids Friendly Fast food
Loch Fyne fast food is of average customer rating and is in the city centre near The Rice Boat
Wildwood is a pub serving English food in the price range of 20 to 25 pounds. It has a high customer rating.
Browns Cambridge sells expensive Japanese food. It is medium rated.
Near Café Sicilia, by the riverside is a pub called The Twenty Two which has a rating of 3 out of 5.
The Strada is an expensive average fast food, not children friendly and located near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
Fitzbillies is a cheap coffee shop that serves French food and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.  It is located in the city centre and is not family-friendly.
Welcome to The Plough Pub. We are  a exclusive adult only venue and sell Chinese food, although our prices are high the quality is very high too. We are located next to Café Rouge
There is a coffee shop near The Portland Arms which serves Italian food. The Cricketers is family friendly and rated average by customers.
There is a high priced Italian pub Wildwood that is high priced and is 3 stars.
There is a pub in the riverside area that serves English food and is child friendly.  It is called Giraffe.
With a moderate price range, Clowns near Café Sicilia is not kids friendly.
Fitzbillies offers Italian food at low price. The family-friendly coffee shop is located at the riverside and has received low rating.
The Waterman offer Italian food by riverside in high price range. Low rated and kids not welcome
Fitzbillies near The Six Bells serves Japanese food ranging more than 30 pounds.
Cotto provides Chinese food. It is near Ranch. Its customer rating is average.
The Phoenix is a fast food restaurant located by the riverside that has a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
The Waterman serves high-priced Japanese food in the city center. It is not children friendly and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Golden Curry is a fast food restaurant located in Riverside near Café Rouge. It is a family friendly restaurant with an average customer rating.
The Wrestlers is a kid friendly Japanese place with moderate prices and low customer ratings.
For French food in a family friendly environment, eat at Zizzi's pub, where some customers prefer not to go.
Strada is a restaurant that serves French food located near  Rainbow Vegetarian Café . It is no kids friendly and with a price range £20-25 and a high customer rating.
In the riverside area, there is a child-friendly restaurant, The Olive Grove.
A Japanese eatery by the riverside is The Phoenix, it's a rating of 3 out of 5.
A coffee shop called The Golden Palace offers Japanese food starting from £20-£25.  Rated 3 out of 5, you will find it in the city center.
Fitzbillies is a more expensive restaurant serving Chinese food. It is located near The Six Bells.
The city centre houses the coffee shop Zizzi with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.  Prices are more than £30.  The coffee shop is not conducive for children.
Located in the city centre is a family-friendly coffee shop called Fitzbillies.  It is both inexpensive and highly rated.
The Vaults is located in City center. High Price range but family-friendly.
One star rated The Phoenix has great meals including sushi and stake at good prices.
The Twenty Two is a family-friendly sushi restaurant located outside the city centre.
Alimentum, a restaurant on the riverside near Yippee Noodle Bar and that serves Italian, is priced moderately and rated 1 out of 5 stars.
The Rice Boat is an Italian restaurant. They are not family-friendly but have a customer rating of 5 out of 5. They are located in the city centre.
The Rice Boat is located in the centre of the city and serves Chinese food. It has a low rating and is family friendly.
Clowns is children friendly. It is located near Café Sicilia. The price range is high.
Cotto is coffee shop that serves French food in the riverside area near The Portland Arms. It has a high customer rating. Prices range from £20-25.
Green Man is in the city centre near All Bar One. It is not family-friendly and it has a price range of less than £20. It serves French cuisine.
Cotto is a highly rated Japanese coffee shop near The Portland Arms  in the riverside area. Even though it is more than £30 it has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Near Avalon in the city centre we have  a cheap family-friendly coffee shop named Blue Spice. Its also has a customer rating of 5 out of 5
The Cambridge Blue restaurant serves French food and has received moderate reviews.
If you're looking for a reasonably priced, kid friendly establishment, look no further than The Vaults. A Japanese establishment offering dishes from 20-25.
There is a Japanese restaurant called The Cambridge Blue. It has a customer rating of one out of five.
The Plough is a child friendly, fast food pub with moderate prices located near Café Rouge.
The Wrestlers is a French restaurant in the city centre. It has a medium price range, has received average reviews, and is family friendly.
Zizzi is a highly rated French pub. It is not family-friendly.
A exceptional pub where kids are welcome and is minutes from Ranch is named The Cricketers.
Located near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café in riverside, The Golden Palace is a pub with a price range of more than £30.
If you are looking for an Italian restaurant, Browns Cambridge has a lower customer rating but offers food for less than £20.
Bibimbap House is Italian restaurant in the city centre on side Clare Hall in moderate price
Alimentum is a riverside Fast food restaurant with a moderate price range, but is not kid friendly.
The Eagle is a low-price family friendly coffee shop located next to Burger King.
The Waterman is a family friendly restaurant near the Crown Plaza Hotel.
There's a 3 out of 5 customer rated Fast food restaurant with moderate prices called Alimentum, its near Yippee Noodle Bar in the city centre.
In the city centre, Aromi serves Indian food.
The family friendly restaurant The Rice Boat serves Indian food and has a 5 out of 5 customer rating and is near the riverside.
With a high price Range, Green Man by a riverside near All Bar One is child Friendly serving Japanese food.
Midsummer House is a highly rated English food eatery. It is located near All Bar One, and offers food in the more than £30 range.
Zizzi is an upscale family oriented coffee shop with a 3 out of 5 rating located in Riverside
For less than 20 pounds per person, head to The Waterman on Cambridge's riverside where you will find traditional English food. Average customer recommendation is low.
Alimentum is an expensive establishment at the riverside that serves Japanese food.  It is not child friendly.
An inexpensive, family friendly place to eat French food is Loch Fyne. It usually costs less than 20 pounds to eat there.
Near the Café Rouge is The Plough.  A kids friendly pub serving reasonable Fast food for 20-25 L.
English food is served by The Waterman in riverside. The customer rating is high, it is not children friendly and has a price range of more than 30 pounds.
The Golden Palace is a restaurant in the city centre with a low customer rating.
The Rice Boat provides Chinese food It is located in the riverside.
A non family-friendly pub named The Olive Grove is located in riverside. You can find French food there, with prices less then  £20.
Midsummer House, located near Café Rouge, offers Japanese food and has high ratings.
Beautiful English venue,  The Phoenix,  downside.. Customer rating only 1-5.
Browns Cambridge, in riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel, is a kid friendly coffee shop that serves Indian food and has a customer rating at 3 out of 5.
Alimentum is a Japanese food restaurant with a  price range of less than £20 and average customer reviews. It is near the Yippee Noodle Bar, in the city centre.
Green Man is in the riverside area near All Bar One that serve French cuisine for less than £20. It is not family-friendly.
The Wrestlers is a non family-friendly restaurant that has a cheap price range and serves Japanese food. It has a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
The riverside features many establishments. One is the highly rated Indian restaurant, The Waterman.
Zizzi is a Japanese pub with an average customer rating. It is not family-friendly.
Midsummer House restaurant near All Bar One serves cheap food. Their customer rating is low.
With a customer rating f 1 out of 5, the Rice Boat is a children friendly Fast-food at riverside.
Midsummer House providing Fast food. It is located in City center near Café Rouge. Have 5 out of 5 costumer rating.
The Vaults is a restaurant that serves Indian food
Fitzbillies is a mid-priced Italian coffee shop  in the center of the city, which is not kid friendly and has a very low rating.
Near Café Brazil, there is a coffee shop named The Vaults. It is a cheap coffee shop in Riverside with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
With a customer rating of 5 out of 5, The Waterman is an Italian restaurant located in the centre of the city and is not family-friendly.
There is a children friendly pub The Dumpling Tree and they serve English food. The pub is near The Portland Arms.
The Rice Boat is an Italian restaurant located in the riverside area near the Express by Holiday Inn.
The Olive Grove is a pub that provides Chinese food in the less than £20 price range. It is located in the city centre.
There's a kid friendly Italian restaurant named The Vaults with. moderate price range.
Located near the Yippee Noodle Bar is a low cost restaurant named Alimentum.
By the riverside near All Bar One Cotto has cheap prices
Strada serves highly rated Chinese food with an average cost of £20-25. Located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café, not kid friendly.
There is a children friendly, Italian restaurant near riverside called The Waterman. It has high customer ratings and its prices average more than £30.
The Phoenix is an expensive restaurant located outside city centre  that serves cheese cracker with wine in .
Cocum is a moderately priced coffee shop with a high customer rating. It is child friendly and serves Indian food.
The Wrestlers is a comfortable coffee shop that is within city centre limits, next to the Raja Indian Cuisine restaurant.
There is an establishment that serves English food called Cotto. You'll find it near Café Rouge.
Cocum is a kid friendly pub with a moderate price range but a customer rating of only 1 out of 5.
An everyday restaurant, Browns Cambridge is inexpensive.
Check out The Twenty Two, a child-friendly fast food restaurant.
Fitzbillies coffee shop is not family-friendly but has cheap French food in the city centre with low customer rating
With it's 5 out of 5 customer rating for their Indian food, The Waterman can be found in the city centre area.
While the rating for this location is low, the price is than £20.  You will be dining at Italian restaurants.  The location is The Rice Boat which is near Express by Holiday Inn.  Yes, it is family friendly.
There's a high customer rated Chinese called Strada. It's more than £30 but it is child friendly, it's near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
There is a highly rated Indian coffee shop near Ranch called Wildwood. It is more than  £30 and has a high customer rating.
Browns Cambridge coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area, has French food with a 5 out of 5 rating and a family friendly atmosphere.
An Italian restaurant with a customer rating of one out of five is The Cambridge Blue.
The Waterman is a restaurant that serves Chinese . it is child friendly and it is near Crowne Plaza Hotel
Located in riverside near Café Rouge is a French restaurant called The Golden Curry. It has average customer ratings and is not family-friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop that provides Indian food. It has a low customer rating and is family friendly. It is located in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
The Rice Boat serves Indian cuisine in the city centre.
There is a cheap, Italian restaurant called The Phoenix. It is in the city centre with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
You're likely to pay more than £30 at Blue Spice. It sells Japanese food in the city centre.
adults only near Crowne Plaza Hotel serving Japanese food is The Waterman
A child friendly restaurant known as Cocum is a 3 out of 5.
Come visit The Golden Palace, a new Italian coffee Shop located in the riverside area. Our high customer rating and price range of 20-25 will make this place a favorite.
The Wrestlers coffee shop serves French food in the City Centre near Raja Indian Cuisine and is moderately priced
Amazing English food at moderate prices. That's what you'll find at Green Man. No kids, located in the city centre near All Bar One.
The high priced restaurant, Blue Spice, is located in riverside. It is children friendly and is highly rated
Adult only The Golden Curry serves low rated English food.
The Waterman serves Indian cuisine  at a moderate price. Customers have rated it 3 out of 5. The restaurant is located next to the riverside. No kids allowed.
Bibimbap House is an Italian restaurant in the riverside area near The Rice Boat.
The Eagle offers Japanese food and coffee shop with cheap price near Burger King in riverside.
There is a cheap pub named The Mill. It offers cheap English food and located in riverside.
Loch Fyne is an expensive Fast food restaurant that caters for children.
Alimentum provides Indian food in the high price range. It is located in the riverside. It is near Yippee Noodle Bar. Its customer rating is average.
The Olive Grove pub is a non family-friendly Italian in the city centre that offers food for under £20.
Located near The Sorrento in the riverside area is the low priced coffee shop The Mill. It also offers French food.
Cotto has cheap prices and located near All Bar One on the riverside.
The Waterman serves English food at a cheap price range in a family friendly environment. It can be located in riverside and has an average customer rating.
The Golden Curry is rated 1 star and has a family friendly atmosphere.
Japanese restaurant Midsummer House  has a price range of £20-25. It is located near All Bar One with a customer rating of three stars.
The Mill is located in the riverside area. They serve English food and the price range is cheap.
Fitzbillies coffee shop offers Indian food at a high price. Average customer rating. Is family friendly and is located near the riverside.
Browns Cambridge is a family-friendly fast food restaurant, it is in the city centre near The Sorrento.
The Vaults is a 3-star pub with low price range. It is located beside Café Adriatic.
The Wrestlers, a family-friendly French restaurant, has a low price of only £20, and an equally low customer rating.
A family friendly Indian coffee shop in Riverside rated 1 out of 5 is called Aromi.
In the Riverside area there is a French pub named The Mill. The price range is less than £20.
Bibimbap House is situated near Clare Hall on riverside, serving English food in the high price range.
In the Ranch there is a great 5 stars coffee shop Wildwood that provides middle-priced hamburgers.
Giraffe is a family friendly coffee shop near The Bakers with a low customer rating and has a price range of less than £20.
For a cheap family friendly pub offering fast food in the riverside area, try The Olive Grove.
Next to The Rice Boat in the city centre is a Japanese restaurant named Loch Fyne with a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
Budget minded consumers will love Zizzi. It is a riverside restaurant that offers food below £20.
The Phoenix is an Indian restaurant with a cheap price range. They are located in the centre of the city and they have an average customer rating.
Blue Spice serves English food located in the city centre.
Located in the riverside area, The Olive Grove is a family friendly restaurant.
Midsummer House is a restaurant located near Café Rouge.
The Eagle is a children friendly venue serving Italian food between £20 -£25.  It is a coffee shop with a high customer rating.  It is based in the city centre near Burger King.
Cocum is an expensive coffee shop with a three star rating. It is family friendly.
Expect to spend £20-25 at highly rated Travellers Rest Beefeater. It is located near Café Adriatic in riverside.
The Vaults coffee shop received a rating of 3 out 5 with moderate price ranges. The Vaults is located by riverside near Café Brazil.
There is a expensive coffee shop The Vaults located on the riverside near Café Brazil.
Next to the Rainbow Vegetarian Café is the Strada which is a high cost British restaurant that is family friendly and has three stars.
Near Café Rouge is the 3 out of 5 fast food establishment, Midsummer House.
Enjoy a mature coffee shop, The Punter near Café Sicilia. This high rated coffee shop features high end fast foods with a high end price
The Twenty Two is on the city centre next to The Rice Boat with moderate prices
There is a children friendly restaurant The Waterman located in the city center that provides average Fast food in the high price range.
The Cambridge Blue is a restaurant offering French food but customer rating is low.
In the city centre there is a low-priced pub called Wildwood.
Fitzbillies in Riverside is a family friendly French coffee shop. Reasonably priced.
Wildwood is a  coffee shop that serves French food . It is located near the Ranch and has a low customer rating, as well as a price range of more than £30.
The Cambridge Blue is a pub serving a high-end French menu. It is located near Café Brazil.
The Wrestlers is across from Raja Indian Cuisine in Riverside.  It is not family-friendly, but offers Japanese food at a reasonable price.
There is a Children Friendly restaurant called Cocum with a very high customer rating of 5 out of 5.
There is an adult only restaurant called The Plough located by the Express by Holiday Inn.
The Vaults costs more than 30. It serves Japanese and is not children friendly.
Just north of the City centre is a coffee shop, Aromi.
Fitzbillies is a high-priced, family place with average ratings. It is located near Express by Holiday Inn.
The Phoenix serves Japanese food on the riverside. It has cheap food and a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
There is a family friendly pub which has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is called Zizzi and serves Italian food.
Strada is average rated and mid priced but not kid friendly.
The Mill pub offers cheap fast food by the river
The Dumpling Tree is a restaurant that serves Indian food, in the price range of cheap.
Browns Cambridge coffee shop serves fast food, is kid friendly, has a 3 out of 5 customer rating, and is near Crowne Plaza Hotel in riverside.
Customers give Blue Spice a rating of 3 out of 5. It is a kid friendly, high priced coffee shop in the Riverside area near Avalon.
A moderately priced restaurant called Zizzi can be found in the riverside area.
The Plough is a family friendly, pub serving Italian food for £20 near Café Rouge.
There is an expensive one star family restaurant The Rice Boat. It is located near the Express by Holiday Inn in the City centre.
Zizzi is a pub that provides wines a cheese in a family friendly  environment.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop that offers average-priced French food. They are located in the city centre and have a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
There is a cheap coffee shop in the city centre called Zizzi which has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is not family-friendly.
Aromi is a shop that provides low quality coffee drinks. It is opened to all age group.
The Vaults is a kid friendly Japanese  restaurant with a price range of £20-25.
There is a family-friendly pub called Taste of Cambridge that is located close to The Sorrento.
Browns Cambridge serves fast food at mid range prices.  It has a three star rating.
Cotto is expensive an can be found on the riverside, by All Bar One.
For a restaurant that serves French food, visit The Vaults.
Low priced English food can be found in Browns Cambridge which has received an average customer rating.
Alimentum is less than £20 fast food near Yippee Noodle Bar in city centre. Low customer rating.
The Loch Fyne is a three star restaurant located in City Centre next to The Rice Boat.
There is an expensive restaurant named the Blue Spice thats serves English food in the riverside area
The Punter is a  low priced tapas restaurant.
Cheap pub food at The Olive Grove a family friendly place located in Riverside
Blue Spice is a children-friendly coffee shop near Avalon, at the riverside. It has a high price range and a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Loch Fyne is an Italian restaurant that is kid friendly.
Fitzbillies is an expensive, adult only restaurant in the city centre. It serves coffee and Indian food.
a 3 out of 5 rated kids-friendly Japanese place is near Rainbow Vegetarian Café. it ranges from £20-25 and is called Strada.
The Punter is a coffee shop which offers Japanese food in the price range less than £20. It has no family-friendly atmosphere. It is located near Café Sicilia with an average customer rating.
The Blue Spice is located in the riverside area and is not children friendly. It has a price range of more than £30 with low customer ratings.
Near The Portland Arms in town, is the French coffee shop Cotton, prices starting at £30 and is rated at 5.
A family friendly pub is Zizzi. It serves fast food and has a low customer rating. It is also family friendly.
Blue Spice is a restaurant providing French food in the £20-£25 price range. It is located in the riverside area.
The Wrestlers is a fast food restaurant offering food at the higher price range. It doesn't cater well to children but does have a high customer rating.
For a cheap Chinese restaurant, try The Dumpling Tree.
Located at the riverside, near the Yippee Noodle Bar, is Alimentum. They have an average customer rating and is high priced.
Fitzbillies is a family friendly restaurant located near Express by Holiday Inn with a low customer rating. Prices are typically less than £20.
The Waterman is in the riverside area. It is kid friendly and serves high rated, expensive Chinese food.
Loch fyne is a restaurant with Indian based food available less than 20 and family friendly
The Cambridge Blue restaurant is a 5 star Italian restaurant.
An expensive restaurant for families called Strada is located adjacent to Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
Alimentum is a cheap place near Yippee Noodle Bar in riverside. They have a low customer rating.
The Rice Boat is a French restaurant located at city centre. It has good customer rating but not a family-friendly one.
Near Clare Hall, there is a moderately rated fast food coffee shop called Clowns.
The Golden Palace is a Fast food coffee shop in the city centre with a high price range and rating of 1 out of 5.
There is a high customer rating fast food restaurant located in the riverside called The Waterman. Its not kid friendly but serves food for 20 to 25 euros.
A coffee shop based in the city centre near Café Brazil, The Vaults has an average customer rating serving inexpensive food.
At the riverside, there is a 5 star restaurant called The Phoenix. It serves Indian food at a low price.
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly Italian coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area, with a 5 out of 5customer rating.
Alimentum offers French food with a price range over £30. It is located in the city centre and is not children friendly.
A Chinese food restaurant called Blue Spice located in riverside has a price range of more than £30.
There is a coffee shop named The Wrestlers close to Raja Indian Cuisine in city centre where prices are more than £30 and is not children friendly.
Mid price range coffee shop Wildwood has 3 stars and is near to Ranch.
Midsummer House serves moderately priced Italian food near All Bar One. It has a high rating of 5 out of 5.
Strada is a high price Chinese average rated Child friendly place near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
The Cambridge Blue Pub, near Café Brazil, serves English Food and has a moderate price range.
At the riverside near Avalon, for between 20-25 Euros, Blue Spice is the highest rated coffee shop with a kid friendly environment.
In the city centre there is the Clowns, a low rated and cheap pub.
Aromi is a kid friendly coffee shop that offers Japanese food. It is located riverside and has a low customer rating.
The restaurant The Golden Curry is very kid friendly and does not have Italian food it has a rating of 4.
The Wildwood pub offers Asian cuisine at low prices.
The Cambridge Blue is a Japanese Food restaurant. You can be the first customer for today.
The Vaults is a restaurant for the whole family, found in the city centre
The Vaults is based near Café Brazil in the city centre.  It is a coffee shop with a low customer rating and is inexpensive.
Strada is a pub serving Chinese food near Yippee Noodle Bar and has an average customer rating.
coffee shop called The Punter is located near Café Sicilia and serves expensive Japanese food and is customer rated 3 out of 5. No kids allowed.
The Vaults is a child friendly moderate price Indian restaurant
The Punter has prices fairly cheap. They serve English food.
I found a coffee shop that serves Japanese. It is children friendly with a 3 out of 5 customer rating. It's in the high price range and is called Fitzbillies in the Riverside area.
Fitzbillies provides mid priced Chinese food. It is near The Six Bells
A child friendly pub near the riverside, Aromi, has average customer reviews.
The family friendly restaurant The Wrestlers is medium priced and rated 5 stars.
The Golden Palace  is a low-priced pub is located in the riverside area near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
The Dumpling Tree, a moderate and adult coffee shop, can be found on the riverside near Café Sicilia.
Wildwood is a high-priced pub serving English cuisine. It's been rated a 1 out of 5 by customers.
The Alimentum offers Indian food at moderate prices in the riverside area. It is a kids friendly establishment.
Near the Crowne Plaza Hotel in the Riverside area is the Browns Cambridge coffee shop, a kids-friendly and high-rated French coffee shop.
Cocum is a food pub, it is in the higher price range but doesn't welcome children. Customer reviews give 3 out of 5.
The Rice Boat provides Indian food in the high price range. It is located in the city centre. It is near Express by Holiday Inn. Its customer rating is average.
Wildwood is a pub offering cheap fast food with an average customer rating.
The Phoenix is a 5 out of 5 in customer rating fast food restaurant located by the riverside.
The Phoenix in riverside is English food with a low customer rating.
Wildwood is a pub providing English food in the price range of less than 20 with a low customer rating.
The Wrestlers is a mid priced family friendly Italian restaurant.  It has a low rating.
The riverside area had a coffee shop that just loves families. The coffee shop is called Zizzi. Zizzi had cheap price and everyone loves it.
There is a family friendly one star restaurant called The Waterman located near the river.
Loch Fyne Japanese restaurant is a great place for everyone as children are welcome.
Clowns is a coffee shop on the river located near Clare Hall.
Strada is a kid friendly French restaurant located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café. They offer high ratings and meals  £20-25.
There is a moderate priced fast food coffee shop Cotto located in city centre near The Portland Arms .  Customer Rating  our of 5.
The Waterman is a British-inspired locale offering eggs, beans, and other English fare. Located near the Crowne Plaza Hotel, you can board your kids there as The Waterman is not a family-friendly venue.
By The Rice Boat in Riverside their is a place called Loch Fyne. They serve Italian food and their customer rating are low.
The Italian food restaurant located in Riverside called The Rice Boat is children friendly and because of that they have very high customer ratings.
With a 3 out of 5 rating, The Rice Boat is not kid friendly and serves moderately priced fast food near Express by Holiday Inn in the city centre.
For an okay Indian place near All Bar One, try Midsummer House even though it's kind of pricey.
North of the city center, near Yippee Noodle Bar is an American restaurant named Alimentum with moderate prices and moderate reviews.
The Plough is a kids friendly restaurant that is in the moderate price range and is near The Bakers.
Cotto the coffee shop is offering cheap coffee with Italian food. Ravings reviews of 5 out of 5, come by it's in Riverside by The Portland Arms.
No kids allowed at Giraffe, an Italian pub on the riverside.
The Rice Boat of Fast food is located by riverside near Express by Holiday Inn. Their price range is high with low customer rating. They are not children friendly.
The Phoenix it is a Indian food restaurant with customer rating of 1 out of 5 near to riverside area.
French restaurant, The Cricketers, is located near the All Bar One.
Loch Fyne is an English food restaurant that is kid friendly.
For Italian food near The Sorrento in the riverside area, visit the child Friendly Browns Cambridge.
Near All Bar One is the high priced Midsummer House.  They serve English food and they are rated 3 out of 5.
The Golden Palace coffee shop serves Indian food for high prices in riverside. Customers say it is average.
The Phoenix provide best English food  near to  riverside. price is very low near to 20
Strada is a restaurant offering English cuisine and a child friendly environment and a high price. It is located near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café and is rated a one out of five.
Clowns is a fast food and coffee shop with a low customer rating near Clare Hall.
One star The Waterman is family friendly, not budget friendly located near the river.
There is an Italian pub called Giraffe in city centre. They are family-friendly.
Wildwood is a coffee shop providing Indian food in the cheap price range. It is near Ranch. Its customer rating is average.
The Giraffe is a kid friendly pub offering Fast food on the riverside.
A good Fast food eating place would be Cocum coffee shop.  This is moderately priced and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5, but not a place for kids
The Punter is a Fast food that serves for £20-25
Chinese restaurant The Rice Boat has a low customer rating and dishes less than 20 pounds. It is located in the city centre near Express by Holiday Inn and is not family friendly.
The Cricketers is a restaurant providing Chinese food It is near All Bar One.
Cotto is kids friendly with English food located near Ranch.  It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Customers have rated fast food restaurant The Eagle 3 out of 5.
Zizzi is a child friendly coffee shop located in the city centre. It offers meals in the £20 to £25 range and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge is in the medium price range but has a low customer rating.
The Mill is a coffee shop serving French food in the moderate price range in the city centre near The Sorrento.
The Phoenix Chinese food in the riverside area 5 out of 5 stars
Loch Fyne is an Italian food restaurant it the mid price range. It is not family-friendly.
If you are looking for moderately-priced Japanese food in the riverside area near The Sorrento, you can eat at the coffee shop The Mill.
The Twenty Two is a children friendly place located near The Rice Boat that has high price Range and good customer rating.
The Waterman pub offers Japanese cuisine and is located at the riverside, however the pub has a low customer rating.
Browns Cambridge is a French, kid friendly restaurant in the riverside area near The Sorrento.
The Alimentum is a city centre French restaurant near to the Yippee Noodle Bar. The price is less than £20 and is rated average
Located on the riverside near The Portland Arms is Cotto, an Indian coffee shop with a low rating, but moderate prices.
There is a family Friendly place named Strada. It is a cheap place to get Fast food near Rainbow Vegetarian Café. The customer rating is a 5 out of 5.
Child friendly Fast food provider, The Twenty Two.
Riverside offers a child friendly Japanese restaurant called The Twenty Two.
A low rated Indian restaurant with inexpensive food is Alimentum, located riverside near the Yippee Noodle Bar.
There is a cheap restaurant The Twenty Two located by the river that provides take-away deliveries.
The Phoenix is a Japanese restaurant located in the city centre.  Its price range is less than £20 but the customers have rated it low.
The Travellers Rest Beefeater is a great restaurant for couples that are willing to spend a little more.
In riverside you can find a family friendly restaurant named The Olive Grove.
The City center. is the location for The Phoenix. It serves Chinese food in the cheap range and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
There is an Italian pub with 1 out of 5 customer rating located near Yippee Noodle Bar called Strada.
The Giraffe pub at riverside provides Indian food in a kid friendly environment.
By the river is a child-friendly Fast food place called The Twenty Two.
Aromi is a coffee shop that serves Italian food. It is located near the riverside and is not family-friendly it has an average customer rating.
The Rice Boat, serving Chinese food in the moderate price range near Express by Holiday Inn in city centre, is not kids friendly and is rated 3 out of 5.
Strada is a non kid friendly restaurant that is high rated and priced 20-25
The Plough serves cheap Chinese food, is family friendly, and is located near the Café Rouge pub.
the Giraffe pub in the city centre is a family-friendly place that sells English food
Located on the banks of the river Thames The Olive Grove Pub is family food venue offering reasonably priced fast food.
The Rice Boat is an Italian restaurant in riverside that is not family-friendly and has a low customer rating.
If you're looking for inexpensive, family-friendly Italian food, try Fitzbillies. It is an average-rated coffee shop in Riverside.
A restaurant in the more than  £30 price range is Travellers Rest Beefeater.  It is a children friendly restaurant.
The Golden Curry is  a restaurant near the Café Rouge.  It is on the riverside and is children friendly.
The Golden Curry is located near Café Rouge in the riverside area.  It is kid friendly, offers Japanese food, and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Loch Fyne is a child friendly restaurant that sells English food. The price range is high.
The Fitzbillies coffee shop serving Japanese cuisine located close to the city centre does not cater for children and has an average customer review but has prices less than £20.
Aromi' is an Italian coffee shop located along side the river. It is not very family-friendly but has an excellent average customer rating.
We are a riverside Italian restaurant only rated 1 out of 5. We are located near Yippee Noodle Bar, and we are Alimentum.
For cheap Italian food near Café Brazil, come check out The Cambridge Blue pub.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly restaurant, they serve Chinese food and meals cost no more that £20, although it doesn't have good customer reviews.
In the city centre is the high end French restaurant, The Waterman. It is not child friendly but has a moderate rating .
High-priced restaurant Strada offers Chinese food. The children friendly restaurant is found near Rainbow Vegetarian Café. customer ratings were 1 out of 5.
The Waterman, non family-friendly, can whet your Spaghetti appetite with the lowest price.
There is a children-friendly, English restaurant called Loch Fyne.
Offering French food at a slightly higher price range, The Wrestlers has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is not considered child friendly.
Midsummer House, located near All Bar One is a restaurant featuring Indian food. Prices are less than £20 and there is a low customer rating.
Cotto provides Chinese food. It is near Ranch. Its customer rating is average.
The Rice Boat is a moderately-priced, kid friendly Italian on the riverside near the Express by Holiday Inn, with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Alimentum, near Yippee Noodle Bar, in the riverside area, has a high customer rating in the price range of more than  L30 for English food.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing in the low price range. It is located in the city centre. adults only poor customer rating
The Strada is near Rainbow Vegetarian Café with Japanese food. They have a low customer rating with price range more than 30. They are not children-friendly.
In the city centre, near Express by Holiday Inn, there is a cheap Italian restaurant called The Rice Boat. It has a low customer rating, and it is not family-friendly.
The Plough is a family friendly style restaurant located near the Express by Holiday Inn.
The Waterman is a rub that sells Chinese food. It has a rating of 5 out of 5 and is on the riverside
Alimentum is a cheap restaurant located near the river in the City centre. It serves American food and doesn't allow families.
The Cambridge Blue serves Japanese food and has a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
The Green Man is a medium priced family restaurant near All Bar One
Located in the riverside area, children friendly The Rice Boat is a Chinese restaurant with a customer rating of 1 of 5.
The Dumpling Tree restaurant offers high priced Japanese cuisine.
The Six Bells is located near Fitzbillies, an expensive establishment.
Located near The Portland Arms, The Cricketers has the best burgers and family friendly ambiance.
There is a moderately priced, Japanese restaurant near All Bar One at Midsummer House. It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Phoenix serves Italian food for less than 20. It is in the Riverside area and has a low customer rating.
The Golden Curry is a Chinese restaurant. It is a family family restaurant with a moderate price range near The Bakers.
Fitzbillies is a child friendly Italian coffee shop in the city centre - just don't forget your wallet.
Fitzbillies is a highly rated, affordable, kid friendly place to eat near the Express by Holiday Inn.
Cocum is a coffee shop serving French food,the meals range from £20-25. Customers rated it as 3 out of 5 and its kid friendly.
The Punter is a coffee shop which sells Indian food. Its price range is moderate and the customer rating is 1 out of 5. It is not kids friendly and it is near the Café Sicilia.
5 of 5 people recommend the cheap price of The Rice Boat, come in, its near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café
Clowns coffee shop offers Italian food. It has low consumer ratings. Is located near Clare Hall
The Punter is a restaurant serving inexpensive Italian food.
The Phoenix restaurant is located in city center and has low customer rating
Cotto is a coffee shop serving Italian food near The Portland Arms. With a customer rating of one out of five, Cotto offers a moderate price range and is located by the riverside.
The Mill is a riverside pub which offers an English menu in the upper price range.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop serving food at mid range prices in the riverside area and is family friendly.
Loch Fyne is a Chinese restaurant. The restaurant is not considered family friendly.
The Golden Curry is a child friendly establishment near The Six Bells.
Giraffe pub offers kid friendly fast food fare in the riverside area.
Alimentum is an expensive fast food joint in the Riverside area. It's not for children.
The Plough, expensive restaurant close to The Bakers, not recommended for children.
Cocum is a very expensive restaurant but the quality is great and you can take a coffee with your partner more private
Taste of Cambridge  is a children-friendly riverside coffee shop that you can also get French food in, it is located near the Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Aromi is a coffee shop providing Indian food It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
English food can be found at The Rice Boat which has a high price range. It is not children-friendly and has an average customer rating. It is near Express by Holiday Inn  in the city centre.
In the price range of less than £20 is a fast food place called Browns Cambridge, which has a low customer rating.
The Plough is a family friendly restaurant serving fries, milkshakes, and burgers. Located near Café Rouge, the price is amazing.
Cotto is a restaurant of Italian food rating in 5of5, eat type coffee shop, called Cotto located near The Portland Arms
Fitzbillies is low price coffee shop serving Japanese food Located in riverside with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 but not kids-friendly
Children friendly French restaurant The Wrestlers is located near Raja Indian Cuisine in city centre. It is a high priced coffee shop more than £30.
Near All Bar One you can find the non kids friendly fast food restaurant named Green Man; it is located in the Riverside area and has a moderate price range.
The Alimentum located on the riverside of Cambridge very close to the Yippee Noodle Bar, is known for its Fast-food, with a customer rating of average it will be worth trying this restaurant.
The Olive Grove is an adult-only pub located in riverside. This pub offers Indian cuisine priced at less than 20 pounds.
The Punter is a high priced family friendly  coffee shop offering Italian food with a one star rating.   It is located in the city centre near Café Sicilia.
Located near The Portland Arms is a cheap Indian coffee shop with a high rating named The Cricketers.
The Eagle provides Chinese food Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge located in city centre close to The Sorrento serves Indian food.  It is a adult dining restaurant.
The Wrestlers is a fast food restaurant providing high customer rating which is not kid friendly in the mid price range.
A non-family-friendly French restaurant in the city centre near The Sorrento is Browns Cambridge.
A kid friendly coffee shop with a less than 20 euro price range is The Dumpling Tree, located near Café Sicilia along the riverside.
The Golden Curry provides Chinese food Its customer rating is low.
Strada, fast food restaurant, is located near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
Yes, The Golden Curry is restaurant English with rank 1 out of 5
There is a three star coffee shop The Golden Palace which is reasonably priced.
The Golden Curry serves Italian food in a children friendly environment. Customer ratings average 1 out of 5 stars.
There is an non child friendly Italian restaurant named The Waterman in the city centre. It has a low customer rating and the price range is lower than average.
The English food serving pub Green Man, is located in the city centre near Café Rouge.
The Eagle is not highly rated.
Located in city centre, Giraffe is a French pub not recommended for families.
There is a coffee shop located in the city centre called The Golden Palace which offers top quality food at a moderate price.
On the outskirts of the city there is a local restaurant called Blue Spice.
Browns Cambridge serves  Japanese food for less than £20
Cocum is a great Italian coffee shop for those who don't mind paying a little extra - and who don't mind leaving the kids at home.
There is an average customer rated Japanese place called Strada located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café. It is not family-friendly and the price range is less than  £20.
There is a restaurant near the Express by Holiday Inn named The Plough that has a child Friendly atmosphere.
A child-friendly Japanese restaurant is The Vaults.  The price range is high.
Cocum is a highly rated pub with cheap prices.
Riverside coffee shop is a 3 out of 5 kids friendly, with moder price ranges. Eat some Fitzbillies and a  Hamburger.
For a highly rated family friendly venue serving Chinese food in the riverside area, try The Rice Boat.
A coffee shop that is moderately priced and serves Italian food is Cocum. It is not kid friendly with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Twenty Two is an English restaurant in riverside, it is not family-friendly.
The Mill is budget friendly pub near the river.
An Indian restaurant located near Express by Holiday Inn is not child friendly named The Rice Boat.  This restaurant is high priced but worth it due to the high ratings.
There is a Japanese restaurant called The Dumpling Tree with an average price range of £20 - £25.
kid friendly riverside pub, The Olive Grove will cost you more than £30
The Rice Boat provides Indian food which costs less than £20. It has a customer rating of low. It is located near the riverside. It is not family friendly. It is near the Express by Holiday Inn.
Riverside near Clare Hall is the location for Indian food at  Bibimbap House. It is in the higher price range.
Giraffe is a highly rated, child friendly, upper priced coffee shop near The Bakers.
A Fast food restaurant in the city centre is The Dumpling Tree with a high price range
There is a Japanese venue called Midsummer House with a rating of 3 out of 5 located near Café Rouge
The best English food you will find that is moderately priced is in Bibimbap House nearby Clare Hall in the Riverside section of town.
Located in the heart of city centre, near the Crowne Plaza Hotel, Browns Cambridge is an upscale, yet family-friendly, Japanese coffee shop.
The Phoenix is located in the city centre. It serves fast food and has a low customer rating.
the Japanese restaurant The Phoenix has a customer rating of 5 in the riverside area.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is near Café Adriatic in the city centre.  It is rated 5 out of 5 and is more than £30.
Fitzbillies is a Fast food place with a price range more than £30 and near The Six Bells
Located near the river, The Rice Boat is a non family friendly one star restaurant that serves burgers and fries.
There is two coffee shops north of the City center one is The Vaults and the other is Café Brazil.
Green Man near All Bar One  serves Indian food at a  high price range.
Near Café Rouge, the Midsummer House serves Italian food and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5
Zizzi is a family friendly pub that offers fast food.
The Rice Boat  is a less than £20-priced Japanese restaurant in the city centre near Express by Holiday Inn  that delivers take-away.
Come sit down at The Cambridge Blue for some English fair.
Wildwood is a pub that serves Indian food in the cheap price range. The customer rating is 5 out of 5
Located by the riverside, The Twenty Two is a kids-friendly English eatery.
The Golden Curry serves Indian food and has a high customer rating. It is near Café Rouge and is sited near a riverside. It is child friendly.
Aromi is an average family friendly pub located by the riverside.
Family friendly The Waterman offers cheap food.
Fitzbillies is a cheap Japanese place located near The Six Bells
Adults can enjoy cheap  Italian food at Fitzbillies, a coffee shop in the city centre
An Italian restaurant with a high price range is Loch Fyne. It is children friendly.
Located nearby the Ranch, is a coffee shop by the name of Wildwood. They offer at a moderate price various snacks, soup as well as fruit and drinks.
Loch Fyne is an expensive non children-friendly  English food restaurant.
The Golden Curry restaurant's Chinese food is rated average by customers, but is nestled in the area near the riverside, it is children friendly and it is located by Café Rouge.
A cheap family-friendly Chinese restaurant is Loch Fyne.
Child friendly Italian restaurant The Rice Boat, has high rated food starting from £30.  It's near Express by Holiday Inn which is in the city center
There is a Chinese place in the city centre called The Waterman. It is expensive, not child friendly and customer rating is average.
There is an Indian restaurant in Riverside called The Waterman.  It is family friendly but has a low rating.
Located near The Bakers is the sushi restaurant The Golden Curry, a family friendly restaurant at a medium price range.
A 3 out of 5 rated restaurant in the riverside area is The Golden Palace.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that serves Japanese food, children friendly, high price range, and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 in City Centre.
Come check out The Dumpling Tree restaurant serving seafood at affordable prices.
Loch Fyne restaurant serves seafare Chinese cuisine at reasonable prices. No children.
Don't miss The Dumpling Tree located near The Portland Arms for some adult-time.  Enjoy a selection of fine beverages and food.
Fitzbillies costs high, is French, and is by The Six Bells.
The Twenty Two is a cheap, adult only place located near The Rice Boat.
The Rice Boat serves highly rated Indian food in the riverside area and they are kid friendly.
Green Man restaurant children Friendly type food price range more than £30. It build riverside area and near the All Bar One.
The Twenty Two is a no children cheap food outlet no less than £20 per meal near The Rice Boat in the  city centre low customer rating.
Blue Spice is in the city center, has a high price range, is children friendly and has a rating of 3 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge is an Italian restaurant with an average customer rating and high prices.
The Waterman is a high priced pasta restaurant next to the river. Family friendly with low costumer rating.
Alimentum is a restaurant providing family services in the high price range. It is located in the north of city .
Wildwood restaurant is a one star restaurant located next to Café Rouge
You can eat quite cheaply at The Cambridge Blue pub, which isn't too far from the Café Brazil.
Browns Cambridge is located in the riverside area near The Sorrento. It is a Kids friendly, Fast food restaurant.
There is a moderately priced restaurant Blue Spice in riverside. It is not family-friendly but it has high customer ratings.
Come with your best friend to Strada restaurant and eat the bes food in town near the Yippee Noodle Bar
The Waterman is a family-friendly Japanese restaurant. Although it has a low customer rating, it has a low price range of less than £20. It is located in the city centre.
Aromi is a coffee shop for families that eat healthy diet. It is located in the north city.
There is an Italian restaurant name The Cambridge Blue that has an average customer rating.
The Phoenix is a middle-priced place that provides delicious meal. It is located in the city centre.
Taste of Cambridge is in the city centre area near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is a coffee shop that serves Indian food and is family Friendly.
The Rice Boat is a kid friendly restaurant located by the riverside that serves English food. The restaurant has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
In the centre of the city you can get French food at The Rice Boat. It is not a family-friendly establishment and it has received low customer ratings.
Zizzi is a family friendly pub style eatery offering fast food,  Customers around have given it a stellar 5 out of 5 rating making this a must stop for families to enjoy.
Browns Cambridge is a 3-star Italian restaurant the has high priced menu options.
Cotto coffee shop is a mid-priced menu restaurant. It is located near The Portland Arms.
Alimentum, located near Yippee Noodle Bar in the city centre, is a Japanese place with prices starting at 30 euros. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
An average, moderately priced, fast food coffee shop near Café Sicilia, is The Punter.  They are not family-friendly.
The Waterman is a family friendly averaged rated restaurant and is located on the riverside.  They serve cheap Indian food.
Situated nearby Café Rouge, is the highly rated Wildwood restaurant.
The Eagle family coffee shop is mid ranged priced located near the city centre.  It is near Burger King.
Bibimbap House is a Chinese restaurant near The Rice Boat in the city centre.
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly quick serve restaurant in the riverside area located near The Sorrento.
Taste the wines and cheese of Clowns coffee shop overlooking the river just past Clare Hall.
The Waterman is restaurant French in the riverside with rank 3 out of 5 and yes its provide £20-25
Food, family-friendly, The Waterman, Cheap, Riverside, 5 out of 5.
Located near Ranch, Wildwood is an Indian coffee shop with an average customer rating. It is high-priced.
Aromi offers pub for children Friendly located in riverside.
located near All Bar One. Midsummer House, provide low rated food for less than £20.
Fitzbillies is a cheap, five-star coffee shop serving fast food. It is appropriate for families and is located by a river.
The Twenty Two serves French food and is located in the center of the city. It is not family-friendly.
The Twenty Two serves Chinese food in the Riverside but is not family friendly
Cotto is a Japanese restaurant located near a Ranch. It is family friendly, with an average customer rating.
There is a family friendly coffee shop located close to the Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is called Browns Cambridge.
The Strada pub, near Yippee Noodle Bar, serves English food with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Eagle is a kid friendly, high customer rating and moderately priced coffee shop located near Burger King in the Riverside area.
Near Café Adriatic The Vaults pub has pricing less than £20 with a low customer rating.
There is a Japanese restaurant on the riverside called The Phoenix. It gets a 1 out of 5 rating and is moderately priced.
The Waterman restaurant, although kid friendly,  received a 1 out of 5 rating. The Waterman serves fast food at a moderate price and is located near city centre.
A kid friendly pub is located near Ranch. It's called The Cricketers and is highly rated.
Blue Spice is  cheap. It is located riverside.
The Mill is an Indian coffee shop located in Riverside, near The Sorrento. Meals generally cost more than £30.
The Golden Curry is a Chinese restaurant found near Café Rouge, in the riverside area, that caters to families. It has average reviews from customers.
Located near Yippee Noodle Bar is Strada, a Japanese-style pub that has a poor rating.
The Waterman, located in Riverside, is a pub serving Italian cuisine  know to have a customer rating of  5 out of 5 .
Cocum, a family friendly venue, is a Japanese coffee shop, boasting moderate prices and low ratings.
Near The Sorrento is a pub that's kid friendly named the Taste of Cambridge in the riverside area.
The Wrestlers is an Indian coffee Shop located near Raja Indian Cuisine. This kid friendly place has above average pricing.
Located in the city centre area, is the Fast food restaurant Aromis.
The Golden Palace is a pricey, French,  riverside,  coffee shop with low ratings.
Loch Fyne is a Fast food place near the riverside area with low customer rating. It is near The Rice Boat.
Clowns is moderately priced and located near to Café Sicilia. It is kids friendly.
With a high price range and fast food The Waterman in the city centre, has one star and is child unfriendly.
Cocum is a moderately priced restaurant which is good for families. It serves pasta.
Strada eat Fast food pub near Yippee Noodle Bar.
Offering moderately priced Italian food, Browns Cambridge received a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
coffee shop in riverside that also serves Italian food:  The Eagle has got high prices, is not child-friendly and has an average rating.  It is near Burger King in riverside.
Blue Spice is a moderately expensive restaurant on the river.
Customers of the Taste of Cambridge restaurant rated this restaurant a 3 out of 5.
Cheaply priced Italian coffee shop Fitzbillies can be found in the riverside area.  It has a customer rating 5 out of 5 and is not recommended for families.
Cotto is a coffee shop that serves fast food in the low price range near The Portland Arms, by the river. Customers rated it 1 out of 5.
The Wrestlers provides moderately priced Chinese food. The average customer rating was 1 out of 5. The restaurant is not likable by kids.
Located in city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel, Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop that provides Italian food with an average customer rating. It is family-friendly.
Kid friendly The Waterman offers French food between £20-25.
Strada has an average customer rating, and offers Chinese food, within a high price range. It is not children friendly, and is located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
Cotto is a coffee shop It offers quick meals at low prices and is located near the river,There The Portland Arms Is a bar serving alcohol at low prices and are located near the river
The Olive Grove Pub is family-friendly. They serve French food that is below £20. Situated by the river side.
The Olive Grove is a pub style restaurant that is not family-friendly with a low price range. It is considered fast food and is located in city centre.
The Golden Curry near The Bakers provides English food. Foods here are highly priced and it is not friendly to kids.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that offers Indian food for a low price and has average customer ratings. It is family friendly and it is located in Riverside
Zizzi is a child friendly coffee shop with a typical price range more than £30 located in the riverside area.
The Waterman restaurant offers English food located at the Riverside. It isn't family-friendly and customer rating is low. The  price range is  under 20 pounds.
Alimentum serves moderately priced Chinese food in the city centre. It is not child friendly.
Cotto is a child friendly French food restaurant near Ranch with an impressive customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Fitzbillies, near Express by Holiday Inn, in the price range of more than L30, has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 and is children friendly.
located in the city centre near The Portland Arms that has a perfect customer rating and over average prices is a French coffee shop called The Cotto
Aromi is a coffee shop that serves fast food. it has an average customer rating, is family friendly and located in riverside.
Wildwood inexpensive family restaurant located in the city center city
With a customer rating of 1 out of 5, Alimentum is located in the riverside area near Yippee Noodle Bar. It serves cheap Indian food.
Fitzbillies serves wine, cheese, and fruit at mid-range prices.
The Rice Boat has a high customer rating serving Indian food also kid friendly in the Riverside area.
There is a medium priced, 1 star pub called Wildwood that serves sushi.
Strada is Japanese, kid-friendly, and ranges from £20-25. it is near Rainbow Vegetarian Café, rated 3 out of 5
With a customer rating of 5 out of 5, the Fast food pub, Wildwood offers cheap food.
Green Man is near All Bar One. It is a fast food place that is moderately priced place for adults near Riverside.
Browns Cambridge, is a coffee shop, located near the Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area.  As a fast food establishment, it has an average customer rating and is child friendly.
The Punter serves English food that costs 20 to 25 pounds.
The Golden Curry serves  Fast food and is located near Café Rouge  in the riverside area. Rated 5 out of 5 stars. not friendly
Strada is a Chinese restaurant located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.  It is not family friendly but has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.  The food is cheap.
Near Ranch is a French food coffee shop with a price range of more than £30. It's called the Wildwood.
The Dumpling Tree pub, located near The Portland Arms, is an Italian restaurant that is child friendly.
The Waterman,located in the city center, is a high priced Italian restaurant that is  kid friendly with an average customer rating.
The Wrestlers is not a kid friendly Fast food place. Their prices are ridiculously high and have a rating of 1 out of 5.
Loch Fyne, the Japanese restaurant, is kid friendly though it has a high price range.
Loch Fyne is a French food restaurant that costs less than 20 pounds. It is family friendly.
The Punter is a Japanese food coffee shop that is not kids friendly. it has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and a price range of £20-25 and can be found near Café Sicilia.
Bibimbap House is a moderately priced Italian on the riverside near Clare Hall.
Located in the city centre area, near The Rice Boat, is Loch Fyne that has a 5 out of 5 customer rating for it's French Food.
In the riverside area, near to The Sorrento is the Italian, kid friendly, Browns Cambridge.
The Waterman is a Italian pub located in riverside with a average rating.
In the City Centre you will find Fitzbillies coffee shop.  A family friendly low cost establishment serving a fast food menu and scoring 3 out of 5 stars.
Cotto is a low rated coffee shop known for it's high priced Italian food.  It can be found on near The Portland Arms in the riverside.
Cotto is a highly rated kid-friendly restaurant serving French Food. It is located near Ranch.
The Rice Boat is family friendly and serves cheap Italian food. It is in the riverside area near Express by Holiday Inn and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
near The Portland Arms is the family friendly Japanese pub called The Dumpling Tree.
The Rice Boat is a French restaurant in the city centre.  It has a rating of 5 out of 5.  It is not a family-friendly restaurant.
The Cricketers is a coffee shop near The Portland Arms which provides French food. It is children friendly and it has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
There is a popular English restaurant called The Loch Fyne near The Rice Boat.
Zizzi is a fast food pub with high customer ratings. It is not family-friendly.
Clowns is an expensive pub located at the riverside. However it has a poor customer rating
Aromi is a coffee shop near riverside that serves Italian food. They are no family-friendly and have an average rating.
Moderately priced, The Wrestlers is Fast food and adults only.  Customer have rated it 1 out of 5.
The Waterman is a pub providing Chinese food It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is high-priced and located near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
Fitzbillies is a low-priced restaurant in the city centre that delivers take-away.
The kid friendly restaurant, Loch Fyne is moderately priced and serves English food.
There is a cheap Italian restaurant Alimentum near Yippee Noodle Bar located in riverside with low customer ratings.
There is a low cost Sushi restaurant The Phoenix with a three star rating, located on the river's edge.
Located in the city centre, The Phoenix sells Japanese food at prices lower than 20 with a low customer rating.
The Waterman is a high price range riverside restaurant providing English food with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and is not child friendly.
The Golden Curry is a child friendly Italian with an average customer rating. It is along the riverside near Café Rouge
There is a family-friendly fast food restaurant with an average customer rating called The Rice Boat in the City Centre.
Green Man provides expensive Chinese food at the riverside near All Bar One. It is children friendly.
On the riverside, there is a pub called Taste of Cambridge. It is a child-Friendly place. It is near The Sorrento
The Rice Boat is kids friendly place in city centre near Express by Holiday Inn. It serves Fast food in moderate prices and is customer rated 1 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge is a kids-friendly French restaurant in Riverside near The Sorrento.
Cocum is hi rating restaurant but no family and friendly.
All age groups are welcomed at Zizzi pub bar who sells sort of assorted wines and snacks.
Blue Spice is a moderately-priced venue located in the outskirts of the city centre.
Loch Fyne provides French food near The Rice Boat. It is located in riverside and has a low customer rating.
The Olive Grove is a riverside gastro pub. Children are not permitted.
Located in the city centre near the Yippee Noodle Bar is The Alimentum. It serves English food and has a high price range. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Blue Spice is a restaurant that provides French food in the moderate price range located in the city centre.
Alimentum is a Japanese place located near Yippee Noodle Bar in the city centre. It generally costs more than 30 euros and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Golden Curry is a Chinese food restaurant with high customer ratings with a child friendly atmosphere located near Café Rouge in the Riverside area.
The Chinese restaurant, The Rice Boat, is located in the city centre near the Express by Holiday Inn. This restaurant is inexpensive, not family friendly and not well rated by customers.
Near The Bakers is a Chinese restaurant called The Golden Curry. It is a family friendly restaurant with a moderate price range.
A family friendly pub called Zizzi serves Fast food and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
For an average rated pub that's family-friendly, check out The Cricketers near Ranch.
A fast-food restaurant with a 5 out of 5 customer rating is The Cambridge Blue.
If you are looking for a low priced Italian restaurant, try The Dumpling Tree.
The Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop, that's not a family-friendly. Specialized in fast food they are located in a city centre near the Crowne Plaza Hotel with a low customer rating.
A pub that serves Italian food located near Café Sicilia named The Punter is kid friendly, has moderate prices, and a customer rating that is a 3 out of 5.
The Vaults near Café Brazil is a cheap coffee shop on the riverside with an average rating.
The Wildwood is a coffee shop which serves Indian food, located near the Ranch, with a less than £20 price range and a low customer rating.
The Eagle is located in the city centre. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 and a price range of more than £30.
A coffee shop named Fitzbillies is located in the city centre area. It has a low customer rating with fast food and a price range less then£20. It is family-friendly.
Loch Fyne is suitable for families and serves sushi at a fair-price.
this Italian eatery in centre city of Alimentum is customer rated 1 out of 5 and expensive near Yippee Noodle Bar
There is a restaurant called The Vaults that offers sushi.
The Wildwood is a city centre pub serving British food, it is highly recommended and in the higher price range.
The Olive Grove is a pub in Riverside. They are children friendly and serve fast food in the high price range.
Pub style Japanese restaurant The Mill located in Riverside provides a cheap price range.
There is a pub which is children friendly named Giraffe that has fast food located on the riverside.
Near The Rice Boat there is a restaurant called Loch Fyne, which sells Chinese food. It has 1 out of 5 stars. It is by the Riverside
The Eagle coffee shop is near Burger King in the city centre. It has a price range of less than £20 and has a low customer rating.
The Phoenix has fast food in the city centre with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Cotto is coffee shop that serves Japanese food. It is located near The Portland Arms in the center of the city. The price range is high and the average customer rating is 3 out of 5.
Children love English style food at The Twenty Two
Alimentum is a Japanese restaurant in the Riverside area of Cambridge, located near to the Yippee Noodle Bar.  The price of a meal at the restaurant is approximately £20-25, which is the average price range for eating out in Cambridge.  The restaurant has a high customer rating, so please pay us a visit.
Cocum is a kid friendly restaurant with an average customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Blue Spice is a moderate range coffee shop near Avalon in the city centre.  It is not kid friendly.  It is rated 1 out of 5.
The Dumpling Tree is located near The Portland Arms and serves Japanese cuisine. The pub is child friendly and located near The Portland Arms.
A great restaurant that is kid friendly is Cocum.
The Punter coffee shop has only a one star rating and does not appear to be family oriented . They are located near Café Sicilia
The Golden Palace is a pub in riverside near Rainbow Vegetarian Café, with a price range of less than £20.
Cocum is a high-priced Japanese coffee shop.  Customer rating 5 out of 5.
The Wrestlers, a child friendly fast food restaurant, has moderate prices and 3 out of 5 customer rating
Green Man is a family friendly Indian food place in the city center near All Bar One with a price range of less than £20.
The Eagle is a coffee shop located in the city center,  near the Burger King.
The Cambridge Blue features pasta and is not that far away from Café Brazil
A pub named The Vaults,located near Café Adriatic has high prices and low customer ratings.
The Waterman serves Indian food and is located near Crowne Plaza Hotel. Sorry, no family's are allowed.
Alimentum provides Chinese food in the less than £20 price range. It is located in the city centre.
A restaurant that serves French food, but is more than £30 is The Dumpling Tree
A cheap French coffee shop in the city centre with a 5 out of 5 rating is called The Golden Palace.
Strada is a restaurant near Rainbow Vegetarian Café. Although it has a low costumer rating, it serves Italian food in an environment that is not family-friendly for less than 20 pounds.
The pub known as Green Man is located near Café Rouge on the riverside, they serve English food.
On the riverside is The Waterman offering fast food. It is children friend, but rather expensive and only as a 1 out of 5 customer rating.
Zizzi has a low customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is a kid friendly pub serving Fast food.
Although Blue Spice only gains one out of five, it is child-friendly. It is expensive and in the Riverside area.
The Vaults with a price range of less than £20 has French food. It is  not kids friendly.
The Mill is a high-priced coffee shop near The Sorrento in the city centre. It provides Indian food.
The Phoenix provides Indian food in the moderate price range. It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Dumpling Tree is an Italian restaurant with a cheap price range.
There is a pub called Strada near the Yippee Noodle Bar, the cuisine is French, however the customer rating for Strada is 1 out of 5.
Cotto  is an low French restaurant thats children friendly near Ranch
Wildwood is a pub offering Chinese food in the higher price range. It's rated average by customers.
Browns Cambridge is a Fast food restaurant that has a low customer rating even though the price range is more than £30.
The Rice Boat has a customer rating 5 out of 5. They serves Italian food. There price range is cheap. They are not family-friendly. They are in the riverside area near Express by Holiday Inn.
You can find Blue Spice on the river on the outskirts of the city center.  It is a mid-price fast food restaurant.
If you want a restaurant with a rating 3 out of 5 and a moderate price then may I suggest the fast food restaurant, Midsummer House, located near the All Bar One.
The Punter boasts a customer rating of a 3 out of 5.  It is a coffee shop that is kid friendly near Café Sicilia.  The Punter serves Italian food at a moderate price range.
Strada, a kid-friendly pub,  is located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café and serves Japanese food.  The price range is moderate and customers rate it 1 out of 5.
The Waterman is a family restaurant located north of the City centre
Browns Cambridge is an expensive Italian restaurant. Rated 1 out of 5.
For English food try Midsummer House rated 5 out of 5 and situated near the Café Rouge
Cocum is a low customer rating pub but with a excellent price range less than £20 and also its family-Friendly
English food is served at The Vaults restaurant.
High-priced, Japanese food is served at The Wrestlers.  This is a family-friendly location receives 1 out of 5 stars from Customers.
The Browns Cambridge is an Indian restaurant and it is cheap and friendly, rating: 5 out of 5
The Waterman serves French food costing more than £30. It is in the riverside area. It is not children friendly and has a low customer rating.
The Golden Curry is a good restaurant with customer rating 1 out of 5, it sells Italian food. It's great to get in with your children.
Located by the riverside, Green Man is child friendly and is moderately price.
Taste of Cambridge has prices less than 20 and is a restaurant with a low rating.
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing Indian food in the moderate price range. It is located in the city centre. It is near Burger King. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Punter, an Indian restaurant is priced at more than £30.
The Olive Grove is a children friendly pub in the city centre. It offers food at high price.
The Plough is a kid friendly pub near Café Rouge that is moderately expensive and offers Italian food.
The Eagle is a Japanese coffee shop on the riverside. It is near Burger King. It is not family-friendly. The customer rating is low and the price range is less than £20.
The Cambridge Blue is a moderately priced pub near Café Brazil.
The Golden Curry is a Chinese restaurant located in the center. of the city near Café Rouge.  They have an average customer rating.  Please keep in mind that they are not family friendly.
Blue Spice is cheap fast food restaurant in riverside area.
Alimentum, is an averagely priced,  child friendly Japanese restaurant located in Riverside.
The Punter coffee shop is not family-friendly. It has a price range of less than £20 and offers Japanese food. It is located near Café Sicilia and has a low customer rating.
Cheap French cuisine is served at a restaurant called The Punter.
Fitzbillies, located near The Six Bells, offers Italian food in a moderate price range.
The Twenty Two is near The Rice Boat and is  low cost and family friendly.
The Wrestlers is located on the outskirts of the town.  It offers family food, and is 5 star rated.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop featuring Indian food at a low price. Fitzbillies, located at city centre is rated 5 out of 5 by customers and is not family friendly.
The Aromi, coffee shop offers more than just coffee and is near the centre of the city and offers low-priced food.
Close to Raja Indian Cuisine in riverside, you will find The Wrestlers. A decently priced, child friendly coffee chop and Japanese food establishment.
The Waterman is an English restaurant in the city center. It is child friendly, moderately priced and has a 1 out of 5 customer rating.
Taste of Cambridge is a cheap restaurant with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Waterman is located in Riverside.  It is family-friendly, costs less than 20 pounds, and serves English food.
The Wrestlers is not kids friendly. There price range is moderate. They serve English food. Has a customer rating 3 out of 5.
The Cricketers is a one star Italian coffee shop with no family amenities located near The Portland Arms
The Twenty Two is a pub placed near to Café Sicilia. It is located in the city centre. It has a low rating about customer rating.
The Golden Curry is an English restaurant in the city centre near Café Rouge. It is family-friendly and has an average rating.
The Wrestlers is an expensive diner.  It is rated three stars and is family friendly.
The Rice Boat is a riverside Italian restaurant with a good customer rating. Children are not permitted.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop that offers Indian food at low prices and it is by the river. It is rated 5 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a pub in riverside that is near Rainbow Vegetarian Café. It is in the £20 price range.
Fitzbillies is in the cheap price range for Fast food. it's located near The Six Bells.
There is a child friendly coffee shop located at the riverside called Blue Spice. The average cost of a meal is over £25 and the average customer rating is 3 out of 5. Blue Spice is situated near Avalon.
Cocum, a cheap non family pub  has received 5 out of 5 in customer ratings
The Golden Curry is near Café Rouge. It is 3 stars and serves sushi.
The Cricketers has a low rating coffee shop but serves family friendly fast food and is close to The Portland Arms
There is a venue on the riverside called The Waterman. This serves French food and is child friendly. It has a low customer rating
Cocum is a children friendly restaurant rated 1 out of 5 by the customers.
In Riverside, Blue Spice offers inexpensive Japanese cuisine.
The Rice Boat, located near the Express by Holiday Inn, offers high-end sushi in a family-friendly atmosphere.
Fitzbillies is an Indian restaurant offering food for more than  £30. Located near The Six Bells.
Aromi is an adult pub located in the riverside area. Customer satisfaction is low.
Fitzbillies offers delicious coffee and Indian food at reasonable prices with a family friendly atmosphere.
The Golden Palace is a cheap riverside coffee shop with an average customer rating.
Italian restaurant Alimentum is located in the riverside area next to the Yippee Noodle Bar.  It has a three-star rating and a moderate price range.
Cotto is a cheap 5 star reviewed coffee shop and dine in restaurant near The Portland Arms.
Blue Spice is riverside with cheap prices, a 5 out of 5 customer rating, and is not family-friendly
For a restaurant highly-rated by customers, head to Wildwood near Café Rouge.
Browns Cambridge is a low rated, middle range wine and cheese restaurant.
A poorly rated, inexpensive fast food restaurant in town is Browns Cambridge.
The Eagle is a non-family-friendly Japanese coffee shop with prices less than £20. They are located in the city center near Burger King. Their rating is average.
Located close to All Bar One is our value for money five star seafood venue Midsummer House.
The Green Man is an adult-only French eatery in the City Centre area near All Bar One that has higher than average prices.
Japanese food can be found at The Golden Palace coffee shop for £20-25.  Located in the city center area, this coffee shop receives a high customer rating.
Cotto is an averaged priced, 1 star coffee shop near The Portland Arms.
The Eagle is rated highly by customers and serves French food.
Blue Spice is a fast food place that has a price range of £20 and under, and is located in the area of riverside.
There is low priced a 5 star rated Indian restaurant near the rivers side and Yippee Noodle Bar, called Alimentum.
The Rice Boat is a high priced Indian restaurant with high customer ratings located near Express by Holiday Inn.  This is not a child friendly establishment.
Strada is a pub providing Chinese food It is near Yippee Noodle Bar. Its customer rating is high.
Browns Cambridge is a normal-priced place with high customer rating.
The Golden Curry is a family friendly Chinese restaurant. Customers have rated this destination 1 out of 5.
The Waterman serves Japanese food , is in the high price range with a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is children-friendly and is in the riverside area.
The family friendly establishment, The Wrestlers, serves low-cost, Italian food.  Customers give this place 1 out of 5 stars.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Japanese food, is located  in the city centre.
The English restaurant, The Cambridge Blue,  gets a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Waterman, situated in the city centre is most suited for adults,  serves moderately priced English food but has a poor customer rating.
There is a kid-friendly Fast food near The Bakers called The Golden Curry. It is in the price range of more than £30.
Clowns, a pub  located at riverside with high range of food price  and has a Customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Twenty Two is located near The Rice Boat, in the city centre. The moderately priced restaurant is not family friendly and is rated 1 out of 5.
For less than £20 you can get French food at a family friendly coffee shop. The Wrestlers is located near Raja Indian Cuisine in riverside.
Giraffe  is a pub providing Indian cuisine located in the  central  city area with a family  friendly environment
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop serving Japanese food. It is located in a riverside area near the Crown Plaza Hotel. It is children friendly with low customer rating.
Loch Fyne serves English food and is a kid friendly restaurant.
The Golden Palace is a £20-25 price range pub on the riverside area, near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
The Wrestlers is a fast food restaurant that don't have children friendly environment and its customer rating is average at high price.
There is a kid-friendly fast-food place in Riverside named the Green Man. The price range is more than 30 euros, and it is near All Bar One.
The Wildwood pub is an expensive English food restaurant. It has a three star rating.
The Phoenix has fast food with high price range and and average customer rating. They are located in the city centre.
The Olive Grove in riverside is a French pub with a price range of more than £30 but yes it is also child friendly.
The Cricketers is highly rated and family friendly. It is a coffee shop near The Portland Arms.
A kids-friendly place in the riverside area that offers fast food is The Twenty Two.
There is a French restaurant near Café Rouge on the riverside called The Golden Curry. It is child friendly and gets a 3 out of 5 rating
The English restaurant, Cotto, is a great place you can go with your children.  It has a high rating and is near the Ranch.
Browns Cambridge is moderately priced English restaurant with a rating of 3 out of 5.
The Cambridge Blue is a pub serving Fast food.  It costs 20 to 25 pounds and is located near Café Brazil.
The Cambridge Blue pub sells very well priced Italian food, near 'Café Brazil'.
Green Man is a pub that provides Indian food It is located in the riverside. It is near Café Rouge.
Family-friendly coffee shop, The Punter, is located near Café Sicilia and has good reviews with high prices.
Wildwood Pub offers high quality food at a reasonable price.
The Rice Boat has a low rating but great food great place for family and its on the city centre
The family friendly   5 star Aromi Italian  coffee shop is located in the riverside area.
Wildwood is a coffee shop that provides Indian for only £20-25. It is sports a high customer rating and is located near the Ranch.
The Eagle venue sells Italian food. The customer Rating is 1 out of 5.
A kids Friendly , moderate price Range place in the riverside area is Green Man.
The Twenty Two serves Fast food and is child friendly.
The Rice Boat is located in the riverside area near the Express by Holiday Inn and has a price range of less than £20 . It serves Chinese food, has a low customer rating and no, it is not family friendly.
Blue Spice is child-friendly restaurant near the riverside.  The price range is more than £30, but it is highly rated by customers.
The Vaults is an average coffee shop with a high price range. Located on the riverside near Café Brazil.
Green Man is a pub near the Café Rouge in the riverside area that severs French food.
The Wildwood pub serves Chinese food and has a high customer rating.  A typical meal is more than £30.
A moderate priced coffee shop, The Eagle serves Italian cuisine in an adult only establishment. Rated 1 out of 5, it is located in the riverside area near Burger King.
The Cambridge Blue is an average customer rated English restaurant.
The Loch Fyne is a family friendly restaurant serving English fare at less than £20 .
A highly-rated pub is The Vaults, near Café Adriatic. Expect to spend £20-25.
Strada is a mid-priced Italian restaurant with a five-star customer rating.  They are located near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café and offer a family friendly environment.
The Mill is an English pub located near the riverside, and it offers cheap English food.
If you are looking for a low priced  family friendly  restaurant in the  riverside area,  Green Man  serves  Indian food and is located near All Bar One.
The Cocum restaurant is child Friendly and has a low customer Rating.
The French pub called The Waterman is located by the riverside and has a low customer rating.
English food with a customer rating of high can be found at Wildwood pub, prices range from £20-25.
There is a highly rated expensive Pub named Clowns in the Riverside area.
The Golden Palace is just ahead. There you can sit and enjoy a nice cup of coffee.
The Phoenix is a moderately-priced restaurant that has three out of five stars.
A children-friendly restaurant, The Waterman, has an average price range of above £30.
The Twenty Two is a children friendly restaurant located on the riverside near The Rice Boat. It gets a high customer rating and costs more than £30
Italian The Golden Curry is near Café Rouge.  It is kids friendly.  Customer rating is high.
A high price restaurant is The Golden Palace.
Blue Spice is located near Avalon in the city centre and is a child friendly, low rated coffee shop in the more than £30 price range.
A Chinese restaurant, the Giraffe, is children friendly pub located near the riverside.
Cotto provides Chinese food. It is near Ranch. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a cheap Indian coffee shop in the riverside are with a 5 of 5 customer rating.
The Wrestlers is a Chinese restaurant with low prices.
Located by the river and Crowne Plaza Hotel, Browns Cambridge is a non-family friendly coffee shop.  They also serve Italian food.
A family friendly Chinese place called The Rice Boat is averagely rated and located in riverside.
Clowns is a coffee shop providing Indian food It is located in the riverside. It is near Clare Hall. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Phoenix is an affordable American style restaurant near the city-centre of Cambridge
The Strada is near the Yippee Noodle Bar.  It serves Italian food and has a high customer rating.
A cheap coffee shop on the riverside near Café Brazil is The Vaults. They have good rating.
A cheap child friendly restaurant that serves English food is The Vaults.
3 out of 5, The Cricketers is a Japanese coffee shop that is kid friendly near The Portland Arms.
The Waterman, with an average rating, is located in the center of the city. The Waterman offers French cuisine in a Pub type environment.
The Waterman is a highly priced and highly rated English food restaurant located in Riverside. It is not children friendly.
Zizzi is a pub serving Indian food.  It has a 5 out of 5 rating is non-family friendly.
The Cricketers is a restaurant with American food near All Bar One.
A restaurant with a good customer rating in a medium price range is 'Browns Cambridge'.
The Dumpling Tree is a moderately priced coffee shop. It is located in the city centre near Café Sicilia. It is not kids friendly.
The Waterman, a fast food restaurant, is child friendly, has a high customer rating, and is in the city centre.
The English food restaurant   called The Eagle has a high customer rating
Browns Cambridge has a three star rating serving fast food. It has a medium price range.
Located in riverside is a family friendly Fast food coffee shop called Browns Cambridge, Located near Crowne Plaza Hotel with high customer rating.
Browns Cambridge, a coffee shop is located in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel, offers fast food. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 and is not family-friendly.
Bibimbap House, Chinese , price range more than £30,  riverside, near Clare Hall
Taste of Cambridge is a restaurant with a low customer rating and prices over £30.
the Strada is family friendly and serves Japanese food at cheap prices.  It has been rated 5 out of 5 and is located near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café
A Japanese restaurant called Alimentum is located in the city centre near Yippee Noodle Bar. It's in the £20-25 price range and has a three of five star rating.
Cocum is a restaurant that is family friendly and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Punter coffee shop is located near Café Sicilia and serves Japanese food in the medium price range. No public restroom. Rated one star.
The Punter is an inexpensive Italian restaurant.
Italian food is available in The Golden Curry  which is family friendly and is highly rated.
There is a moderately priced Fast food for Kids The Wrestlers with low customer rating.,
The riverside has a pub, called The Olive Grove, which serves Indian food for a moderate price.   It is not kid friendly.
There is an Indian restaurant near All Bar One named Midsummer House with cheap prices and average customer ratings.
Enjoy The Punter is a high end  adult only coffee shop located near Café Sicilia featuring high priced Japanese food
The Eagle is located in the city centre near Burger King with Italian food and a moderate price range. It is not kid-friendly with a customer rating 1 out of 5. it is a coffee shop restaurant.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop that sells Indian food, price range high,  1 out of 5 customer rating, located in Riverside
Strada is an English pub, near the Yippee Noodle Bar and has a low customer rating.
The Punter is an American coffee shop near Café Sicilia that offers high prices, welcomes families, and is moderately reviewed.
The Golden Curry, stop by for some English grub, child friendly and great customer rating.
French meals are served at Alimentum, a mid priced city centre location near Yippee Noodle Bar has average customer ratings.
The Golden Curry for English food in riverside area, near Café Rouge,  but its customer rating is average and also is not family-friendly.
Near The Bakers there is a family friendly restaurant. The price range of The Plough is less that £20.
Café Sicilia is a reasonably priced coffee shop near The Dumpling Tree. It is by the river and family friendly.
The Wrestlers is a highly rated fast food restaurant suitable for adults serving meals in the £20 to £25 price range.
Children are welcome at The Golden Curry. It's located near The Six Bells.
restaurant Loch Fyne rating is 5 out of 5, it serves French food and is near the riverside area in The Rice Boat customer
There is a shop, Aromi, that provides low quality coffee drinks and is opened to all age group.
There is a Japanese Food called The Wrestlers, and the kids are Friendly, that Customer ratings are high on it, the price range is Average between £20-25.
The Golden Curry serves English food and is highly rated by customers. It is located in the riverside area, near Café Rouge, and is child friendly.
With a customer rating of 5 out of 5 is the child friendly coffee shop Blue Spice. Its located near Avalon which is in the riverside area and prices are more than £30
The Twenty Two is in centre city and serves Chinese food but is not family friendly
The Golden Palace is a low rated Indian coffee shop located in City Centre. Prices are average.
The Cricketers is a family friendly fast food restaurant near The Portland Arms.
There is Japanese food at The Wrestlers, it's children friendly. However the price range can be more than £30 and has a low customer rating.
Near to the Rainbow Vegetarian Café is a family friendly restaurant called Strada that offers Chinese meals that are average and also in the high pricing range.
Aromi is a family friendly coffee shop that serves Japanese food. It is located in riverside and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Alimentum provides Indian food in the moderate price range. It is located in Riverside.
Strada is a family friendly venue near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 and sells low priced English food.
Situated on the riverside near to the Crowne Plaza Hotel is the child friendly coffee shop called Browns Cambridge serving French food. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Zizzi is pub which serves English food. It is kid friendly and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Eagle is a low priced Indian restaurant that provides pub food near the riverside, and has a 3 out of 5 customer rating. The pub is not kid-friendly.
The Golden Curry provides Indian food It is located in the city centre. It is near Café Rouge. Its customer rating is average.
Cotto is a high ranked coffee shop located near The Portland Arms.
The Rice Boat of Fast food  with low price is located by riverside near Express by Holiday Inn. Their customer rating is low and they are not children friendly.
An Indian restaurant called The Golden Curry is located near The Bakers that offers cheap prices and a family friendly experience
Breakfast plates at The Phoenix a 5 star eatery by the river.
The Cricketers is a French, family-friendly coffee shop near The Portland Arms with average customer ratings.
The Olive Grove restaurant is a pub that serves French food that is in City Centre that is family-friendly that costs less than £20
The Dumpling Tree have a range price mare than £30.
The Cambridge Blue is a highly recommended Indian restaurant.
The Twenty Two is children friendly and serves English food.
Taste of Cambridge is a pub by the river that is just down the road from The Sorrento
The Strada, is an Italian food restaurant near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café. The price range is less than £20, customer ratings are low and it is not family-friendly.
The Dumpling Tree restaurant is a low cost eatery that serves an assortment of wines and cheeses.
Fitzbillies is near Express by Holiday Inn, is child friendly, has a high customer rating, and the price range is more than £30.
Fitzbillies is a high priced coffee shop on the riverside. It serves Italian food and is not child friendly but has a 1 out of 5 rating.
The Cambridge Blue is a moderate price range Japanese pub located near the Café Brazil.
There is a child friendly fast food restaurant called The Twenty Two.
Fitzbillies is a low-priced coffee shop that also offers food. It is located near the river.
The Waterman Indian restaurant,by the river is family friendly,average price but customers rate it low.
For a high priced Chinese food, adult only Alimentum is located in riverside.
The Twenty Two is a family-friendly, French restaurant located in Riverside.
The Cricketers near The Portland Arms has a average customer rating. They are an Italian coffee shop that is not family-friendly.
French coffee shop, Fitzbillies is in the city centre.  It is not kid friendly and has a price range of £20-25.
In the city centre there's a family-friendly restaurant less than £20 called Blue Spice that has a low customer rating.
In the city centre, near The Portland Arms, there is a coffee shop called Cotton. It serves Japanese food, the prices average more than 30 pounds, and it has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
In the less than £20 price range, The Rice Boat is located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café with a low customer rating.
The Wrestlers is s one star, expensive fast food, family friendly restaurant.
Located near Crowne Plaza Hotel, The Waterman provides French food. It is not family-friendly.
A moderate price Italian food place named Midsummer House is near All Bar One.  It's rating is 3 out of 5.
There is a high price range restaurant called Wildwood which servers Italian food, and has a rating of average.
The Waterman provides Indian food in the high price range. It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Golden Curry is a one-star restaurant that serves fast food and does not allow families. It is located near Café Rouge by the river.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop selling Indian food at a high price range. It's customer rating is average and it is located near the city center, but is not family friendly.
A restaurant named  Browns Cambridge is located in the city centre.
For a moderately priced French-style coffee shop on the riverside, come to The Eagle - a 1 star child-free experience just past the Burger King.
The Twenty Two is a Japanese restaurant in the city centre which isn't family-friendly.
The coffee shop with Italian food, The Mill is located both near riverside and The Sorrento. It has a price range of more than 30 Euros.
A moderately priced kid friendly Japanese restaurant called The Wrestlers is rated 1 out of 5 stars.
Clowns is a coffee shop providing Indian food It is located in the riverside. It is near Clare Hall. Its customer rating is low.
You can find a high priced restaurant for all ages at The Wrestlers
Located near All Bar One in the city centre, is The Green Man serving Italian food. They are not family-friendly and are in the price range of less than £20.
with a low customer rating, Fitzbillies is a non family-friendly place with a price range of less than£20. it is near the Express by Holiday Inn.
Browns Cambridge provides Chinese food in the cheap price range. It has an average rating.
Cotto has low prices located at the riverside near by All Bar One
The Punter is a cheap Italian food provider
Wildwood is a Fast food coffee shop located near Ranch.  It has a high price range and a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Eagle serves Chinese food and has a high customer rating.
The Phoenix provides high priced Chinese food in the city centre. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Cotto is a coffee shop serving sushi at high prices. It has a five star rating and is based in the riverside area near The Portland Arms.
The Vaults is a pub with a high customer rating. The price range is more than £30 and it is near Café Adriatic.
On the riverside, there is an expensive fast food called The Waterman, is not children friendly  and is rated 1 out of 5.
The Rice Boat provides Indian food in the cheap price range. It is located in the riverside. It is near Express by Holiday Inn. Its customer rating is average.
The Golden Curry is a family friendly French restaurant.
The Cambridge Blue is a pub that serves cheap Chinese food near Café Brazil.
For Fast food in the city centre, The Phoenix has a price range of £20-25 and the customer ratings are high.
Blue Spice is a low rate sushi bar located in City Centre.
The Golden Curry does not serve Italian food but it is kid friendly and has a rating of 4.
Blue Spice is a Sushi restaurant offering take-out and deliveries in the medium price range.  It is located in city centre just south of the river.
The Waterman is a high priced French restaurant in the city centre that customers rated 3 out of 5. It is children friendly.
The Rice Boat is located near Express by Holiday Inn in the riverside area and serves Japanese food in the less than £20 price range, it has an average customer rating and is not child friendly.
coffee shop by day and family dining at night,  The Eagle nests near the river and Burger King
Located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café, The Rice Boat is in the less than £20 price range with a low customer rating.
Cocum is a high rated coffee shop, serving fast food for £20-25. Just don't bring the kids.
Italian place The Phoenix can be found in the riverside area, with a customer rating 1 out of 5.
The Cricketers is a beautiful coffee shop near The Portland Arms with family atmosphere, French food and a pleasant clentele
Fitzbillies is an average rated, cheap  Japanese coffee Shop in the riverside area, not child friendly.
Near Café Rouge, there is a restaurant called Wildwood with customer rating 1 out of 5.
Located by the riverside is The Phoenix. It has a high customer rating and serves high-priced Italian food.
Along the river in the City center., there are two establishments, The Golden Curry and Café Rouge.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop located north of the city center. and offers expensive 5 star rated food.
The Dumpling Tree offers quality Japanese food. It is a nice kid friendly pub located near The Portland Arms.
An Italian place called Browns Cambridge is moderate price and rated 3 out of 5.
Alimentum, whose price range is less than  £20, is a fast food restaurant near Yippee Noodle Bar in the city centre area with a low customer rating.
The adults only The Olive Grove is a put which offers moderate prices in the riverside area.
Cotto offers English food and is located near Café Rouge.
Even with it's moderate price range and average customer rating of 3 out of 5, The Waterman is not kid friendly.  You can find this Italian restaurant in the city centre area.
The Waterman is located in riverside. It is moderately priced with ad average customer rating.
Aromi is located in the city centre with a low customer rating. It is a fast food coffee shop and is not kids friendly.
There is a restaurant call Strada located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café that is kids friendly and in the price range £20-25.
The Vaults has an average customer rating. It is located near Café Brazil in the riverside area. The Vaults is a coffee shop offering cheap food.
The Eagle is an Indian restaurant with low customer rating.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop that serves French food in the city centre. The prices range more than £30 and they have a low customer rating.
The Golden Curry is family friendly restaurant. It serves English food. Customers rating for The Golden Curry is low.
Near Express by Holiday Inn in the Riverside area is a high customer rated, child friendly restaurant serving English food,in a price range of more than £30, named The Rice Boat.
Near Café Adriatic, in the riverside area, is the highly rated, but low cost Travellers Rest Beefeater .
The Cotto serves English food near the Ranch. It is child friendly with a high customer rating.
The Punter is high rated coffee shop that serves English food for more than £30 and has a no children policy located near to the Café Sicilia
The Italian child friendly place, The Vaults, is high on pricing.
There is a high-priced Italian coffee shop called The Eagle near Burger King in the riverside area that is child-friendly but has an average customer rating.
In the city centre is the pub Wildwood which serves food. It has a 5 star rating and is in the average price range
The Phoenix  has a low customer rating, but they serve Japanese food and cost more than  £30 and they are located in Riverside
Located near the Ranch, is the coffee shop Wildwood.  It features an average-priced menu that serves light food and alcohol.  Customers give this coffee shop 1 out of 5 stars.
The Twenty Two has an average rating. Its price range is high but it is children friendly. It is near The Rice Boat by the riverside.
Alimentum is an expensive Italian restaurant with one star located on the river near Yippee Noodle Bar.
The Travellers Rest Beefeater is near Café Adriatic in the riverside area and has a low customer rating
This business in the Riverside area,  is children friendly and a pub type of eatery which  offers Japanese food; in the high price range.  The name of this eatery is The Olive Grove.
There is a one-star family restaurant called The Wrestlers that serves fast-food and is in the  mid-price range.
Chinese food is served at Midsummer House near All Bar One.  It is in the high price range and is rated as average.
At the The Golden Curry you can eat Italian food in a family friendly place with an average customer rating.
The Vaults is children friendly. It provides French food at a high price range.
There is Cotto an Italian family friendly restaurant with a low customer rating near Ranch.
Even children like eating Fast food better in The Portland Arms then drinking at The Dumpling Tree
The Eagle has Italian food and a high customer rating.
Located near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café is Strada, a 3 star restaurant offering a full English breakfast at a high price range.
There is a restaurant called Wildwood, that is child friendly.
In Riverside there is a restaurant with a low customer rating called The Eagle. It has a price range of less than £20.
The Rice Boat is   a kids friendly Japanese food restaurant near Express by Holiday Inn
Blue Spice is a city centre coffee shop near Avalon. It's within a price range of more than £30 with a low customer rating. Also, it's no to children.
The Plough is an inexpensive family friendly pub located near Café Rouge.
Alimentum is an Italian restaurant that offers food for less than £20. It is family friendly and located along the riverside.
The Waterman, a pub style type of eatery, serves Indian dishes,  has an average customer rating, and is located in the Riverside area.
The Rice Boat is a three star English style restaurant in the low price range near Express by Holiday Inn. Public restrooms available.
Romantic evening for adults at The Twenty Two.  Not family friendly.
The Waterman is a pub that sells sushi and has a good rating
If you want to save money and go to the restaurant which is cheap priced go to The Golden Palace.
Blue Spice is an expensive restaurant, located far from the city centre.
Browns Cambridge has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 with moderate prices.
Browns Cambridge is a restaurant providing French food near Crowne Plaza Hotel riverside area.
5 star restaurant l Midsummer House is  reasonably priced located near the All Bar One.
Blue Spice is a coffee shop located in riverside near Avalon . Its children friendly,  it has a price range of more than £30, as well as a low customer rating.
Midsummer House located near Café Rouge serves average rated fast food.
French food coffee shop, The Golden Palace is located in the city centre and has an average customer rating  in high price range.
At riverside there's a family friendly restaurant called The Rice Boat. It serves pretty bad Indian food though.
The Golden Curry is children friendly. And they serve Indian food, but they only have 1 out of 5 rating.
Alimentum is a kid's friendly English place with a high price range int he riverside
There is an expensive, but low rated, coffee shop called Wildwood which serves sushi near Ranch.
Strada is a fast food restaurant located next to Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
The Golden Palace a coffee serving French food excellent customer reviews. Above average prices.
The coffee shop Fitzbillies offers moderately priced fast-food in the city center area.  This is not a family-friendly environment.  Customers give this coffee shop 1 out of 5 stars.
Near Café Rouge is the Midsummer House. This establishment serves English flare and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Family friendly and with a 5 of 5 rating, Browns Cambridge is an Indian coffee shop in the city centre area near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
A restaurant near the river is Green Man.
The Wrestlers is children friendly fast food in the moderate price range with a high customer rating.
It's spendy but Browns Cambridge has great Chinese food.
The Plough is a family-friendly pub serving Italian food with a mid price point. It is located near Café Rouge.
Zizzi is a pub providing Chinese food Its customer rating is average.
Wildwood is an expensive coffee shop providing sushi near Ranch.
The Rice Boat is a restaurant located near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café with a great customer rating.
Sushi Bar The Waterman, is a highly priced, family friendly eatery scoring 3 out of 5 stars.
The Golden Palace is a French coffee shop that is low rated and priced more than 30. It is located at the city centre
Zizzi pub serves Italian food. It is kid friendly and has a 1 out of 5 rating.
Browns Cambridge serves Indian food for about £20-25, and has a high customer rating.
Chinese restaurant The Waterman is located in the riverside area and has a low customer rating. It has dishes costing less than 20 pounds and is not family friendly.
Browns Cambridge offers a high price range and the customer rating is 3 out of 5.
Midsummer House has high customer rating and the price range is £20-25. You can find it near All Bar One.
The Alimentum is a fast food restaurant, ideal for a cost effective family meal. It is located next to the river.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop in the city centre with a low customer rating. The price range is less than 20 pounds, serves fast food and is family-friendly.
The Plough restaurant, offering meals for over £30, is a child-friendly option near The Bakers.
The Olive Grove cheap English food in family at the riverside
The Waterman is a restaurant providing French food, the customer rating is 5 out of 5, is a high-priced and they are Children Friendly, located in a riverside area.
The Cricketers coffee shop would prefer no children, serves Fast food close to The Portland Arms, a low customer review.
The Golden Curry Chinese restaurant offers food for a moderate price. It is near The Bakers and considered kid friendly.
Zizzi is a coffee shop which is situated by the riverside. This child friendly coffee shop has an average rating of 3 out of 5 and is deemed as a high price range
The Loch Fyne is a cheap fine dining restaurant that is not family friendly.
The Vaults serves fast food at moderate price. Children are not welcome.
Fitzbillies near the Express by Holiday Inn has a low customer rating and a price range more than £30. Yes, it is children friendly.
Strada is a highly rated, child friendly restaurant in the average price range.
For a cheap coffee shop in Riverside go to The Wrestlers.  It's family-friendly near Raja Indian Cuisine and serves fast food.
Wildwood is a pub that serves good food but at a high price.
The Rice Boat has French food and is located by the riverside.
The Cambridge Blue restaurant offers convenient food.
There is a highly-rated child friendly establishment in city centre near Burger King. The Eagle is an Italian coffee shop with average prices.
The Olive Grove is a pub restaurant that is not children-friendly. It has English food with high price range located in the city centre.
Blue Spice is a high priced Italian place in riverside.
Cotto fast food. is family friendly located near Ranch. It has a low customer rating.
Alimentum is a low customer rated Chinese restaurant that offers food ranging from 20 euro or below.  It is located riverside near Yippee Noodle Bar.
A family-friendly restaurant called The Rice Boat is located in the city centre area. It has French food and a low customer rating.
Browns Cambridge serves cheap Indian food and has an average customer-rating
Alimentum Indian restaurant is high in price with an average customer Rating on the riverside near Yippee Noodle Bar.
Alimentum is a restaurant with price range more than £30 and is offering Indian food. It is a child friendly restaurant located at riverside .
One star coffee shop Fitzbillies serves high priced Sushi in the riverside area.
The Rice Boat is a kid friendly 3 out of 5 rating restaurant. The Rice Boat serves moderately priced Italian food. They are located on the riverside near Express by Holiday Inn.
Cocum, an Indian coffee shop, is cheap, family-friendly, and has an average rating.
Browns Cambridge near the Sorrento offers English food near riverside.
A Japanese Pub near the Yippee Noodle Bar called Strada's rating is 3 out of 5
Located in the riverside area is The Waterman Chinese food restaurant.  This restaurant is not kid friendly and has a low customer rating of 1 out of 5.  The price range is moderate.
Located in the riverside area, The Golden Palace serves French food and is a coffee shop. Prices are less than £20 and they received an average customer rating.
Blue Spice is located in the riverside area and serves fast food in the price range if £30.
The Fitzbillies is a moderately priced Indian coffee shop in the city centre. It is kid friendly and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop in the high price range. It is located outside the city center.
The Eagle is a family-friendly coffee shop near Burger King in the riverside area. With a moderate price range, it serves French food and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The French finery named Midsummer House has a low rating. It is near Café Rouge.
The Golden Curry has average rated family friendly English food
The Cambridge Blue is a poorly reviewed restaurant.
The Dumpling Tree is a higher priced Indian restaurant.
Costing over 30 euros is The Waterman, a children friendly French restaurant along the riverside with a low customer rating.
The Olive Grove in the riverside area serves French food in a pub type establishment. Prices are high and children are not welcome.
The Green Man can be found near All Bar One in the riverside area. Its English food is cheaply priced and it is family friendly.
The Vaults offers Chinese food in the price range of over 30 and is children friendly.
If you are looking for a great coffee shop with low prices then The Dumpling Tree is your place. Located near Café Sicilia
The Phoenix serves English food and is located in the center of the city. However, it is highly priced and has a poor customer rating.
There is a no family-friendly pub Giraffe located in the riverside that provides French food.
Located in riverside, Blue Spice is child friendly and in the high price range.  They have an average customer rating.
There is a restaurant called The Eagle that is located in the city centre.
High customer rating and high price range £20-25 Café includes The Rice Boat near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
Browns Cambridge, the Italian coffee shop is located in the city centre near the Crowne Plaza Hotel. It has a low customer rating and is not child friendly.
Strada, an average-rated pub serving  Chinese food, is located near Yippee Noodle Bar.
If you go down to the centre of the city you will find an affordable restaurant called Blue Spice.
the The Golden Curry is near The Bakers offer Italian food with low price and family-Friendly
Aromi is a children friendly pub in riverside with an average rating.
Alimentum is a restaurant located in the city centre area near Yippee Noodle Bar. It has Italian food with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and a high price range.
Clowns, located near Café Sicilia, is cheap and not for families.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that serves French food. They have a high price range and it is located at the riverside. It is a child friendly establishment with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Golden Curry House is close to the Café Rouge situated in  Cambridge
The Olive Grove is a pub located in the city centre. It serves moderately priced Indian food and is kid friendly.
Green Man is a cheap family friendly restaurant located by the riverside.
Clowns is a pub that is rated low with a moderate price range that is located in the city center.
Clowns French food coffee shop in riverside near Clare Hall has a high customer rating
The Waterman is a Chinese food place that is cheap with average ratings in riverside. It's also family friendly.
The Phoenix is a low-rated Italian eatery on the riverside
There is a fairly priced coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine that serves sushi and is called The Wrestlers.
Featuring Japanese cuisine and a coffee shop atmosphere, the Taste of Cambridge is situated on the riverside, near the Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Situated near Raja Indian Cuisine on the riverside is a child friendly coffee shop serving French food with a high price range called The Wrestlers.
For highly priced, but low rated Chinese food, head to Browns Cambridge.
In the city centre there is a coffee shop called The Golden Palace.  It is a Fast food restaurant in the £20-25 price range.
Blue Spice is a coffee shop located in the city centre near Avalon. It is not kid-friendly, has a price range of 20-25 pounds, and is rated 3 out of 5 by customers.
Zizzi the coffee shop at Riverside is kids friendly the price is £20 to £25 and rating is good
high price range, average customer rating children friendly,  in the Riverside area in Blue Spice
The Phoenix is a high priced fast food restaurant located in the city centre with an average customer rating.
With a low customer rating located in the centre of the city is The Rice Boat restaurant that is not family-friendly wit h a low customer rating.
Blue Spice is a family-friendly restaurant with low prices and high ratings. Located in the city Centre.
The Vaults is a high priced Italian restaurant that is not children friendly.
The Giraffe Pub is located by the riverside and serves a varied Japanese cuisine. We are children friendly and welcome all patrons.
If you need a kid friendly venue in the riverside area then try Green Man. It serves English food and has a moderate price range. It sits near All Bar One.
The Phoenix has Chinese food and is located in riverside, with low customer ratings.
There is a cheap restaurant rated 1 star,  The Eagle coffee Shop, located in city centre east of Burger King.  Not recommended for families. They offer eat-in, take-out or delivers.
Near the Yippee Noodle Bar is The Alimentum.  It is near the city centre near the Yippee Noodle Bar.
Bibimbap House located in riverside near The Rice Boat serves Japanese food
There is a kid friendly pub called Cocum which has a rating of 3 out of 5 and serves food for £20-£25
The Dumpling Tree is a fast food pub located near The Portland Arms. It is also children friendly.
The Golden Curry provides Italian food. It is not family-friendly and attracts low-ratings from customers.
The Wrestlers is not child friendly, priced high and rated low. They serve English food.
The Cambridge Blue is a low customer rated French restaurant.
Zizzi, an English pub, is family-friendly and has an average rating.
The Rice Boat is a children friendly Fast food restaurant in the riverside area, near the Express by Holiday Inn. its prices are high and its customer ratings are average.
The Cambridge Blue is an Italian restaurant with a high customer rating.
The Twenty Two is a kids-friendly fast food restaurant in Riverside.
In the heart of the city, Browns Cambridge serves Indian food in a coffee shop setting. Not family friendly, it is located near the Crowne Plaza Hotel and recently rated 5 out of 5 by customers.
Near Crowne Plaza Hotel you will find The Waterman. It provides fast food and are children friendly.
The Golden Curry, near The Bakers, offers family friendly French food at reasonable prices, less than £20.
coffee Shop Fitzbillies, offers moderately priced French food. With a customer rating of 1 out of 5, this riverside establishment is not considered child friendly.
The Wrestlers is a child friendly, high end,  French bistro and coffee shop that is located in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine
Near Burger King there  is a Japanese coffee shop The Eagle in Riverside. Their customer rating is 5 out of 5 with the price range more than £30.
The coffee shop called The Wrestlers serves Indian food and is near to Raja Indian Cuisine. The Wrestlers is child-friendly and is in riverside. It has a high price range however
The Eagle serves French food but has a low customer rating.
A moderate priced fast food place that is not kid friendly is called Strada. It is near Rainbow Vegetarian Café. Customers rated it 1 out of 5.
Located near The Portland Arms, The Cricketers coffee shop is child-friendly offering fast-food with a high customer rating.
In the city centre close to Burger King is The Eagle coffee shop. Serving French food and prices being on the high side. This isn't child friendly and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Bibimbap House is located by the riverside and near Clare Hall and it has English food that costs more than £30.
The Rice Boat provides Indian food at the moderate price range. The location is city centre, near the Express by Holiday Inn. The establishment is children friendly, with a rating of 3 out of 5.
Wildwood is coffee shop who offers light snacks food too,  situated in the Ranch.
Clowns is a fast food restaurant that received 1 out of 5 stars.  It is near the riverside near Clare Hall and has a coffee shop atmosphere.
Located in city centre near Avalon, Blue Spice is a kid friendly coffee shop with a moderate price range and customer ratings of 1 out of 5.
Wildwood is a coffee shop that also serves Italian food.  It's located near Ranch and serves food in the high price range with an average customer rating.
Bibimbap House sells Chinese food by the riverside near Clare Hall. The price range is moderate.
There is a coffee shop located near The Portland Arms in the city centre called Cotto which offers good quality food at a premium price.
Fitzbillies is a kid-friendly with moderate range prices, but rated just 1 out of 5 by customers. It's located near Express by Holiday Inn.
Wildwood is a coffee shop with a customer rating 1 out of 5 and has a low price range and is just north of the Ranch.
The Loch Fyne is a family friendly French food restaurant.
Taste of Cambridge is a child friendly Japanese coffee shop that is near the Crowne Plaza Hotel.
If you are looking for a low-priced pub in the city centre, then The Olive Grove is for you. It is a non family-friendly pub that offers Indian food.
There's a restaurant called Alimentum, which is a little more expensive. They serve Italian food and have good ratings. It's located in the city centre, near Yippee Noodle Bar.
Riverside area, The Golden Palace is pub in the high price range and is located near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
The Golden Curry is a Fast food restaurant with a high rating and yes it is also kids friendly.
The Cambridge Blue is a Fast food restaurant with a low rating.
Zizzi has a selection of cheeses, fruit, and wine for adults only.
Alimentum is an expensive Italian restaurant near Yippee Noodle Bar in Riverside. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Alimentum a fast food restaurant near Yippee Noodle Bar in riverside, has high customer rating costing more than  £30.
The Golden Palace is a fast food coffee shop close to the City centre.
Located riverside, The Rice Boat is a family friendly restaurant that features Japanese cuisine and boasts a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
The Waterman is an Indian food pub with a 5 out of 5 customer rating in the Riverside area.
There is a coffee shop near The Bakers called Giraffe. It is children friendly and it is rated 5 out of 5. The price range is more than £30.
Giraffe is sited in the city centre near The Bakers, it is a family friendly highly recommended high cost venue.
The Eagle is a high cost fast food child friendly coffee shop near Burger King  in the riverside area with low  customer rating
Visit The Mill pub for a low price meal by the river
The Waterman is a Japanese restaurant with a high rating and price range of £20-25. It is not kid friendly.
Check out the Wildwood coffee shop 5 star rating and great reviews located conveniently  next to the Ranch.
Located at the city centre, The coffee shop serving French food named Browns Cambridge has a rating of 5 out of 5, is not family-friendly and is near the Crowne Plaza Hotel.
There's a low rated coffee shop called Clowns near Clare Hall.
Alimentum is a French restaurant in the price range of £20-25 with a high customer satisfaction rating. It is located in the city centre near the Yippee Noodle Bar.
The Punter servers French food in the high price range.
Near The Rice Boat with a customer Rating of low, the Loch Fyne serves Italian food
Alimentum is a kids friendly restaurant that serves Indian food. It is located by riverside and the price ranges from £20-25.
Located near Café Rouge, The Golden Curry is a family-friendly, one-star restaurant.
The Mill is an expensive coffee shop, located near The Sorrento.
There is a family-friendly pub in the city centre called Aromi with a low customer rating.
There is a three-star coffee shop called Aromi near the city centre. It is family friendly.
There is a cheap family restaurant called Strada near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
In the riverside area near Café Brazil, The Vaults is an average priced averagely rated coffee shop.
The Rice Boat, located near Express by Holiday Inn in the city centre, offers English food with a high price range. Not children friendly, the customer rating is average.
Near Café Adriatic at riverside, Travellers Rest Beefeater has a price range of less than £20 and has a low customer rating.
Wildwood is an Italian sensibly priced pub in the city.
Fitzbillies, an Italian coffee shop in the city centre, has highly priced items to enjoy. It has an average customer rating and isn't child friendly.
The Eagle is a children friendly high rated English coffee shop located near Burger King in riverside with a price range of more than £30.
The Waterman is a pub that serves Chinese food. It is located in the city centre and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Visit French coffee shop Cocum,  price ranges £20-£25,  its kid friendly and rated 3-5 by customers.
The Golden Curry is a non-family friendly restaurant with a customer rating of 1 out of 5; it is located in the City Centre near Café Rouge.
Green Man is a cheaper restaurant located just near All Bar One. It is family oriented.
The Eagle is a restaurant in the average price range located near the riverside area. it has been rated average by customers.
The Waterman in the city centre is a high priced restaurant with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 offering English food.  It is not child friendly.
The Eagle coffee shop featuring Indian style foods at a reasonable price of  £20 , located in the city centre near Burger King
Bibimbap House sells Japanese food near The Rice Boat in the city centre.
There is a  a  family-friendly coffee shop  Fitzbillies  located in the city centre that provides cheap Fast food. I has 5 customer rating out of 5.
There is a no children-friendly coffee shop Zizzi located in the city centre. The price is more than £30 and its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
If you have been down to the riverside you might have seen a place called Café Sicilia. Opposite that there is a pub called The Twenty Two. It overlooks the river and is in a nice setting however the customer rating is quite low.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop and fast food restaurant located in the city centre.  Their price range is high and their customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Phoenix is a cheap but highly rated restaurant near the riverside, which serves English food.
Children are welcome at Green Man, a city centre restaurant serving French food at above average prices. All Bar One is nearby.
The Waterman is a family friend English restaurant providing cheap food in the riverside area. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Eagle is in the city centre, near Burger King. It's a French coffee shop that isn't kids friendly. It has a moderate price range and a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Waterman is an Italian restaurant that is adults-only located in the city centre. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 and is not family-friendly.
There is a pub riverside named The Mill, serving English cuisine, with a high price range.
Fitzbillies is a French child friendly city centre coffee shop that has a 3 star rating.
The Mill is a coffee shop serving Indian food with a price range less than  £20 in the city centre near The Sorrento.
A  one-star venue called The Eagle is located near a school. The Eagle serves British cuisine.
Cotto is a coffee shop that offers Italian food. It is located in the city center. Prices are between £ 20-25. it is near The Portland Arms. Customer ratings are high.
Midsummer House is a fast food restaurant near Café Rouge that has a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
The Waterman is near the Crowne Plaza Hotel.  It serves Japanese food and is family friendly.
Bibimbap House is a place with French food on the area of riverside near The Rice Boat
Wildwood is a cheap coffee shop located near Ranch, with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
An expensive adults-only riverside Indian coffee shop called The Eagle can be found near Burger King, but it only has average ratings.
The Eagle is a family-friendly coffee shop offering fast food for less than £20. It is in the city centre near Burger King and has a low rating.
Strada has Indian food in the price Range of more than £30, with a high customer Rating. It is not child Friendly and is located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
Cotto is an expensive restaurant near the All Bar One at riverside.
The Plough is a pub that provides Japanese food with a price range of 20-25 Euros. It is kid friendly and located near Café Rouge.
There is a mid price range coffee shop Cotto located near The Portland Arms that provides sushi
The Punter serves fast food with a price range of more £30.
A coffee shop that serves Japanese food and located in the center of the city and not kid friendly is Fitzbillies. It has an average price range with an average customer rating.
The Mill is a high priced French coffee shop near The Sorrento in Riverside.
The Twenty Two is located on the river.  It is not kid friendly.
Near the All Bar One, there is a kid-friendly restaurant serving Italian food.  It's moderately priced and is called Green Man.
The Wrestlers coffee shop serves Indian food for less than £20 on the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is not family friendly.
The Vaults is a cheap coffee shop in riverside near Café Brazil, and it has a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
Children friendly restaurant with high prices named The Waterman.
The Twenty Two is a moderate  pub in the city centre that delivers Japanese food.
Alimentum is a family friendly sushi restaurant near the river that has higher prices.
The Waterman offers Chinese food, it is located at the riverside, it is in the high price range and it has an average customer rating. This venue is no children friendly.
The Phoenix is an Indian restaurant with a low customer rating.  They are priced less than £20 and are in the city centre.
The Phoenix is an Italian food serving establishment. It is located on the riverside. It is rated highly and has a price range between £20-25.
The Phoenix is a high priced Chinese restaurant in the riverside area with a 1 out of 5 rating.
There is an Italian coffee shop, Browns Cambridge in the riverside area, near Crowne Plaza Hotel.  It is kid friendly but has a low customer rating.
Travellers Rest Beefeater, near Café Adriatic, has a low customer rating, but you can hang out riverside for. Look to spend more than  £30, though.
Customers rate Blue Spice, located in Riverside near Avalon, as average. It is an inexpensive, family-friendly coffee shop.
The Cricketers is a coffee shop providing Indian food It is near The Portland Arms. Its customer rating is average.
The Waterman is a restaurant providing Italian Pub Food. It is located on the riverside.
The family friendly coffee shop, Aromi, offers up French cuisine in the riverside area. Customer rating is low.
Located near the Crowne Plaza Hotel in riverside, the Browns Cambridge restaurant is a coffee shop that serves Indian food.  Customer ratings for this children  friendly restaurant are high.
The Waterman pub provides adequate Chinese food in the riverside area.
The Golden Curry is a cheap Italian restaurant, situated near The Bakers
Although The Cricketers has a low customer rating, it's a family-friendly pub near The Ranch.
Loch Fyne is breakfast restaurant and has an excellent rating between the comensales. It is located in The Rice Boat.
The Punter is a cheap fast food venue.
Down by the riverside there is a pub called Aromi where you can eat.  It has an average customer rating but is no good for children
At the riverside near the Café Rouge there is a pub serving French food called the Green Man.
Browns Cambridge, located near The Sorrento, is not a family friendly restaurant.
They do English food at The Wrestlers but are not child friendly.  They do have a moderate price range with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café is a kid friendly restaurant known as Strada. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and has a moderate price range.
Loch Fyne is a child friendly expensive restaurant, serving traditional English food.
Midsummer House is a medium priced restaurant. Located near All Bar One.
The Cricketers, near Ranch, is a children friendly pub with a high customer rating.
Located in the city centre, The Wrestlers serves cheap British food. It is not family friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Green Man is a kid friendly Japanese place near All Bar One. Green Man is in the riverside area and have a price range of £20-25.
For a pub near Ranch that is children friendly and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5, try The Cricketers.
There is a restaurant called The Cambridge Blue that serves Indian food. Their customer rating is 3 out of 5.
Family friendly establishment The Olive Grove is a restaurant in the riverside area.
The Rice Boat is a a French restaurant located in Riverside. It is family friendly and receives high ratings from customers.
Browns Cambridge has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and serves French food in the £20 - £25 price range.
A moderately priced coffee shop, Blue Spice, is located north of the city centre near Avalon.
Fitzbillies is a venue that offers kid friendly atmosphere at a moderate price. They are located near Express by Holiday Inn.
Blue Spice is a riverside Chinese restaurant with a high price range.
Cocum is a Japanese coffee shop for adults with a perfect 5 out 5 rating and costing more than £30.
The Mill is above average in price for the area of Riverside, but sells quality Italian food.
The Wrestlers a children friendly, high priced Japanese restaurant with a rating of 3 out of 5.
There is a cheap Indian restaurant Alimentum located in city centre and family friendly.
Loch Fyne is a low-rating riverside French restaurant near The Rice Boat.
Blue Spice is 5 out of 5 and located in riverside. It is children friendly and high priced
The Olive Grove is a kids-friendly pub in the riverside area, and its price for food ranges from £20 to £25.
Located at the riverside, near the Express by Holiday Inn, is The Rice Boat serving French food. The Rice Boat is moderately priced with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Strada is a moderately-priced family friendly French restaurant located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Golden Curry is rated 1 out of 5. It is children-friendly and serves English cuisine. It is located in the riverside area near Café Rouge.
The Twenty Two has a customer rating 5 out of 5 and a price range more than £30. There is no children area. It is located in the city centre near to The Rice Boat.
The Waterman serves French cuisine at a cheap price while being family-friendly located in the city centre, rated 5 out of 5 by customers
The Phoenix offers French food and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is located in the riverside.
Browns Cambridge prices range from £20-25.  It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Olive Grove pub serves French food at above average prices. It is located in the city centre and is not family-friendly.
The Phoenix is Fast food near river side, the customer rating is 3 out of 5.
inexpensive French food at Cotto coffee shop in the city centre near The Portland Arms has average customer rating
Alimentum serves Italian food with a less than  £20 price range, they have a low customer rating. They are near Yippee Noodle Bar located in city centre.
Fast food at high rates at The Phoenix. price £20-25 in riverside
The Rice Boat serves French food.  It is situated near the Express by Holiday Inn.  The prices range is moderate.  It is situated in the city centre and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. Kids are welcome.
Zizzi is a pub providing Indian food Its customer rating is average.
The restaurant Wildwood is near Café Rouge and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Dumpling Tree is located by The Portland Arms. It is not family family, and it is a pub that serves Japanese food.
Wildwood is a coffee shop that serves Japanese food near Ranch with a low customer rating and a price range of less than £20.
The Vaults is a coffee shop near Café Brazil with a price range more than 30 and a low customer rating.
There is a moderately priced restaurant just outside the city centre called The Phoenix. It provides fast food.
The Waterman is a family-friendly restaurant located in the City Centre near the river. It offers moderately-priced wine, cheese, fruit, escargot, and fondue.
The Eagle is a fast food restaurant with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
There is a kids-friendly fast food restaurant near The Sorrento Named Browns Cambridge in Riverside.
There is a restaurant The Mill along river side near The Rice Boat
The Cambridge Blue, a restaurant that serves English cuisine, has attained high customer ratings.
Located riverside near Burger King, and offering outstanding, cheap Indian food, The Eagle is an adult friendly coffee shop.
The Plough pub offers fast food for less than £20.  It is a child-friendly venue located near Café Rouge.
In riverside is the Alimentum the price Range is less than £20 it is not family-friendly but it does serve Italian food
The fast food The Punter has a moderate price range.
Next to The Six Bells is Fitzbillies restaurant.
Fitzbillies has traditional UK food, is expensive and is located near The Six Bells.
I had a bad experience at Blue Spice. I went down to Avalon at the riverside with the family, it was a coffee shop with really high prices and bad food. Looking it up later, I found out it was rated a 1 out of 5.
A non-family-friendly, Japanese restaurant is The Twenty Two.
Fitzbillies at  The Six Bells offers complete meals, deserts and drinks at low prices
Not recommended for families, the cheaply priced The Wrestlers serves fast food.  It can be found in the riverside area and has a customer rating 1 out of 5.
Loch Fyne is  located in The Rice Boat with average customer rating.
Browns Cambridge is located near the Crowne Plaza Hotel and is a coffee shop.
Zizzi is a pub that offers wine and cheese, is rated 5 stars, is located in the centre of the city, and is family friend.
Near the riverside area there is an Indian food restaurant called The Phoenix. The price range is more than £30 and it has a high customer rating.
The Waterman is a Chinese place with a moderate price range and a 1 out of 5 customer rating.  It is kids friendly and located in the city centre.
The Golden Curry is a family-friendly restaurant that serves French food.  It is in the city centre near Café Rouge, but has a low customer rating
The Eagle is an average priced coffee shop style Japanese restaurant with high customer reviews and child friendly atmosphere, near Burger King in the riverside area.
Located close to Ranch, Cotto Italian Eatery is suitable for families.  Cotto has received low ratings.
The non-family-friendly Japanese restaurant named Strada, with an average rating is located near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café, costs less than 20 pounds.
The Twenty Two is a children friendly place and offers Japanese food.
in the city centre near Café Rouge there is a Japanese pub called the Green Man
The Twenty Two pub located in the city centre near Café Sicilia, has a low customer rating.
The Eagles is not kid friendly as it is a riverside coffee shop near Burger King.  Its mid priced fast food is highly rated.
The Vaults is a cheap pub near Café Adriatic with an average customer rating.
Japanese kids friendly place near riverside named The Twenty Two
Cocum is a children friendly pub that serves food in the high price range and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Near The Portland Arms in the riverside area, there is a coffee shop named Cotto which has an average rating from customers for its Japanese food which ranges less than 20 euros.
For no more than £30 you can eat Chinese food a the Wildwood pub. It gets a high customer rating for satisfaction.
In Cambridge city  we offer many places to eat our amazing tasty English food. A very popular place to eat is Zizzi's. Zizzi has very high customer rating and even includes child friendly options. We recommend to tale yourself to a local Zizzi in Cambridge and munch your way to happiness.
If you're looking for a children friendly Japanese restaurant with a high price, check out The Vaults.
Near to Yippee Noodle Bar in Riverside, Alimentum offers Chinese food at a cheap price.  It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Browns Cambridge is an average dine in restaurant that offers food in the low price range.
There is a cheap Chinese restaurant located North of the City Centre by the river. The Phoenix has been rated 3 out of 5 stars by its customers.
Strada is located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café and is rated 1 out of 5 is high priced for fast food and not children friendly.
Browns Cambridge is great for cheap burgers and other similar food.
The Eagle is a coffee shop that serves Fast food.  It is in the city centre near Burger King.  It is cheap and family-friendly.
With a mid price range, The Golden Curry serves Japanese food and is family friendly. They are located near The Bakers.
North of City centre, theres a placed called Cotto. It's a coffee shop that is highly rated in the mid price range.
A Japanese coffee shop with a 5 out of 5 rating is The Eagle near Burger King in the city centre. They are not family-friendly.
The Plough is a pub that provides Indian food in the less than £20 price range. It is near Café Rouge.
Located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café is Strada. It serves expensive Japanese food.  It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and is family friendly.
Cheap fast food near Express by Holiday Inn in the city center, The Rice Boat is a family-friendly restaurant.
The Twenty Two is a family friendly restaurant that offers fast food.
Zizzi in Riverside is a family-friendly coffee shop with prices less than £20 and a low customer rating.
The Waterman pub is Italian in city centre with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Clowns is a pub in the middle price range north of City centre.
The city centre has an English restaurant called The Waterman with a cheap price range. It is family-friendly and has an average customer rating.
Alimentum is a  cheap Japanese food serving place in city center near Yippee Noodle Bar with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
In the riverside area, near The Portland Arms, The Punter is located. It is children friendly, and the price range is more than £30.
In the city centre there is a fast food coffee shop near The Portland Arms. It is called Cotto, it has an average customer rating and is expensive.
There is a poorly rated restaurant The Golden Curry that is family friendly and provides sushi and shrimp.
The fast food  The Golden Curry is a family friendly with a cheap price range near The Bakers.
The Waterman has high priced Italian food, it is in the city center. They are children friendly and there customer rating is 1 out of 5.
A Pub named The Waterman is 1 out of 5 stars and is set next to the riverside while also serving Chinese cuisine.
Cocum is a coffee shop providing Italian food at a high price. They have average ratings and aren't child-friendly.
The Golden Curry serves Indian with low customer rating not family friendly.
Located in The Portland Arms, Cotto is an expensive coffee shop that has a five star rating.
There is a moderate priced Chinese food restaurant called Alimentum with a customer rating of 3 out of 5, in the Riverside area, near Yippee Noodle Bar.
The Golden Curry serves Chinese food with high customer ratings. It is great for the whole family.
The Taste of Cambridge restaurant has an average customer rating with £20 less as the price range.
You can take the family to The Plough pub located near Café Rouge for low-priced food and drink.
A family friendly restaurant, the Green Man, is located near All Bar One in the riverside area.  Japanese food priced right, less than £20.
Giraffe is a children friendly coffee shop with a high price range and a 3 our of 5 customer rating.  It is located near The Bakers.
The Dumpling Tree pub is located near The Portland Arms. They are not kid friendly.
coffee shop, Aromi, is family friendly and serves French food. Located in the riverside area with a low customer rating.
Cotto is a family-friendly Japanese restaurant with an average customer rating. It is located near Ranch and is not family-friendly.
The Rice Boat is a non-kid friendly Italian restaurant in the moderate price range near the Express by Holiday Inn by the center of the city with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Vaults is a restaurant that provides Japanese food.
The Golden Curry offers Indian food located in the centre of the city near Café Rouge. It is not family friendly and only has an average customer rating.
The Waterman is a low-priced restaurant in the north city that delivers family services
The Waterman, with a 5 out of 5 rating, is a child friendly Japanese restaurant in the city centre costing more than £30
Browns Cambridge offers high price items with a low approval rating from customers
The coffee shop Cocum is a low cost family friendly place.
The Golden Palace  pub has a price list of less than £20 and is near Rainbow Vegetarian Café by the riverside
The Eagle is a French coffee shop near Burger King. This coffee ship is family-friendly, has average customer ratings, and average prices.
The Fitzbillies is a moderate priced tapas house located near The Six Bells.
Cheaply priced, city centre coffee shop The Eagle is the fast food alternative to nearby Burger King,  scoring a top customer rating despite not being family-friendly.
Near the Café Rouge you will find the family friendly restaurant, The Golden Curry. Serving Japanese food in the riverside area with a customer rating 5 out o 5.
The Phoenix is a Indian restaurant in the river side. Rating 5 out of 5.
The Vaults has Fast food that is moderately priced, and is kid friendly.
A restaurant called Strada is located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café. It is family friendly with low prices and a high rating.
Giraffe is a pub that is not family-friendly that serves fast food by the riverside.
In the city centre there is a family-friendly coffee shop called Aromi. It serves Italian food and has an average customer rating.
The Rice Boat is a Japanese restaurant near Express by Holiday Inn in riverside.  Even though the customer rating is low they are children friendly and the price range is more than £30.
Giraffe is a coffee shop that is not children-friendly; price range is high, located near The Bakers, has a customer rating 3 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a moderately priced coffee shop serving French food. It is located at the city center and is kid friendly.
The Waterman is a place to bring the entire family.  It is a lower priced burger place near the city centre.
A cheap fast food restaurant in the centre of the city near the Yippee Noodle Bar with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 is Alimentum.
The Loch Fyne is a restaurant North of the city centre which is located near the water. It's a 5 star restaurant, but prices vary. It is located near The Rice Boat.
The Waterman is a family restaurant , cheap with average rating and in the city centre.
There is a low rated kid friendly English place near Café Rouge in riverside.  It is called The Golden Curry,
There is a moderately priced Chinese restaurant called The Dumpling Tree.
The Golden Palace is a moderately priced coffee shop in the city centre that serves Japanese food. The restaurant has low customer ratings.
The Cricketers coffee shop is family friendly. They have a 5 out of 5 star rating, and are located near The Portland Arms.
The Waterman is a low rated Chinese restaurant in the city centre, they are adult only and priced less than 20.
Midsummer House is near Café Rouge.  It serves Chinese food and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Phoenix, serving Indian food, is cheap, has an average rating, and is located in the city centre.
The Cocum is a coffee shop offering Indian food with a customer rating of 5 out 5.  Price wise, it is in the cheap range. It is not a family friendly establishment.
Aromi is a French family-friendly coffee shop in the city centre that has an average customer rating.
Located near The Six Bells is Fitzbillies. A fast food restaurant serving dishes that cost more than £30.
In riverside, is a family friendly, high priced, Italian coffee shop named The Wrestlers. The Wrestlers is near Raja Indian Cuisine.
There is a child friendly restaurant in the high price range name Travellers Rest Beefeater.
Midsummer House is a fast food restaurant of exceptional quality just north of All Bar One. It's quality doesn't come cheap, however, as they have very high prices.
Giraffe serves French food by the riverside. It is a kids friendly pub.
Blue Spice serves English food in the average price range of  £20-25. It is located in the riverside.
There is a cheap Indian coffee shop named Wildwood which has average customer ratings and is located near Ranch.
The Punter is a fast food venue with a price range under £20
Japanese cuisine served at The Eagle, has a rating of 3 out of 5. This kid friendly coffee shop will range in price from 20-25, and is  located near Burger King in the center of the city.
The Phoenix is  a high price range Chinese restaurant in the city centre with an average customer rating.
The Twenty Two is a child friendly Japanese restaurant located in Riverside.
Cocum, a French coffee shop has a low customer rating of 1 out of 5 but is kids friendly.
In riverside near The Sorrento, you can find the coffee shop called The Mill. They sell Italian food with the average price being £20-25.
The Rice Boat serves fast food. in a family friendly environment. It is on the riverside by Express by Holiday Inn with a low customer rating.
The Waterman is a breakfast oriented pub north of the City centre.
burgers fries and drinks family friendly Aromi is a 5 star coffee shop.
For Italian food you can go to The Eagle, it has an average rating.
The Waterman is a  low quality and low price Wine, Cheese and Olive restaurant located by the Riverside. It is not family friendly.
Clowns is a one star restaurant located on the river near Clare Hall.
Loch Fyne is a family friendly fast food restaurant which is moderately priced.
Family friendly venue The Wrestlers offers good value hearty British food at a great price, located in the city centre
There is a cheap coffee shop, Wildwood is located next to a Ranch.
The Cricketers is a highly rated, kid friendly pub near the Ranch.
There is an Indian restaurant near Crowne Plaza Hotel  called The Waterman. It is family friendly.
Home cooked meals at The Phoenix near Chesterton Road.
The Twenty Two is a family friendly fast food place.
The Golden Palace is a restaurant in the high price range.
There's a restaurant in All Bar One called Midsummer House that has high-end Italian food.
The cheap Italian restaurant Bibimbap House is located in the riverside area near Clare Hall.
Cotto is a poorly rated mid priced coffee shop that offers fast food. It is located near The Portland Arms in the City centre.
Rated 3 out of 5, Strada is a Japanese pub near Yippee Noodle Bar
A cheap Chinese place in City Centre is called Alimentum.
A family friendly pub near Riverside that serves cheap Indian food is called The Olive Grove.
Midsummer House is a cheap Indian restaurant near All Bar One with an average customer rating.
The Eagle is a coffee shop serving average priced Italian food. Is child friendly but has a poor customer rating. Located in riverside near 'Burger King'.
There is a family friendly restaurant located near the Burger King called The Eagle coffee Shop.  It has a 3 star rating.
There is a moderately priced, £20-25, Italian restaurant that is also kid friendly called Loch Fyne.
The Rice Boat, situated on the riverside, serves a range of Japanese food.
The Rice Boat is a middle priced, 1 star restaurant located near the Express by Holiday Inn.
Located near Café Sicilia The Punter offers kid friendly French food with prices ranging from £20 to £25. The restaurant is a coffee shop with a high customer rating.
Browns Cambridge is a cheap, average venue.
The family friendly The Waterman coffee shop located next to the river. It has low costumer rating and the prices are high.
More of a family choice, the 'The Vaults' provides Chinese food in a children-Friendly environment. A typical visit will cost anything more than £30.
Browns Cambridge sell spaghetti and wine, has an excellent rating and is in the medium price range. Located in a busy part of town.
You will find a moderately priced Chinese restaurant called Green Man near All Bar One in city centre. This establishment is not kid friendly.
The restaurant 'The Golden Palace' is located in the city center and has a low customer rating.
Browns Cambridge is a 5-star coffee shop that serves fast food, with a family-friendly menu. It can be found north of the city center, nearby the Crowne Plaza Hotel, beside the river.
The Strada is a family friendly, three star British restaurant that is located next to the Rainbow Vegetarian Café with a medium price point.
Welcome to the Green Man. We are not children friendly. Our food is English, and we are located on the riverside near the All Bar One. Our price  range is high.
The Twenty Two is a family friendly Italian food venue.
At riverside operate children-friendly Fast food coffee shop named Fitzbillies high priced ad rated 1 out of 5.
Midsummer House is a venue.  It specializes in Indian food.  It has a customer satisfactory rating of 3 out of 5.  Midsummer House is near Café Rouge.
For family friendly and cheap fast food, The Golden Curry is near The Bakers.
Zizzi is a cheap, family friendly coffee shop with an average customer rating located in the riverside area.
Fitzbillies coffee shop in riverside isn't family-friendly, has a low customer rating that is less than £20.
Blue Spice is a child-friendly coffee shop with a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is suitable for those with a high price range and it is located near Avalon at the riverside.
The Plough pub serves food and drinks for the whole family. It is close to the Café Rouge.
The Phoenix sells moderately rated and prices Indian food in Riverside.
there is a coffee shop  that is not child friendly which has customer ratings of 3 out of 5 and  which serves Italian food called The Punter which is near Café Sicilia
The Wrestlers is a fast food restaurant providing high customer rating which is not kid friendly in the mid price range.
The Phoenix is located in riverside and is a  providing Italian food  ,  and customer rating is average.
In riverside, there is a family friendly spot called The Twenty Two.  This average rated establishment, located near The Rice Boat, has options that make it possible to dine out for less than 20 pounds.
Midsummer House is an Indian restaurant with a low customer rating near Café Rouge.
Fitzbillies is an inexpensive coffee shop for adults only. It is located near the river and serves burgers and fries.
The Plough, a friendly family pub serving French food with meals less than £20, is near Café Rouge.
Near riverside, The Rice Boat is a family friendly establishment. They serve Indian food for moderate prices.
Browns Cambridge serves expensive Indian food with average customer ratings.
This Italian food restaurant called The Golden Curry is a kid friendly site and is rated 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies, a nice family-friendly coffee shop located in city centre, serves Indian food at reasonable prices.
Cotto offers sushi near the Ranch in an adult-friendly atmosphere.
based in the city centre the Aromi pub does not cater for children also holding a low customer review.
On the riverside area are located Alimentum, has a very good French food for adults and kids, his price range are over 20 to 25£.
Near The Sorrento in riverside is a coffee shop that serves Italian food called The Mill who's price range is moderate.
Blue Spice is a moderately priced adult gathering spot located near St. John's College.
I know of a highly rated coffee shop in the city centre near Avalon named Blue Spice. It's £20-25 and it's not kid-friendly.
A restaurant in the average price range. It is kid friendly is called Travellers Rest Beefeater.
Located near The Rice Boat, The Twenty Two has low prices, high customer ratings and is in the city centre. Please note The Twenty Two is not child friendly.
The Waterman is a family-themed restaurant located next to the river.
The Golden Curry is located in the riverside area near Café Rouge. It's a kid friendly atmosphere, and serves highly rated Chinese food.
The Vaults is a fast food place that costs more than 30 pounds and is not children friendly.
The Golden Curry, near Café Rouge and located in city centre is family-friendly, French food restaurant. The customer ratings are 5 out of 5
The Phoenix is a highly rated French eatery in the city centre, prices start from £30
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop providing Indian food in the more than £30 price range. It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is high.
The Golden Curry is near The Six Bells and is child-friendly.
The Dumpling Tree is an English, family friendly pub near The Portland Arms.
Alimentum is a child friendly, fast food establishment by the riverside. It is moderately priced.
The Waterman is a kids friendly Japanese food restaurant near Crown Plaza Hotel.
Bibimbap House is a cheap Japanese restaurant in riverside near Clare Hall.
Loch Fyne is a low rated French restaurant located in the riverside area near The Rice Boat.
The Punter has 3 stars and a variety of food
The Wildwood is an expensive Italian restaurant with average customer ratings and is located near the Ranch.
Customer rated 1 out of 5, The Eagle sits riverside for a high price.
The Eagle is a restaurant that serves English food.  It has an average customer review.
Clowns, a non child friendly restaurant near Café Sicilia has a price range of more than 30.
Midsummer House, an Italian restaurant near All Bar One, offers food at less than £20 with a low customer rating.
There is a high priced coffee shop called The Vaults in the riverside area near Café Brazil. Previous customers have rated it as 1 out of 5.
In the riverside area near Café Rouge is The Golden Curry which is the family friendly and serves French food and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5
Alimentum is a restaurant with a high price range which serves Indian food. With a customer rating of 1 out of 5, it is located in the city centre near Yippee Noodle Bar.
Giraffe is a family friendly coffee shop near The Bakers.  It has a low price range and a low customer rating.
Midsummer House near Café Rouge serves English food. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
If you're looking for a higher priced, kid friendly environment, visit Blue Spice. A cute little coffee shop in the city centre near Avalon. Customers give it a 5 out of 5.
The Phoenix is a moderately priced English restaurant situated in the city centre. It has a low customer rating.
Blue Spice has a moderate price range and is in riverside.
Cocum is a moderately priced Indian coffee shop. It is rated 3 out of 5 by its customers and is kid friendly.
The Golden Curry is a children friendly restaurant that serves Indian food. This restaurant has an average customer rating.
Aromi is a child friendly riverside pub with a 1 out of 5 customer rating.
Indian food is served at The Golden Curry,  a kid friendly restaurant with high customer rating.
The Golden Curry is a Japanese restaurant located near Café Rouge in the riverside area. It is not family-friendly and has an average customer rating.
Cocum coffee shop offers snacks and spirits at mid-cost in a family-friendly environment.
A highly rated kid friendly coffee shop near the river is called Aromi. It is Japanese.
The coffee shop Wildwood near Ranch has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and sells high priced Japanese food.
The Eagle is a coffee shop with a service of fast food, in city centre near of Burger King
The Chinese food restaurant, The Wrestlers, has an average price range of £20-25. Even though it is not kid friendly it does have a high customer rating.
The Waterman is located in the riverside area and serves Indian food for less than £20. It has a low customer rating and is not family friendly.
Family friendly restaurant Loch Fyne serves Japanese food at less than £20.
Taste of Cambridge is a coffee shop and Indian food restaurant located in the riverside area near the Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is not family friendly.
There is a coffee shop called Cotto, that serves Italian food, is located near The Portland Arms in riverside and that is moderately priced. This gets a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Aromi is a riverside pub that is kids-friendly and has a high customer rating.
A Chinese food place with an average customer rating that is not family friendly is called The Golden Curry.
The Eagle has a 1 out of 5 rating and serves Italian food.
Cocum is a kids friendly restaurant with a high customer rating.
Around the corner from Café Sicilia you will find The Dumpling Tree, a child friendly coffee shop near to the river.
There is a coffee shop named Cotto in the city centre, near The Portland Arms. It serves Italian food and has a high customer rating. Prices range from £20-25.
Bibimbap House, near Clare Hall, is an English restaurant.  They serve inexpensive food and are located in the riverside area.
There is an English food family friendly restaurant Browns Cambridge located on the riverside near The Sorrento.
Midsummer House is a high rated restaurant that serves Chinese food near Café Rouge.
The Rice Boat offers Indian cuisine in the riverside area. It is not family friendly and has overall low customer ratings.
The Olive Grove is a pub with Chinese food that costs less than £20. It is not family friendly and is located in the city centre.
There is a children friendly restaurant called The Plough located near Express by Holiday Inn.
Near The Six Bells with a price range of less than £20 serving Japanese food is Fitzbillies.
Aromi is a coffee shop which provides Indian food. It has an average customer rating and is located in the city centre. It is not family friendly.
Alimentum is a  cheap Japanese food serving place in city center near Yippee Noodle Bar with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Strada is expensive, but is highly rated by customers.
Near to The Sorrento is Browns Cambridge. It serves English food,  is child friendly and is by the riverside.
There is a moderately priced restaurant called The Plough located near The Bakers. It is not child friendly.
There is an Italian called The Phoenix in the Riverside area. its price range is cheap and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Japanese food restaurant in city centre near Clare Hall, called Bibimbap House with moderate price range.
The Wrestlers is a kid friendly Chinese restaurant with a moderate price range and a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop that serves Indian food with average customer rating in the riverside area.  Yes, it is children friendly and located close to the Crowne Plaza Hotel.
The Wrestlers coffee shop is located near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre area. It serves Japanese food in the moderate price range and is child friendly
The Cricketers is a coffee shop that serves Indian food near The Portland Arms.
Families welcome at The Golden Curry.  5 star rating
The Phoenix is a restaurant located far North from the center. of Cambridge. Prices are fair, not cheap but not too expensive. Wine and other liquor is served as well.
The Sorrento in riverside. The Mill serves Japanese food for less than £20 in a coffee shop
Close to the city centre is a moderately priced restaurant called Green Man.  it is not family friendly.
Zizzi , a family-Friendly coffee shop which is cheap has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 and is in the riverside area
Bibimbap House, located near The Rice Boat in the city centre sells Japanese food.
The Cotto serves Japanese food near Café Rouge
The Plough is an English Café near Café Rouge with a child friendly atmosphere and a high price range.
The Punter is a kid friendly coffee shop serving Japanese food with a moderate price range near Café Sicilia with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Cambridge Blue is a cheap fast food restaurant near Café Brazil.
For a kid friendly, highly rated Chinese restaurant, try The Golden Curry, located in the riverside area near Café Rouge.
Giraffe is a French pub located in riverside good for kids.
The Twenty Two is a family friendly, fast food restaurant in the riverside area.
Fitzbillies, family friendly, coffee shop offers a variety of Indian food in the Riverside area.
Alimentum is a French cuisine just by the riverside. Majority of meals cost less than £20 and the restaurant is family friendly.
The Cricketers is a pub near Ranch. It is not family-friendly and has a low customer rating.
A high customer rating restaurant named The Golden Palace that is near the riverside.
The Twenty Two is a child friendly Japanese restaurant.
The Vaults is a Japanese place with a more than £30 price range that is children Friendly.
The Cambridge Blue is a Japanese pub for more than 30 euros near Café Brazil.
Browns Cambridge, located in the riverside area near the Crowne Plaza Hotel, is a kids friendly coffee shop with a 3 out of 5 customer rating.
Located in the city centre, The Rice Boat is a family-friendly Japanese restaurant with a low customer rating.
Adult-only Chinese restaurant, The Waterman, offers top-rated food in the city centre.
if you go down the riverside area there is a nice child friendly fast food place called The Rice Boat which has high ratings from previous customers
The Waterman Pub in Riverside has a star rating of 1 out of 5 serves Japanese food.
While receiving mid range customer ratings of 3 out 5, you still might want to check out the moderately price pub eatery called Wildwood.  They offer fast food to guests.
I was looking online for ratings and found a kid friendly pub that has a high rating. It's Japanese and its called Zizzi.
Loch Fyne Fast food restaurant has a price range of less than 20 ponds and yes it is family friendly.
The Rice Boat is a children friendly restaurant located in the riverside area, which serves French food. It is a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Pub style Fast food served at The Waterman on the riverside with a 3 out of 5 customer rating.
In riverside there is a moderate price range Indian coffee shop called Fitzbillies that is not kids friendly and has a 1 out of 5 customer rating.
Clowns is a coffee shop that serves Japanese food and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is located near Clare Hall in the riverside area.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop which serves Indian food. It is based in the riverside area near the Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is child friendly. It has 1 out of 5 stars.
A pub in the high price range of more than £30, is Clowns. Its customer rating is low and it is in the riverside area.
Blue Spice, is a coffee shop that is family Friendly,with price Ranges that are less than £20, near Avalon and riverside, its customer Ratings are low.
The Fast food restaurant Alimentum offers food less than 20 in the riverside area, but is not family-friendly.
The Vaults,  a coffee shop  in the riverside area  near Café Brazil with an average customer rating and a high price range.
Located near The Portland Arms on the riverside is a coffee shop that serves Japanese food. Its called Cotto and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Mill public house in the city centre serves Italian food in the higher price range.
Riverside fast food pub The Waterman has a high customer rating.
Japanese food is served at The Wrestlers which  is in the price range £20-£25.  It is  not kids friendly and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5
Taste of Cambridge is a coffee shop serving Italian food. It is not family friendly.  It is based in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
The Dumpling Tree is a coffee shop in the price range over £30 and not children-friendly. Located in center of city near the Café Sicilia.
Strada is a Japanese  pub has a great customer Rating of 5 out of 5. It s a Japanese  pub, near Yippee Noodle Bar.
There is a moderately priced, highly rated Italian restaurant in city center called The Phoenix.
Near the Yippee Noodle Bar is a restaurant called the Alimentum. It is in the City Centre with a high customer rating and a price range between £30 and £25.
The Olive Grove is a family friendly restaurant in the area of riverside.
Taste of Cambridge is a French coffee Shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel in riverside. it is family-Friendly.
Blue Spice is located in the city center and is an expensive Italian restaurant.
The Phoenix is an Indian restaurant with a moderate price range and near riverside. It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Blue Spice is an expensive family friendly restaurant near the river. It is rated 1 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge is a noodle restaurant located near The Sorrento.
Fitzbillies is an Indian restaurant located near The Six Bells, with dishes which cost less than 20 pounds.
With a customer rating of 1 out of 5,  an environment which is not children-friendly and relatively high-priced menu items, The Waterman is not a top pick among Indian cuisine restaurants in the riverside area.
The Golden Curry is located near The Bakers.  This fast food venue is children friendly and most selections range more than £30.
Cotto is a fast food restaurant near Café Rouge
The Eagle is a kid friendly coffee shop that also serves Italian food.  It has a high customer rating, so if you are interested it is located near Burger King in city centre and the bill will be around £20-25.
Travellers Rest Beefeater in near Café Adriatic, in riverside has a high price range and an average customer rating.
Near The Rice Boat in the riverside area is the Loch Fyne with English food and an average customer rating.
The Punter cooks Japanese food the price is cheap
At the Giraffe pub we serve great food including Japanese cuisine. We are in an attractive riverside location and we are children friendly.
Aromi is a family friendly coffee shop that serves Indian food.  It has a low customer rating  and is located in  the city centre.
If you are looking for a fast food restaurant, The Punter provides meals for more than £30.
Aromi is a highly rated and child-friendly Indian coffee shop located in Riverside.
The Waterman is a Chinese restaurant with dishes costing less than 20 pounds. It has a low customer rating and is located in the riverside area. It is not family friendly.
The Rice Boat serves high priced English food in a child friendly environment and has an average customer rating.  It is located near the Express by Holiday Inn in the centre of the city.
If looking for a family-friendly coffee shop, The Wrestlers is located in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine. The price range is less than £20 for Japanese food.
There is a family friendly restaurant in the city The Golden Curry. They have high customer ratings and they serve French food.
Near Café Sicilia is a coffee shop with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and a moderate price range serving Japanese food and is child friendly called The Punter.
In the riverside area, near Burger King, there is a  fast food coffee shop called The Eagle. It is rated 3 out of 5 and is moderately priced but not kid friendly.
Near Ranch there is a low rated English family friendly restaurant named Cotto
The Phoenix restaurant offers French food in the more than £30 price range. It has a low customer rating an is in the riverside area.
Non-child friendly coffee shop Cocum is  low customer rated and the price range is more than £30.
At The Wrestlers, We are a family-Friendly cheap Fast food place. It is in the cheap price range with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Blue Spice is a mid-range fast food restaurant located on the river.
The Giraffe, an Italian pub, is kid friendly in the riverside area.
children Friendly Type restaurant  Cocum customer rating is very high.
The Vaults is a coffee shop in the riverside area, near to Café Brazil. It has an average customer rating and a price range of less than £20.
with an average customer rating and high price range the children friendly The Twenty Two in riverside is near The Rice Boat
The Rice Boat is located near Express by Holiday Inn. It's a three star, family friendly restaurant that is family friendly.
Midsummer House a 1 star restaurant that offers shrimp and sushi. Just North of Café Rouge.
Want some fast food and a family friendly attitude. Some to Browns Cambridge coffee shop located next to the riverside and Crowne Plaza Hotel. You won't regret out average rating.
The Giraffe pub is child friendly located in the riverside area it serves Italian food
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop that also offers full meals at affordable prices.  It is located in the city centre.
The Vaults is a riverside coffee shop with average customer rating but cheap coffee, near Café Brazil
There is a moderately priced Chinese restaurant called The Dumpling Tree.
Taste of Cambridge serves French food that is kids friendly. It is in Riverside near Crown Plaza Hotel
English food with a high customer rating and a price Range more than £30 can be found at   the  Cotto coffee shop in riverside near The Portland Arms  ,
Loch Fyne restaurant has a price range of more than £30,it serves Italian food and yes its child friendly .
In the Riverside area is Alimentum which is near The Yippee Noodle Bar, they offer great English food at a little higher price.
a child friendly pub with a price range of over £30 named Cocum has low customer ratings.
Green Man is an Italian restaurant in Riverside. It is a child friendly near All Bar One. The price range is more than 30 .
The Clowns pub at the riverside ranges between £20 and £25 and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5
There is a cheap pub Wildwood, with delicious English Breakfast
The Olive Grove is a pub in the city centre that provides French food with a price range of more than  £30. It is not children friendly.
There is a cheap Italian restaurant called The Dumpling Tree.
City centre is home to a restaurant that has a 5 out of 5 customer rating for the Chinese food it serves. The restaurant is called The Phoenix.
The Golden Curry is in the riverside area near Café Rouge. It serves 3 out of 5 rated Indian food and is kid friendly.
Located in the centre of the city, Fitzbillies is a  3of5 coffee shop moderate, serves food for all, including kids friendly
Strada near Rainbow Vegetarian Café serves Japanese food is children-friendly has a low customer rating and a price range of more than £30.
A French restaurant with a low customer rating and a price range of over 30 euros is a children friendly restaurant named The Waterman and located along the riverside.
The pub Wildwood is expensive. It serves Indian food and has an average customer rating.
Zizzi coffee shop has a 3 out of 5 rating, price range £20-25, is kids friendly, and located in the city centre.
The Midsummer House in an eat-in sushi restaurant. It has an over-all rating of one star. It is located just Northwest of Café Rouge.
There is a children friendly Indian restaurant called The Rice Boat locate din city centre, near the Express by Holiday Inn. The restaurant has a high customer rating, and a price range of upward of 30 euros.
Clowns coffee shop sells sushi close to Clare Hall in Cambridge.
a 5 out 5 English pub in the riverside area would be The Waterman
The Vaults, serves moderate priced English, and is kid friendly.
Taste of Cambridge is a non family friendly Japanese coffee shop, just a short distance along the riverside from the Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Located in the centre of the city, The Rice Boat is non-family-friendly. Their English food is rated 5 out of 5 by customers.
The Golden Curry is a French restaurant with a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is family friendly.
The Plough is an Italian pub near Café Rouge that is average priced and family friendly.
The Wrestlers is a restaurant food Italian providing in the 20-25 pound people rating high,kids friendly yes
Blue Spice is near the city centre area.  Not children friendly.  High price range.  3 out of 5 customer rating.
The Eagle is an English food with an average rating
The Vaults  is a moderate-priced pub near Café Adriatic that has a customers score 3 out of 5.
The Phoenix is a cheap restaurant that serves Japanese food in the city centre. It has a customer rating 5 out of 5.
Midsummer House is near All Bar One and service Chinese food within a high price range but it has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
There is a high price Range children Friendly restaurant called The Vaults.
There is a Japanese restaurant called The Phoenix that has low customer ratings.
The Phoenix is a French food. It located near riverside. . Many people rated it 5 out of 5.
The Olive Grove is a pub that serves Italian food at a less than average price range. They are family friendly and located in the Riverside area.
Fitzbillies, a non-children friendly Indian coffee shop, had a high-priced menu and customer rating. Fitzbillies is in the riverside area.
Near Café Sicilia by the riverside, there's a coffee shop called The Dumpling Tree with cheap prices and a family-friendly ethos.
Japanese dining at a 5 star level, The Golden Curry is the place to go for families as it is kid friendly.
A low priced coffee shop in the city center near Avalon is Blue Spice. It is not family-friendly, and low rated.
In the city centre is a 5 out of 5 rated Japanese cuisine coffee shop, Fitzbillies, that is not children friendly and costs more than £30.
Cocum has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 and serves inexpensive food.  It is not family-friendly pub.
There is a highly rated, family friendly coffee shop serving Indian food near Café Sicilia called The Punter.  The menu is priced over £30.
The Phoenix, is an Italian restaurant with low prices and highly rated and located in City centre.
Blue Spice is a restaurant in the city center that serves Japanese cuisine for more than 30 pounds.
Finding cheap Japanese food is difficult. There's a coffee shop named Cocum rated 5 out of 5 that serves what you're looking for, but it's for adults only.
The Twenty Two  is a highly rated, but not kid friendly eatery located in the city centre by The Rice Boat. It is in the price range of £20-25.
Taste of Cambridge pub is children friendly.  It is near The Sorrento located on the riverside.
There is a child friendly restaurant next to the riverside called The Olive Grove.
A children-friendly coffee shop called The Wrestlers is in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine. The price range is more than E30 and it serves French food.
The Rice Boat has no children friendly services and food. This English restaurant, located at the riverside near Express by Holiday Inn, has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Rice Boat is a fast food restaurant located near Express by Holiday Inn in the city centre. It is not family-friendly, has a price range of less than 20GBP and a low customer rating.
Near Express by Holiday Inn a 3 star medium priced family friendly restaurant called Fitzbillies.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop just outside of the city. Prices are middle-ranged.
The Rice Boat is a cheap restaurant located near Express by Holiday Inn.  The Rice Boat is family friendly and is rated three stars.
Midsummer House is a sushi restaurant, rated five stars, that is moderately priced and located by All Bar One.
Located near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café, The Rice Boat has a high price range and average customer rating.
Cotto is a coffee shop providing Indian food in the moderate price range. It is located in the city centre. It is near The Portland Arms. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Clowns is a coffee shop that serves Indian food in the city centre near Clare Hall. It's rated 5 out of 5 by the customers.
The Punter is a low rated Italian food coffee shop. It is located near Café Sicilia and is children friendly.
The Golden Curry is a child friendly Fast food restaurant with a 5 out of 5 customer rating
Located inside of Café Sicilia, The Punter is a family friendly coffee shop.
Alimentum provides Indian food in the moderate price range. It is located in the city centre. It is near Yippee Noodle Bar. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Clowns is a coffee shop that serves Japanese food. It is located near Clare Hall in the area of riverside. Clowns has an average customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Alimentum is an English restaurant in City centre.  The prices are low, but it is not family friendly.
Riverside has a low priced pub called The Twenty Two located near Café Sicilia.
There is a coffee shop that has fast food for less than £20 called The Mill.  It is in the city centre near The Sorrento.
Here is The Phoenix a Chinese restaurant on the riverside with average customer ratings.
There is a Japanese coffee shop with a price range of more than £30. It is called Fitzbillies and is located within the city centre. It has a low customer rating and is not child-friendly.
The Plough is a cheap, family friendly pub located near Café Rouge.
Giraffe is a children friendly coffee shop with high customer ratings providing a price range of more than 30.  It is located near The Bakers.
The Golden Palace on the riverside serves moderately priced French eating and is rated 1 out of 5 by customers.
Cotto is family friendly Italian food restaurant in the riverside area near Ranch Cotto has negative customer feedback.
Customer rating 3 out of 5. Chinese food, The Golden Curry, near Café Rouge in Riverside.
Fitzbillies is a 5 out of 5 customer rated Indian and coffee shop by the riverside that's cheap and family friendly.
Clowns by the riverside is a moderate priced pub with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Rice Boat is in the city centre.  It serves French food.
The Wildwood pub has five stars and it is moderately expensive.
The Waterman is Japanese and family-Friendly near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
The Punter is a family friendly coffee shop serving French food at low prices, it is sited in the city centre near Café Sicilia.
For French cuisine try The Twenty Two. It is also kid friendly.
The Eagle, with a customer rating of 3 out of 5, is a high priced restaurant located in the city centre.
The Twenty Two is an Italian food restaurant that is kids friendly.
The Mill is a pub located near the river that serves food and drinks in the mid price range.
Fitzbillies is a medium priced Chinese restaurant near The Six Bells
The Twenty Two provides Chinese food. It is not family friendly.
Midsummer House is a restaurant providing fast food in the low price range. It is located near All Bar One. There is a cheap restaurant Midsummer House located near All Bar One that provides Fast Food. Midsummer House is a low-priced restaurant near the All Bar One that provides Fast Food.
Aromi is a coffee Shop providing Italian food. It is located in city center and have 5 out of 5 costumer rating and family-friendly too
Alimentum provides Indian food in the £20-25 price range. It is located in the city centre. It is near Yippee Noodle Bar. Its customer rating is high.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop with a price range less than 20 and serves Japanese food. It is in the riverside area and is not family-friendly. The customer rating is low.
Located in the riverside area The Waterman serves cheap British food. It is not family friendly and has a low customer rating.
There is a 5 out of 5 rated coffee shop called The Vaults near Café Brazil in riverside. Prices begin at £30.
The Rice Boat is is a children friendly Japanese establishment. It is located by the riverside near The Express by Holiday Inn with a price range of more than £30 and customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Rice Boat is a restaurant providing English food in the price range between £20-25. Located in the city centre, near Express by Holiday Inn, The Rice Boat is highly rated and kid friendly.
For a cheap family friendly Italian meal visit Strada. It has an average customer rating and is located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
The Dumpling Tree is a Japanese style restaurant with cheap prices.
Near All Bar One is Midsummer House. They are rated 3 out of 5 stars and serve moderately priced English food.
Midsummer House serves Japanese food in the less than £20 price range. It's located near All Bar One and has a low customer rating.
There is a children friendly pub in riverside called The Olive Grove. It's a high priced venue serving Italian food.
Riverside houses Bibimbap House near Clare Hall and a Japanese restaurant with prices lower than £20.
The children friendly French restaurant Cotto near the Ranch has a low customer rating.
In the riverside area there is a place called The Waterman which serves French food costing more than £30. It is not children friendly and has a low customer rating.
Zizzi is highly rated but also quite pricey coffee shop on the riverside.  It welcomes families and children.
A fast food restaurant by the riverside is The Phoenix with a 3 out of 5 customer rating.
Located near City Centre is a pub that serves fast food called The Waterman.
The Rice Boat is not children friendly and high-priced serving English food with a 1 out of 5 rating near Express by Holiday Inn in the city centre.
Alimentum, British food reasonably priced and child friendly. Find us by the river.
Clowns is an average riverside Japanese coffee shop near Clare Hall.
The Dumpling Tree is a family friendly English pub located near The Portland Arms
Cocum is a family friendly restaurant with a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
In riverside, near Café Rouge there is The Golden Curry. It serves Chinese food, and the customer Rating is 3 out of 5, is a kids Friendly site.
The Vaults is a medium priced pub near to Café Adriatic with a high Customer Rating
The Rice Boat is an English, kid friendly restaurant in the riverside area with a 3 out of 5 customer rating.
A no Kids friendly restaurant located near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café has a moderate customer rating of 1 out of 5 called the Strada Fast food
Looking for Chinese restaurant with a poor customer rating, then The Eagle is for you.
Fitzbillies is a five star coffee shop outside of city center. It serves sushi in a high price range, and has a family friendly environment.
The Rice Boat near the Express by Holiday Inn within the city center server up cheap English food with 5 out of 5 stars and yes children are always welcome.
Green Man serves Indian food for a moderate price. It is located in the city centre area near All Bar One and yes, it is kid friendly.
Zizzi is a coffee shop in the city centre with a 5 out of 5 customer rating. They are child friendly and are in the price range of more than £30.
Alimentum is a family friendly Indian restaurant, prices are less than 20, in the riverside area.
The Rice Boat provides Indian food in the high price range. It is located in the city centre. It is near Express by Holiday Inn. Its customer rating is average.
Family friendly coffee shop The Wrestlers Situated riverside near the Raja Indian Cuisine.  Offering great food at cheap prices.
A family friendly restaurant named The Golden Curry is located on the riverside. The customer rating is 5 out of 5 and it is located near the Café Rouge.
The Mill is a pub that serves Italian food.  It is located in the Riverside area and the prices range from £20-25.
The Waterman is located beside the river and serves Japanese food. It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and a price range of £20-25. It is not kid friendly.
The Golden Curry, near Café Rouge in riverside, is a French restaurant with average customer ratings. It is not family-friendly.
British food restaurant Midsummer House is rated 3 out of 5 stars.  Located near Café Rouge.
The coffee shop called The Eagle, near Burger King in the riverside area, is a children friendly restaurant that serves Indian food and has 1 out of 5 stars, it has a high price range.
The Eagle is located in the center of the city near Burger King. It is a coffee shop that serves fast food and is not kid friendly. The price range is moderate and the customer rating is 3 out of 5.
There is a pub named The Cambridge Blue that provide English food near Café Brazil and the price is moderate
kids-friendly Green Man serves moderately priced French food in the city centre near the All Bar One.
The Phoenix is a restaurant that sells Indian food, price range is high, average customer service, located in Riverside
Wildwood is a pub providing Italian food in the less than  £20 price range and low customer range.
Loch Fyne offers Chinese food. Its customers rating is average. It is in the city centre and it is near The Rice Boat.
Near to the Café Rouge in the riverside area is The Golden Curry offering Indian food. It is children-friendly but has an average customer rating.
The Cambridge Blue is an Italian restaurant with an average customer rating.
Wildwood can be found near the Ranch. The low priced Italian coffee shop is rated 1 out of 5.
Zizzi is a pub with very high customer Rating. The pub is Kids Friendly. The food offered they serve is French.
There is a Italian coffee shop Fitzbillies that provides food and beverages in less than £20. It is family-friendly and located in the city centre with low ratings.
The Golden Palace, customer Rating 5 out 5 is restaurant in the centre of the city.
Strada is an English restaurant with low ratings and moderate prices. Strada is located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
Located in the city centre, The Eagle is near Burger King. It is a coffee shop that is family-friendly with cheap prices and low ratings.
Alimentum is near the riverside and has an average price range. It allows children.
Blue Spice at the riverside has a price range of more than £30.
Fitzbillies is near The Six Bells and it serves food at an average price.
In the Café Rouge neighborhood you have Midsummer House serves  French food and has  positive  customer feedback.
The Eagle is a striking coffee shop near Burger King in the area  Riverside, service features Japanese food, family atmosphere, warm clentele and moderate prices
The Wildwood pub serving Chinese food has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and a moderate price range.
The Eagle serves expensive Indian food.
The Loch Fyne is a British restaurant that is inexpensive, serves breakfast, and permits families.
The Green Man restaurant is child-friendly, mid-range in riverside.
A high priced sushi pub is located beside the Café Brazil called The Cambridge Blue.
The Rice Boat is a family friendly moderately priced restaurant located in Riverside  near the Express by Holiday Inn.  It has a 3 out of 5 rating.
Browns Cambridge is in the high price range at more than £30, but is rated low by customers.
There is a coffee shop serving Italian food, called Browns Cambridge, near The Crowne Plaza Hotel, Riverside, which is child friendly.
The Rice Boat is a Japanese restaurant that is located in the riverside area near to Express by Holiday Inn. It has a low customer rating, a price range of less than £20 and it is not family-friendly.
Wildwood is a average- priced restaurant near the Ranch.
The Rice Boat serves Japanese food for a cheap price. It is poorly rated and family friendly. It's location is on the riverside near to Express by Holiday Inn.
The coffee shop, Fitzbillies, located at the riverside, serves high priced Indian food. They are child friendly and have a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Near Express by Holiday Inn in the city centre, there is a family-friendly Japanese restaurant named The Rice Boat with a price range less than L20 and low customer rating.
Located near Ranch, The Cricketers is a child friendly pub with a customer rating 3 out of 5.
There is a pub located near Café Brazil named The Cambridge Blue and has Italian food with a moderate price range.
In the riverside area, the Blue Spice restaurant offers up Italian fare.  Average per person cost is more than L30.
The Golden Palace is a Japanese coffee shop located in the city centre. It has a high customer rating and a medium price range of 20-25 GBP.
The Rice Boat is a moderately priced, sushi bar, located outside the city centre, beside Express by Holiday Inn.
Alimentum is located in City centre near Yippee Noodle Bar.  Is is pricey, and has a one-star rating.
Midsummer House is a local well-priced venue located next door to All Bar One.
Browns Cambridge is a low-priced, five-star, fast food restaurant.
In Riverside there is a cheap family friendly restaurant near The Portland Arms called The Punter.
Fitzbillies near The Six Bells serves English food in the range of £20-25.
Blue Spice is a kids friendly coffee shop by Avalon. It's near the riverside and has a high customer rating. its price range is between 20 and 25 Euros.
The Waterman is a children friendly English restaurant near the Crowne Plaza Hotel.
The Eagle Is an Indian restaurant with a 1 out of 5 customer rating
A riverside pub with high customer satisfaction, The Twenty Two pub is situated near Café Sicilia.
Alimentum is an average priced Indian restaurant with a low rating located riverside near the Yippee Noodle Bar.
Blue Spice is a sushi restaurant located north of the City center.
The Waterman is a restaurant that is located on the river in City centre and serves pasta. It is moderately priced, family friendly, and has a five star rating.
The Olive Grove is a pub that serves highly priced Italian food. It is situated in the city centre and is child friendly.
The Twenty Two serves Italian food in a family friendly environment.
There is a fast food place with high ratings near All Bar One called Midsummer House. The price ranges from 20 to 25 pounds.
The Twenty Two is a kid friendly French restaurant located on the riverside.
There is a cheap Italian food restaurant  near All Bar One called Midsummer House with an average customer rating.
In the city centre is The Waterman.  It is kid friendly and offers mid priced French food.  It is highly rated by customers.
The Twenty Two serves fast food in Riverside.  It is family friendly.
The Cambridge Blue is a high-priced fast food pub near Café Brazil.
A family friendly pub with average customer rating sells Japanese food and is called Zizzi
Aromi is a non-family-friendly, average Italian coffee shop in the centre of the city.
The Phoenix is a high-priced fast food restaurant locate in City Centre.   1 out of 5 customer rating.
Highly rated, the average price Taste of Cambridge provides restaurant prices between £20-£25.
The Wrestlers is a one star mid priced family friendly fast food restaurant.
The Golden Curry is a one star restaurant near Café Rouge.
The Rice Boat is a family friendly fast food restaurant located near the Express by Holiday Inn. Prices are high, but it is rated 5 out of 5.
Loch Fyne serves Italian food in the riverside area.  It is near The Rice Boat and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
For a cheap coffee shop offering French Food, try The Eagle.  It is located in the city centre, near Burger King, and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Near Café Sicilia in Riverside is a child friendly coffee shop called The Dumpling Tree for more than £30.
The Rice Boat is a Chinese restaurant with a high price range that is rated average by customers. It is  children friendly and near the Express by Holiday Inn.
Browns Cambridge is a child friendly coffee shop serving Japanese food. It is located in the riverside area near Crown Plaza Hotel, but has a low customer rating.
The Olive Grove pub makes the best burger and fries.
Cotto coffee shop has Indian food at a cheap price with an average customer rating. Cotto is located by the riverside near The Portland Arms.
Giraffe near The Six Bells has a restaurant with more than £30 price range
The Rice Boat in riverside near Loch Fyne serves French food, had a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Green Man is a pub that provides Chinese food It is located in the city centre. It is near Café Rouge.
The Olive Grove is a moderate price range English pub that is Kids friendly, located near the city centre area.
Alimentum provides fast food for less than £20. It has a low customer rating. Alimentum is in the riverside area near Yippee Noodle Bar.
Children friendly Italian food in Riverside by Café Rouge is The Golden Curry which has high customer ratings.
Near Express by Holiday Inn in the city centre you can find a poorly rated French restaurant called The Rice Boat.  It does not feel very family-friendly although its prices are quite reasonable.
The Vaults, a family friendly Italian place for less than £20.
Zizzi is a Japanese, children friendly pub with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Cambridge Blue is a high priced pub in the city centre near Café Brazil.
There is a French place with a price range of less than 20. The Phoenix is in the city center.
The Waterman near Crowne Plaza Hotel serves Italian food and is kids friendly.
Aromi is a Japanese restaurant which is on the riverside
The Golden Palace is a high-priced, average-rated Indian coffee shop in the riverside area.
The Phoenix serves fast food at a high price. They are located near the river and have a high customer rating.
Aromi is a kids friendly pub in the riverside area. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
In the city centre there is a kid friendly Japanese restaurant called The Rice Boat. It has a perfect customer rating score.
Near the Crowne Plaza Hotel, there is a family  friendly restaurant that serves Indian food called The Waterman.
Fitzbillies  is located in city centre . It is coffee shop providing Indian  food in the price range  £20-25.
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop located in City Centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel.  5 out of 5 customer rating.
In the riverside area there is a highly rated, expensive restaurant called The Eagle.
Th fast food restaurant The Phoenix  has three stars and is moderately priced.
Located in city centre, The Phoenix serves English food. Although expensive they received a high customer rating.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop that serves French food for less than £20 with an average customer rating.  It is located at the city centre
Strada is a pub which serves Chinese food has a high customer rating of 5 out of 5, and is located near Yippee Noodle Bar.
There is a high priced range coffee shop called The Wrestlers located in City Centre that is family friendly and offers Raja Indian Cuisine.
By the riverside there is a pub that serves sushi called 'The Olive Grove'. It is reasonably priced and has a family friendly environment.
Near The Bakers you can find a restaurant which is child friendly called The Plough.  It is however quite expensive.
The Golden Palace is a 5 star restaurant in the riverside area.
Cocum is a restaurant that is kid-friendly and has a high rating.
Alimentum is a cheap wine and cheese bar situated north of the city centre. Must be of legal drinking age.
The Plough is a family friendly pub restaurant that serves fast food. It is located near Café Rouge.
The Cambridge Blue is an affordable pub located near Café Brazil.
The Punter is an Italian coffee shop near Café Sicilia. The price range is cheap and the customer rating is average. It is not family-friendly.
Situated in the riverside area, Zizzi is a restaurant with moderate prices.
A cheap, family-friendly pub is located in the riverside area. It is The Olive Grove.
The Cambridge Blue serves Indian food is near Café Brazil.
The English style food establishment The Waterman is located near Crown Plaza Hotel and caters to children too.
Giraffe is a restaurant near The Six Bells.  Price ranges are from £20-25.
The family friendly fast food place, Cotto has  high ratings. It is situated near Ranch.
Browns Cambridge offers Indian food at average prices and has a high customer rating.
Browns Cambridge is rated 3 out of 5 by customers.
The Strada has a 5 out of 5 customer rating and is a Japanese pub near Yippee Noodle Bar.
The Punter is a reasonably priced restaurant.
The Golden Palace is an expensive coffee shop but with very good rating.
Sip your French roast riverside at the The Mill coffee shop near The Sorrento. It offers coffee at a moderate price range.
There is a low customer rated Japanese coffee shop in riverside called Fitzbillies. It is not children friendly.
Right on the Riverside near the Express by Holiday Inn there is a French restaurant suited for couples named The Rice Boat, a meal will cost £20-25.
If you're looking for family-friendly, Italian food, The Twenty Two is the place to go.
The kids friendly pub, The Dumpling Tree is located near The Portland Arms. It serves Japanese cuisine.
Aromi, a fast-food coffee shop in the Riverside area, has received a low customer rating.  It is not family-friendly.
if you are looking for a place that is not child friendly that serves English food and in the high price range then there is a place called The Vaults
Wildwood is a low price coffee shop that serves pasta. It has a rating of three stars, and can be found near Ranch.
Fitzbillies is a sit down restaurant providing quality Sushi at a reasonable price. It is located close to The Six Bells.
The Cambridge Blue is a cheap pub near Café Brazil that serves Japanese food.
Customers give Fitzbillies a 3 out of 5 rating, and it is close to the Express by Holiday Inn. Its prices are average for Cambridge and it welcomes children.
The Dumpling Tree is a Chinese restaurant serving food for under twenty dollars.
Cotto is a  coffee shop providing Italian  food in the low price range with a 1 out of 5 rating.  It is located in the city centre near The Portland Arms.
The Punter is a moderately priced coffee shop serving Indian food near Café Sicilia. It is not kid friendly. The Punter has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies serves English cuisine and is in the £20-£25 price range. It is located near to The Six Bells.
There is a child friendly coffee shop named Giraffe near The Bakers. The price range of this highly rated coffee shop is £30 and above.
A 3 star restaurant near the All Bar One is the Midsummer House, which is a high-priced sushi bar.
A family-friendly pub, Zizzi offers French cuisine. It has an outstanding customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Loch Fyne is near The Rice Boat and has a rating of one star.
The Cambridge Blue is a Chinese restaurant with a 1 out of 5 rating.
Near The Portland Arms is the child friendly The Dumpling Tree pub. It's know for its Japanese food.
The riverside is home to an Italian pub called The Mill, with cheap prices.
Zizzi is a children friendly coffee shop with a price range more than  £30 and a high customer rating.
A child friendly and high price range restaurant is Travellers Rest Beefeater.
The Phoenix provides Indian food in the cheap price range. It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is average.
The Eagle serves French food and has a high customer rating.
Fitzbillies. 5 out of 5 Japanese food at a coffee shop in the city centre. Non child friendly and costs more than £30.
The Plough Pub is a high quality place full of family friendly atmosphere. It is located in Café Rouge.
Come check out Strada family friendly restaurant at an affordable price conveniently located next to the Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
The Vaults is a high price range coffee shop in riverside area near Café Brazil.
Fitzbillies coffee shop and licensed Tapas eatery, 5 stars at an affordable price, by the riverside. Children welcome.
The Plough has an average price range of £20 -25.  The Plough, near The Bakers is a kid friendly restaurant.
There is a Chinese pub that is located near Yippee Noodle Bar it has average ratings a 3 out of 5, the pub is called the Strada.
The Rice Boat is a Family- Oriented five star restaurant. It is located near Express by Holiday Inn.
Located near Riverside, The Waterman serves moderate priced Chinese food. It is children-friendly and has a low customer rating.
Wildwood is an expensive pub that serves expensive Chinese food, and has high customer ratings.
Clowns is a coffee shop that provides a wide variety of French food around the average price range. It is located near Clare Hall by riverside. Clowns is a low-priced restaurant that can deliver take-outs for a low price.
Kid-friendly Aromi is a pub in the riverside area with a 5-star rating.
The Vaults is a friendly-friendly restaurant serving moderately-priced traditional British food.
A restaurant that also has a moderate price range is The Golden Palace.
The Punter is a one star rated coffee shop serving sushi at a moderate price range. It is located near Café Sicilia and is not family friendly.
The Phoenix is an Italian restaurant. It is in the low price bracket.
Located by the riverside, Blue Spice has a low customer rating. It is children friendly and has a price range of more than £30.
In the city centre located near The Portland Arms there is a cheap coffee shop called Cotto that offers fast food and has a low customer rating.
Cotto the cheap French coffee shop in the city centre near The Portland Arms has a customer rating of 5 out of 5
Blue Spice restaurant is located near the river and offers higher priced fare. This location is not family friendly. Located on the outskirts of the city centre.
The Mill is a pub serving Fast food in the city centre. It has a price range of less than  £20.
Cocum is a cheap Japanese coffee shop and it's rated 5 out of 5. It's also family friendly.
Green Man is located near Café Rouge in the city centre. It is a pub style environment which serves Japanese food.
Alimentum is a family-friendly eatery with a low-price range. It is close to the river.
Near Clare Hall in the riverside area, there is a coffee shop that serves fast food named Clowns, which has high customer ratings.
One may enjoy Indian food at The Olive Grove pub, located in the riverside area.  Prices are over 30 pounds and it is child friendly.
The Aromi is a 1 star rating  place. It's a family coffee shop.
There is a Fast food restaurant named The Golden Curry. It is located near Café Rouge on the riverside. Customers rate the food a 1 out of 5.
There is a high priced French eatery named The Punter.
Near The Rice Boat in Riverside is The Twenty Two, a place with a rating of 3 out of 5 and an average price range of £20-25. It is also kids friendly.
There is a fast food pub called Wildwood. It is highly rated and the price range per meal is 20-25.
Cotto is located on the riverside near All Bar One with a price range of £20-25
The Punter is a sushi bar located in the middle of nowhere
A French pub called Zizzi is family friendly and rated 5 out of 5
The Phoenix is a Japanese restaurant in the moderate price range. It is located in the city centre and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Phoenix has low customer ratings. It is Italian and located in the city centre.
Midsummer House has five star meals near Café Rouge.
Fitzbillies, near Express by Holiday Inn, is a high priced, low rated restaurant that you can take your children to.
Fitzbillies is an average-priced Italian coffee shop that serves adults in the riverside areas. They have average reviews.
In the city centre, The Rice Boat is located near the Express by Holiday Inn. Its child friendly with a high customer rating. They serve Indian food in the £20-25 price range.
The Rice Boat is a high priced Chinese restaurant in riverside near Express by Holiday Inn. Rated 1 out of 5 and kid friendly.
Loch Fyne is an Indian restaurant that is not family friendly.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop in city centre with a customer rating of 3 out of 5. This fast food place is moderate priced.
The Waterman is a pub which serves Italian food. It's located on the riverside and its customer rating is low.
Near the Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre there is a non family-friendly coffee shop called the Taste of Cambridge, it serves Japanese food.
The Vaults is an average coffee shop in a great riverside area. It is located near Café Brazil. The price range is great as well, less than E20
The Twenty Two is not family-friendly restaurant.
Green Man is low priced and serves Japanese style food. It is located in the City center. near All Bar One and it is family oriented.
In centre of city near the Express by Holiday Inn is a family-friendly venue; The Rice Boat, price range is low being under £20 serves English food and has low customer ratings.
The Golden Curry Indian isn't family friendly but it does have a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Aromi is a coffee shop providing Indian food It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is low.
Zizzi, a coffee shop in riverside, has a customer rating of 3 out of 5, kid friendly service, with a price range of £20-25.
A Fast food pub known as The Olive Grove is known to be more suited for adults in the City Centre.
Aromi offers a traditional English breakfast while being located on the side of the river.
The Eagle is a coffee shop, which also provides Indian cuisine at moderate prices. Customers have rated the food 3 out of 5. The Eagle is situated near the riverside and Burger King. Children are welcome.
near The Rice Boat in riverside, there is Loch Fyne with Japanese food and high customer ratings of 5 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a kid friendly Japanese coffee shop in riverside with high customer ratings and prices between £20-25.
Blue Spice, with prices less than L20, is an Italian restaurant located near the city centre.
Near the riverside is family friendly Chines restaurant named The Rice Boat which has high customer ratings.
A restaurant with a high price range is The Golden Palace.
Green Man is a great place near All Bar One in the Riverside area with a friendly atmosphere and moderate prices
For an Italian coffee shop in the riverside area that is child friendly and has a high customer rating, try Aromi.
The Waterman provides Indian food in the high price range. It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is average.
An Italian food restaurant with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 is The Cambridge Blue.
The Golden Curry offers English food. Other customers give it an average rating. Children are welcome.
The Dumpling Tree is a high-end Sushi restaurant.
Alimentum is a family-friendly restaurant located outside the city centre.
The Phoenix is our new riverside venue. A low customer rating won't stop us from offering delicious French food for a price of more than 30.
Located near the city centre with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 is called Aromi. It serves French food. It is not family-friendly.
The Alimentum is located in the City centre near Yippee Noodle Bar.  It is high-priced, but 5 star quality.
The Waterman offers Japanese food with a customer rating 3 out of 5 and a price range of £20-25.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop located on the river side with cheap prices.
Cotto is an expensive coffee shop that is rated five stars. It is located in The Portland Arms.
A highly rated Italian restaurant called The Phoenix, located in the center of the city has medium price range fare 20-25lb.
Come visit Giraffe, our new family friendly coffee shop located near The Bakers. Boasting an average customer rating and prices less than 20, you will love this place.
Cotto is in the Riverside area near The Portland Arms, it is high priced and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
kids Friendly restaurant  The Twenty Two located within Riverside serves Japanese food
There is a fast food coffee shop located in the riverside that has low prices and is called Fitzbillies. It is not family-friendly but is rated 5 out of 5.
a moderate restaurant in the riverside area would be Zizzi
The Cambridge Blue is a restaurant that provides Chinese food Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
The Phoenix is an average restaurant at the riverside which serves English food.
There is a cheap restaurant The Cambridge Blue located in the next to Café Brazil that provides food.
Near The Portland Arms, The Dumpling Tree is a kids friendly is an Italian pub.
Giraffe is an English pub located in riverside. It's kid friendly.
Midsummer House serves Indian cuisine. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5, and can be found near Café Rouge.
The Wrestlers are family friendly with a price range of less than  £20. The food is English and the customer rating is low.
There is a mid price range restaurant called Taste of Cambridge. It has a low customer rating.
The Mill is a coffee shop that serves sushi in the mid-price range. It is located near The Sorrento.
Fitzbillies is a restaurant British offers meals at low prices and is located in the city center.,there The Six Bells It provides fast foods at a reduced price
With a customer rating of 3 out of 5, the child friendly Strada has high prices
The Phoenix is a low-priced restaurant in the city centre that delivers take-away.
There is a restaurant Alimentum providing Chinese food with price range less than £20. It has low customer rating and is located in city centre near Yippee Noodle Bar.
There is an average restaurant The Phoenix that is located in the City centre. It offers Chinese food.
Although you will spend more than £30, The Olive Grove pub is a child friendly place for Chinese food.
Wildwood is a French coffee shop near Ranch with a 3 out of 5 customer rating. It is mid priced.
A restaurant named The Rice Boat is not family-friendly. It is located in the city centre area. It has English food and an average customer rating.
The Dumpling Tree is a restaurant and  provides  Italian food   and as high price range
For a children friendly pub that serves Japanese, visit The Plough.  It is located near Café Rouge.  The price range is more than £30.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is a moderately-priced restaurant in the riverside area near Café Adriatic. It was rated 3 out of 5 by customers.
The Mill is a moderately priced French pub located in the city centre.
The Mill is an Indian Pub with a cheap price range located in the riverside area.
The Golden Palace is a highly rated coffee shop on riverside serving Italian food in the 20 to 25 pounds price range.
The Twenty Two is an English, children friendly restaurant in the riverside area.
The Punter is located near The Portland Arms in the city centre. Their prices are less than £20 and they are family-friendly.
Loch Fyne is high cost French restaurant but it's children friendly.
A amazing French coffee shop is called the Taste of Cambridge. The coffee Shop is near the Crowne Plaza Hotel in riverside. They love kids.
Children friendly with a price range of more than £30, The Waterman.
No, The Eagle is French restaurant with coffee shop on side Burger King in the city centre with low rank and price less £20
Customers have rated Japanese food serving Strada as average. The place can be found near Rainbow Vegetarian Café. It does not welcome children.
A high priced, Japanese coffee shop near Café Sicilia is called The Punter. It is child friendly and has rating of 3 out of 5.
The Punter is a highly rated, kid friendly coffee shop near Café Sicilia.  It serves Japanese food priced between £20-25.
Blue Spice is a family friendly coffee shop with decent prices and a three star rating located near Avalon.
Midsummer House offers French food for less than £20.  It is located near All Bar One and has an average customer rating.
There is an expensive restaurant called Strada that is children-friendly. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Golden Curry is a Fast food restaurant that is near The Bakers has a moderate price range and is not kid friendly
High rated French food in Midsummer House located near All Bar One, price range £20-25.
The Cambridge Blue is located near to Café Brazil. It is a high cost pub serving Japanese food for around £30.
There is a value for money restaurant called Fitzbillies.  It is a low cost take away restaurant near to The Six Bells, on the outskirts of the city centre.
With a price range of more than L30, The Dumpling Tree is a coffee shop in the city centre near Café Sicilia.  It is not children friendly.
Italian food is available at The Rice Boat in the city centre. It has an average customer rating and it is not family-friendly.
English food in a price range of high is served in Fitzbillies, near The Six Bells.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly, cheap Italian restaurant with average customer ratings.
Bibimbap House Is a Japanese restaurant near Clare Hall by a riverside in the City centre with a average price rating.
Browns Cambridge is a cheap restaurant for dinner of the best hamburgers in the city. We have three stars of experience.
The Cricketers is a kids friendly pub near Ranch . It has a very low customer rating.
The Watermans, near the river, serves average food.
In the riverside area near The Sorrento, The Mill is a French coffee shop that has cheap prices.
Alimentum serves Japanese food. They are family friendly, cheap, and by the river side.
Alimentum is a Chinese restaurant near Yippee Noodle Bar in the river side. High rating and Price range is £20-25.
Rated average, Zizzi is a family friendly pub that specializes in English cuisine.
Italian coffee shop The Cricketers is an adult 5 out of 5 establishment near The Portland Arms.
The Cambridge Blue pub has Italian in the moderate price range and is located near Café Brazil.
Low ratings, but low prices, Blue Spice coffee shop is family-friendly and located near Avalon in the city centre.
Midsummer House provides Indian food in the £20-25 price range. It is near All Bar One. Its customer rating is high.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop with a 3 out of 5 customer rating. Serving Japanese food, and child-friendly, it is located near Crowne Plaza Hotel in riverside.
With a customer rating of 1 out of 5, The Cricketers, located near The Portland Arms, is a kid friendly coffee shop serving French food.
Browns Cambridge is an expensive restaurant with a rating of 1 out of 5
Blue Spice is in the riverside area with an average price range.
Strada provides Chinese food in the high price range. It is near Rainbow Vegetarian Café. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Near The Portland Arms, The Dumpling Tree is a kid friendly pub offering English food.
Alimentum provides cheap Indian food with a high customer rating. It is near Yippee Noodle Bar in the city centre.
The Wrestlers is a high priced, child friendly, Fast food coffee shop in Riverside, near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Rice Boat, located near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café, has a high price range,  and a customer rating of a 3 out of 5.
Blue Spice is a child friendly, 5 star restaurant near the riverside. It is in price range of £30 and up.
Midsummer House near All Bar One is an average Indian place that's on the expensive side.
Rated 5 out of 5, The Waterman is a French pub in Riverside.
The Cambridge Blue, a fast food pub near Café Brazil, has more than  £30 as a price range.
Located close to the Yippee Noodle Bar, Alimentum is a low rated Japanese restaurant that costs more than £30. You'll find us in the city centre.
The Rice Boat is a Japanese establishment on the riverside with a high customer rating, unfortunately it does not welcome children.
If you're looking for a child friendly Fast food restaurant then try Loch Fyne. It has a price range of £20-25.
Aromi is an Italian coffee shop in the riverside area that is child friendly and has a high customer rating.
The Mill is a pub offering Indian food in the higher price range located in the city centre.
The Plough is a cheap restaurant located next to The Bakers. It is not family friendly.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop that serves French food for less than £20 in the riverside area. It receives and average customer rating.
Fitzbillies offers Fast food and is located near The Six Bells, it has a price range of £20-25.
there is a Italian restaurant with a food rating of 1 out of 5 called The Cambridge Blue
The Waterman is a pub beside the river with a one star quality rating.
Near Ranch is Wildwood.  Wildwood is a Fast food restaurant with a high customer rating and a price range of £20-25.
Browns Cambridge is a French restaurant near The Sorrento based in the riverside area that is child friendly.
From around £20 for Indian food, The Eagle coffee shop can provide great service and a child friendly environment right by the riverside. They are located near Burger King.
By the riverside is the restaurant Zizzi, which offers food within the price range of £20-£25.
Strada is a pub near Yippee Noodle Bar. They serve fast food and have a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Dumpling Tree is a pub that serves Japanese cuisine. It is located near The Portland Arms and is family friendly.
The Wrestlers serve cheap Indian food in a family friendly environment. The overall rating is average.
Near The Rice Boat in the city centre is a kid friendly, 1 out of 5 rated and moderately priced restaurant called The Twenty Two.
Strada is an Indian restaurant near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café. It has an average customer rating, is kid friendly, but is pretty expensive.
There is a Fast food coffee shop located near Raja Indian Cuisine in riverside called The Wrestlers. It has a moderate price range and is not kid friendly.
Near All Bar One, Midsummer House serves moderate priced Italian food. Customer Rating : 3 of 5
The family friendly Loch Fyne restaurant serves fast food in low prices.
The Olive Grove is a Italian pub in riverside with a high price range and it is not a child friendly zone.
In riverside near The Rice Boat, you'll  find the average rated Italian restaurant Loch Fyne.
There is a cheap pub located near Café Rouge called The Plough that offers Indian food at a low price range.
The Twenty Two is Indian food in the city centre that is family friendly.
The Vaults is a coffee shop in the high price range. It is located in the city centre, near Café Brazil, and customers rate it 3 out of 5.
The Punter is a Japanese coffee shop situated near Café Sicilia. A little pricey averaging £20-£25 with high customer ratings but not child friendly.
By the riverside close to the Rainbow Vegetarian Café there is a pub with a price rage of £20-25 called The Golden Palace.
Clowns is a pub offering moderately priced choices.  It is located in the riverside area.  Customers give it a 1 out of 5 rating.
An inexpensive fast food coffee shop 'The Mill' in riverside near 'The Sorrento'.
The Blue Spice coffee shop caters to children and is in the riverside area near the Avalon. Its price range is high and the customer rating is average.
On the river road passing The Rice Boat, Loch Fyne is a good, medium priced restaurant
5 out of 5 child friendly pub with a price range of more than £30 named Cocum.
Located in the city centre area is The Golden Palace, a moderately priced French coffee shop.  It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Welcome to The Waterman, located by the riverside. We serve English food and our price range is cheap. We are not family-friendly and our customer rating is average.
The Rice Boat is restaurant with high customer ratings costing more than £30. It is located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
Taste of Cambridge is a coffee shop providing Indian food It is located in the riverside. It is near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
A 3 star family friendly coffee shop located near the river and Burger King is The Eagle.
The Rice Boat is a child family restaurant which sells fast food for those with a high price range. This establishment has an average customer rating and is located in the city centre near Express by Holiday Inn.
The Mill is a pub that sells Indian food for a high price in Riverside.
The Phoenix has a price range of less than £20 and serves English food in the city centre area with a low customer rating.
Wildwood is a restaurant. Great for kids.
A pub serving English food with an average customer rating is Yippee Noodle Bar.  It is located near Strada.
There is a cheap restaurant Browns Cambridge it serves Italian food.  It has excellent customer reviews.
For Fast food in the riverside area try children friendly The Twenty Two.
The Wrestlers, a one-star, low priced sushi restaurant serves adults only.  It is located near The Bakers.
The Waterman is a pub located near the river and offers French food. It has a 1 out of 5 rating.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop in the city centre that serves Indian food. It has low customer ratings considering it is not child friendly and is moderately priced.
The Golden Curry is a family friendly, French, restaurant in Riverside with an average customer rating near the Café Rouge
I think for have a good food, you can get Italian high food that name is Midsummer House near Café Rouge.
The Mill is a coffee shop providing French coffee near The Sorrento riverside area.
In riverside there is a place that serves English food called Alimentum near Yippee Noodle Bar. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 and it has a cheap price range
There's a pub that serves Indian food for decent prices called Wildwood. Although, it's poorly rated.
For a French restaurant in the Riverside area, The Phoenix has a 3 out of 5 customer rating.
The Rice Boat provides Chinese food in the cheap price range. It is located in the riverside. It is near Express by Holiday Inn. Its customer rating is average.
The Olive Grove is a pub that serves Indian food. The price range is £20-25 an it is located in the riverside. Yes it is family friendly
The Eagle is a cheap, one-star coffee shop. It is family friendly and is near Burger King.
Near Rainbow Vegetarian Café, Strada is a non family-friendly Japanese restaurant. It has high prices and low ratings.
The Rice Boat providing French Food. It is located in riverside area near Express by Holiday Inn. Have 3 out of 5 costumer rating. Start from low price and family-friendly.
Customers rate 5 out of 5 for The Cambridge Blue fast food restaurant.
There is a cheap restaurant The Phoenix it sells Chinese food and it is cheap. The consumer ratings is average it is in the middle of the city.
The Dumpling Tree is a fast food restaurant with prices less than £20.
Bibimbap House serves English food and is near The Rice Boat in the area of riverside.
Blue Spice is located north of the city centre. It is a low price option and it has a nice view.
Located riverside near The Rice Boat is Bibimbap House offering Indian food.
In the riverside area, close to The Sorrento, is a cheap coffee shop serving Italian food called The Mill.
The Golden Curry Indian restaurant is family friendly, but has low customer ratings.
The Cricketers is a pub, located across from Ranch.
Mid price ranged The Punter serves Japanese food in a highly rated coffee shop near Café Sicilia; sorry not child friendly.
In the area of riverside and near Crown Plaza Hotel is Browns Cambridge. It is a coffee shop that has French food, has a customer rate of 1-5, and is kid friendly.
Located near All Bar One, The Cricketers serves English food.
The Eagle coffee shop is children friendly. The shop has 1 out of 5 rating due to it high-priced items. You could find the shop near riverside next to Burger King.
The Vaults is a family Friendly Fast food restaurant that is in the cheap price range
The Olive Grove is a moderately priced adult pub located in the city centre that serves English food.
The Olive Grove is a kid friendly pub and has average prices in riverside.
In the city centre, there is a cheap Italian coffee shop with a 5 out of 5 customer rating. It is called The Golden Palace.
The Plough is a French food house. It located near Café Rouge. The price range is high. Public like to est there. It's children friendly.
There is a moderately priced Italian restaurant located in the city centre called The Waterman. This restaurant has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and is not child friendly.
Cocum is a low rated not family-friendly pub. Typically spend less than £20.
Aromi is a family-friendly fast food restaurant and coffee shop. It is located in the city centre and customers rated it average.
Alimentum is a five star, high priced place to eat.  Its location is right off of the river near Yippee Noodle Bar.
The Twenty Two in Riverside, is a pub with a customer rating 1 out of 5 and is located near Café Sicilia.
The Wrestlers is a Japanese style place. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5 and price range is typically more than 30 pounds. The only thing is that it is not children friendly.
There is a cheap place The Vaults where the family enjoys  great and tasty hamburgers and sodas.
Low rated but boasting low prices and a family-friendly fast food experience, The Waterman can be found in the city centre.
Strada is a restaurant aimed at older people serving well priced quality English food. It is located near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
The Waterman pub near the river has good reviews.
The Rice Boat in the city centre which is a Express by Holiday Inn is not family-friendly, sell English food and has a 1 out of 5 rating.
The Waterman is a pub providing Chinese food It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is high.
There is an Italian coffee shop called The Golden Palace which also offers food. It can be found in the centre of the city, it is slightly expensive and customers rate it as average.
The Green Man is a fast-food restaurant near All Bar One with a moderate price range. It's located near riverside and is kids friendly.
Near The Bakers, there is a kid friendly fast food place called The Golden Curry that is in the moderate price range.
A moderately priced restaurant, Blue Spice is kid-friendly and rated 1 out of 5 by its customers. It is located by the riverside.
If you fancy a nice cheese board with wine, or a fondue to share with your family, then try The Rice Boat. With views of the river and a reasonably good rating, you can even bring small children and prams in.
The Punter is a tapas restaurant and low priced.
Serving English food, The Phoenix, is located in the center of the city. It has a high rating with the price range of more than L30.
Aromi is an Italian restaurant. It is located at riverside.
The Waterman is in the riverside area. It is a Fast food pub with a high customer rating.
With a 1 out of 5 customer rating and high price range, The Golden Palace coffee shop in riverside serves Italian food.
Near Raja Indian Cuisine by riverside, there's a coffee shop selling Japanese food. It's called The Wrestlers, it's kid friendly and costs around £20-25.
Green Man, in Riverside, is child-friendly with a price range of more than £30.
The Wrestlers is a high priced and high rated restaurant, which is also family friendly.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop, serves Indian food, cheap price range, average customer service, located in City Centre, family friendly
Alimentum is located in riverside near Yippee Noodle Bar. It has Indian food,it is high priced. It has average customer ratings
And expensive and low rated venue is Browns Cambridge.
The Waterman restaurant, located in riverside, has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 with fast food and children Friendly.
Strada is an above average pub that serves Italian food near Yippee Noodle Bar.
The Golden Curry is a family-Friendly restaurant that is near The Bakers, it is good cheap English food.
The Phoenix in the city centre serves lots of wines and cheeses at a five star rating and mid-range price.
Cotto, a coffee shop near The Portland Arms in the riverside area, is rated high by customers.  It serves fast food in the high price range.
A coffee shop called The Punter, near Café Sicilia, is family friendly and has average Fast food.
In city centre The Waterman serves cheap Italian food with average ratings and is not family-friendly.
Located next to the river is a low priced coffee shop, The Golden Palace has a 5 star rating which provides wine and snacks.
A kid friendly restaurant called The Travellers Rest Beefeater costs £20-25.
This children friendly Indian food restaurant, The Wrestlers, has a price range of more than £30 and has a high customer rating.
The Dumpling Tree is a pub near The Portland Arms. It serves French food and is child friendly,
A family friendly venue near The Six Bells is called The Golden Curry.
With a 1 out of 5 rating Midsummer House serves Italian cuisine in the high price range, found not far from All Bar One.
The Phoenix is an average Chinese food restaurant located in the City centre.
For under £20, The Wrestlers coffee shop, located near Raja Indian Cuisine, delivers Japanese food in a riverside, family friendly environment.
with a 3 out of 5 star rating the Cocum is a coffee shop with Italian food which is family friendly and is in the cheap price range
Although with a high price range, the Green Man is a children friendly place by the riverside.
Blue Spice is a coffee shop that has a price range of greater than £30 and is located in the riverside area near Avalon. The customer rating is low but it is a kid friendly shop.
Browns Cambridge is a low rated coffee shop serving fast food.  This venue is not family friendly, and can be found in the riverside area, close to Crowne Plaza Hotel.
The Wrestlers is a five star restaurant located outside the city centre.
A cheap restaurant located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café is Fitzbillies.
Visit Strada, children friendly and prices range more than £30 but it has a high rating from customers.
Customers have rated Cotto, located near Ranch, as average. It is a children friendly place serving Italian food.
Rated 5 out of 5, Strada is a Japanese pub located near Yippee Noodle Bar.
The Mill coffee shop is based in the riverside area near The Sorrento.  It serves Italian food at mid range prices.
There is a coffee shop, The Eagle, serving Indian food along the riverside near Burger King. It is kids friendly and is moderately priced with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Rice Boat is located near Express by Holiday Inn in the riverside area. It serves Chinese food priced between £20-25 with high customer ratings despite not being child friendly.
In the city centre, The Waterman is a low rated Chinese restaurant that is adult only and less than 20.
The Olive Grove comes in the moderate price range.  The Japanese pub is situated in the city centre but isn't kids friendly.
The Twenty Two is a restaurant that provides English food in the Riverside area with a Family Friendly environment.
The high priced coffee shop Cotto in the city center near The Portland Arms has average Italian food
The coffee shop Aromi serves Indian food near the riverside, and has a 5 star rating in addition to being family friendly.
The Mill is a French pub near Riverside in the high price range.
Alimentum is an affordable American style restaurant that is family-friendly. It is located just North of City centre.
A five star, moderate priced, family friendly restaurant that serves pasta is The Waterman. It is located on the river in City centre.
Bibimbap House, in the riverside area has a fast food menu, in the higher price range of £30 plus. It is near Clare Hall.
Due to the poor customer rating of 1 out of 5, The Rice Boat in city center near the Express by Holiday Inn plans to shut down. Although the kid friendly environment and moderate price ranges, sadly it cant help them to start business soon.
Cocum is a child friendly pub in the high price range with a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
The Mill is a coffee shop serving French food with an average cost of more than £30 in the city centre area near The Sorrento
The Golden Palace is a low rated, high priced coffee shop that also sells Italian food and is located on the riverside.
Located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café, Strada is a family friendly French restaurant costing less than £20, with a customer rating of average.
The Plough is a kid friendly Italian pub near Café Rouge with moderate prices.
There is a low rated French restaurant in the riverside area called The Waterman that is kid friendly and moderately priced.
Strada the family friendly, restaurant with a full menu is located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
Cocum is a coffee shop that serves Japanese food. its prices range from £20-25 and it has a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is not kid friendly.
The Dumpling Tree has a price range of more than £30 and is a fast food restaurant.
Alimentum is a cheap seafood restaurant located in City Centre.
The Olive Grove is in the riverside area. It is not a  family-friendly restaurant.
There is a low price range coffee shop Cotto located close to The Portland Arms. It has a superb view across the river.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop with food in price range less than £20.
The Cambridge Blue is a pub located near Café Brazil serving Italian food and having a price range of over 30 pounds.
Giraffe has a low customer rating.  It is a coffee shop near The Bakers.  It has a price range of less than 20 pounds and is family friendly.
in the riverside area near The Sorrento is The Mill coffee shop with a moderate price Range serving  Italian food
Serving expensive fast food is Strada located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café. its customer rating is average and it is not child friendly.
The Wrestlers is a moderately priced coffee shop offering fast food and is kid friendly. It is located near Raja Indian Cuisine in riverside.
The Phoenix, an Indian restaurant by Riverside, is a highly rated place to eat by customers.
The Wrestlers, restaurant is a inexpensive place that families go to.
Near the Café Rouge on the Riverside is a child friendly place called The Golden Curry which serves Japanese cuisine.
Located in the riverside area, Alimentum is a child friendly, medium priced venue for French food.
Aromi is a family friendly pub near the riverside with a customer rating of five out of five.
The Olive Grove is a cheap family-Friendly riverside pub that serves cheap Italian food
Near the All Bar One, in the riverside area, is a child friendly restaurant in the  £30 range providing English food.  The restaurant is called the Green Man.
Near Yippee Noodle Bar is a low-rated pub serving Japanese food. It is called Strada.
There is a Chinese restaurant named Blue Spice providing food at less than £20.
The Olive Grove is a family friendly, mid-priced pub.
Cotto is a cheap coffee shop in the city centre. It is located near The Portland Arms. It also offers Italian food. Its customer rating is average.
There is a cheap fast food restaurant called Alimentum located near Yippee Noodle Bar in Riverside. The restaurants has received an average customer rating.
The Olive Grove is a kid friendly pub in riverside that is in the £20-25 range.
The Phoenix is located at city centre. It is a French restaurant with good customer rating and normal price range.
The Golden Curry is located near The Bakers. The family place offers fast food and moderate prices.
The Vaults is a coffee shop in Riverside near Café Brazil. The price is more than £30 but has a high customer rating.
The Golden Palace is a fast food coffee shop. It is rated 1 out of 5 and has a moderate price range in the city centre.
Loch Fyne is a moderately priced restaurant where you can buy English food. It is kid friendly.
The below average priced The Rice Boat near Rainbow Vegetarian Café has a low customer rating
Green Man is located by the riverside. It  is child friendly and  in the moderate price range.
There is a place named the Browns Cambridge with a cheap price range and an average customer rating.
Aromi is an Indian coffee shop in riverside. The ratings are low but it is family friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop that, serves French food and is not family-friendly.  It has an average customer rating and is located in the riverside area near the Crowne Plaza Hotel.
High priced, five star meals served at The Golden Palace, near to the river.
The Eagle is a five star French restaurant.
Zizzi is a children friendly coffee shop near the riverside with a low customer rating and a price range of more than more than £30.
In the city centre near The Portland Arms, there is a moderately priced kids friendly place called The Punter.
The Golden Curry provides Indian food Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Alimentum is a fast food restaurant that is not family-friendly. It is found at the city centre with a price range of less than £20.
Wildwood is a moderately priced coffee shop offering wine and appetizers near the Ranch.
Bibimbap House serves French food in the riverside area near The Rice Boat.
Priced in the £20-25 range, the Loch Fyne restaurant is kids-friendly, and serves a range of fast food.
The Plough is a child friendly restaurant. Its near Express by Holiday Inn.
Taste of Cambridge is a restaurant with a price range of £30 plus and a high customer rating.
The Rice Boat serves English food for £20-25 near Express by Holiday Inn in Riverside. Not kid friendly.
There is a cheap, low-end, Indian restaurant called The Wrestlers which caters to adult parties.
The Phoenix is in city centre. They offer highly rated mid-priced Italian food.
Zizzi is a restaurant with an average customer rating, and average to high price range.  It is child friendly and located by the riverside.
If you are looking for Japanese food place which is also kid friendly, then try The Waterman. It is located near to the Crowne Plaza Hotel.
The Rice Boat is a kid friendly Japanese restaurant with a price range of £20-25, has a customer rating of 3 out of 5, and is near Express by Holiday Inn in Riverside.
The Wrestlers is a low rated family friendly restaurant that provides Indian food for less than £20.
The Golden Curry provides Indian food. With an average customer rating, it is also children friendly.
Located near Burger King by the riverside is a fast food and coffee shop, The Eagle, with high customer ratings.
The child friendly French food restaurant The Golden Curry is situated near to The Bakers, with a price range of over £30.
Loch Fyne is  a French restaurant, it is a family-friendly, with meals generally costing less than £20 a head.
Near Café Rouge is a restaurant named Wildwood that proudly boasts a high customer rating of 5 out of 5.
At a more than £30 price range, The Waterman in city centre has Japanese food.  It is not family-friendly and has a low customer rating.
The Twenty Two, a non family-friendly Italian restaurant.
Browns Cambridge serves wine, cheese and is a five star restaurant.
Wildwood is a highly rated coffee shop serving Indian food at a low price, near to Ranch.
Cotto is  cheap and is in river side near All Bar One.
Loch Fyne is a fast food restaurant catering for family's within the town center.
The Eagle is a highly rated French coffee shop near Burger King in the city centre.  They offer low prices, but are not family-friendly.
Higher priced, this restaurant is located near the very popular All Bar One. Green Man is in a wonderful location very close to Riverside, and welcomes customers of all ages to enjoy its Italian cuisine.
Fitzbillies is an Italian coffee shop with a high price range. It isn't children friendly and is in the riverside with an average rating.
The Phoenix is in the top end price range and is given a high five star costumer rating.
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly Japanese restaurant on the riverside, located near The Sorrento.
The pub The Olive Grove area very great, the price are really moderate and the location is perfect for anyone, You can go with your kids.
Wildwood is a restaurant which serves Japanese cuisine. Wildwood is a pub and has an average price range along with a high customer rating.
Fitzbillies, a family-friendly coffee shop, serves Japanese food, and has an average customer rating. It has cheap food and is in the city center.
it is a kid friendly yes. they serve Japanese food there. the average customer rating is a 3 out of 5. The name of the restaurant is The Golden Curry.
The Waterman is a mid-priced restaurant that is family friendly, in City centre.
Midsummer House serves English food.  They are rated 3 out of 5 and are high priced.  They are located near All Bar One.
On the riverside there is a reasonably prices coffee shop called The Eagle located near Burger King that is kid friendly and rates a 5 out of 5.
The 3 out of 5 Japanese coffee shop Fitzbillies, is non kid friendly and is in the center of the city. The price range is l20-25.
Near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café, The Rice Boat offers a moderate price range and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Loch Fyne offers high price English style food in a children friendly environment
The Golden Curry at the riverside near Café Rouge is rated 3 out of 5, serves French food and is children friendly.
There is a kid friendly Japanese food place called The Rice Boat in the riverside area. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Located near All Bar One, Midsummer House offers Japanese food for less than £20 and has and average customer rating.
With a customer rating of 3 out of 5 The Phoenix is a Japanese restaurant located near the riverside.
A low-rated Indian restaurant is The Cambridge Blue.
A kids friendly restaurant which is serving Japanese food called The Waterman is near the Crown Plaza Hotel.
Green Man pub serves Japanese food and is by the riverside near Café Rouge.
The Eagle is just down the road from Burger King and is a 5-star family friendly coffee shop by the river
Families can dine at The Vaults.  It is a low priced restaurant with American food.
An Indian restaurant, The Waterman provides food in less than £20. Not suitable for families due to their low rating.
The Wrestlers is a restaurant that provides cheap Indian food with an average customer rating. The wrestlers is not family friendly.
The Waterman is a three-star pub.  It is located near the river.
The Mill, an Indian food restaurant coffee shop with low prices. They are in the riverside ares near The Sorrento.
If you are looking for French food in riverside I would not suggest The Waterman.  They have low customer ratings.
Green Man is a pub that offers sushi near Café Rouge.
The Waterman is a high priced fast food establishment, they are kid friendly have a 1 out 5 5 customer rating and are located in the city centre.
Browns Cambridge providing French food. It is located in riverside area near The Sorrento. No family-friendly
Loch Fyne is a child-friendly Japanese restaurant.
Bibimbap House near Clare Hall is Indian food moderately priced
An adult only pub, Zizzi offers average Japanese food.
Cotto provides Indian food near Ranch with a 1 out of 5 customer and they are child friendly.
The Cambridge Blue is  a mid priced Italian style pub located near Café Brazil.
The Eagle a family fast food coffee shop in the more than £30 range is located in Riverside next to Burger King.
Cotto is an Italian coffee shop.  It is in the city centre near The Portland Arms.  Customers give its cheap food full marks.
near The Portland Arms is a expensive coffee shop with high ratings which serves British food called Cotto
In the riverside area there is a coffee shop called Zizzi that has a price range of less than £20. It is not family-friendly and has a low customer rating.
The Plough is a Chinese pub near Café Rouge that is family friendly and has a price range less than 20 euros.
In city centre near All Bar One You can get Italian food for less than £20. It is called Green Man, not family-friendly place.
Taste of Cambridge is a family-friendly coffee shop. They serve Japanese food and are located near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre.
The Waterman is a pub that serves Indian food, located on the riverside, rated one out of five.
The Wrestlers coffee Shop is a mid-priced, family friendly restaurant located in city centre, east of Raja Indian Cuisine.  They offer eat-in, take-out or deliveries.
The Waterman is an Indian restaurant, with a moderate price range, customer rating 1 out of 5, riverside location, kid friendly.
The Phoenix restaurant serves English-styled food along the riverside of Cambridge. The establishment has an average customer rating.
The Mill is an Italian coffee shop with a high price range. It is located in the city center near The Sorrento.
A family friendly restaurant near Rainbow Vegetarian Café is Strada. They are high priced and serve sushi.  They are rated 3 out of 5.
A French coffee shop near Burger King and riverside is The Eagle.  It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5, an average price range and is kid friendly.
Near Avalon in the city center is a moderate range coffee shop called Blue Spice.  It is rated 1 out of 5 and not kid friendly.
Aromi is a one star coffee shop. It is not family friendly.
Giraffe is a children-friendly coffee shop, near The Bakers. It has a high price range and a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Blue Spice is located in riverside. It is a Chinese restaurant with cheap prices.
There is a restaurant named Blue Spice in the riverside area that provides low cost French food.
Wildwood offers French food in a pub setting with cheap prices, and it offers a 5 out of 5 rating.
Alimentum is located by the riverside close to Yippee Noodle Bar and provides Italian. They have high customer rating and their price range is £20-25.
A restaurant near The Bakers called The Plough serves cheap food and is kid friendly.
Blue Spice is in the riverside area. It has a high customer rating and is kids friendly. The price range is £20-£25.
Cocum is a pub that is not family-friendly. It has a cheap price range and a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Green Man provides fast food in the city centre near All Bar One.  It is in the moderate price range and is not child friendly.
The Vaults are family friendly and are in the higher price range.
The Italian pub, Strada, with a 5 out of 5 customer rating is located near Yippee Noodle Bar.
The Rice Boat is a child friendly French restaurant located near Express by Holiday Inn. It is in the £20 - £25 price range and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5
Blue Spice is a Fast food restaurant in the Riverside area in the price range £20-25.
There is a Fast food restaurant with a low customer rating called The Cambridge Blue.
The Loch Fyne is a children friendly French restaurant that has a price range of more than £30.
Located in the city centre near Café Brazil, The Cambridge Blue is a high priced pub.
Moderately priced pub, Cocum, has high customer ratings, but is not kid friendly.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly Chinese restaurant for a cheap price. It has received an average customer rating.
There is a cheap fast food restaurant called Browns Cambridge that has a customer rating of five out of five.
Located in the city centre Fitzbillies offers cheap average food in this French coffee shop.
The Rice Boat sells Chinese food has a rating of is 1 out of 5, moderately priced, and it is not kids friendly. It is located in the center of the city near Express by Holiday Inn.
For Italian style food, The Waterman pub is located by the river.  It has been rated 3 out of 5.
Aromi is a Japanese coffee shop that is not family-friendly in Riverside with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Cocum is a coffee shop that offers fast food. It is family-friendly. Customer Ratings are average. It is located in the city center. The food is cheap.
The Phoenix, located in the city centre, offers Japanese food at prices lower that 20 with a low customer rating.
The Phoenix is an expensive restaurant serving Italian food located North of the city centre. It has a 3 out of 5 star rating.
Loch Fyne is a restaurant with good ratings offering food and drink. It is located near The Rice Boat.
Zizzi is a Chinese pub with low ratings and is not family friendly.
If you are near Raja Indian Cuisine in city centre, check out The Wrestlers.  It is a high price coffee shop that sells Indian food.  The Wrestlers is also children friendly.
The Cricketers is a 3 star coffee shop and burger joint near The Portland Arms. Families welcome.
The Eagle provides Chinese food Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Zizzi is a pub providing fast food. have 5 out of 5 costumer rating and no family-friendly.
If you love the Yippee Noodle Bar, The Alimentum provides a Mediterranean alternative in the same riverfront location, for reasonable prices.
The Olive Grove offers Japanese style food and is child friendly.
Blue Spice is a family friendly coffee shop for under £20. It is located near Avalon in Riverside, but has a poor customer rating.
city centre high priced average customer rating near Café Adriatic is Travellers Rest Beefeater
A family friendly restaurant named The Golden Curry has received low reviews.  The style of the food is serves is oriental.
Cotto is a French coffee shop located near The Portland Arms on the riverside, offering moderately priced items.
Alimentum is an inexpensive restaurant in City centre.  It is located near Yippee Noodle Bar.
Giraffe is a family friendly  French pub by riverside.
More than 30 dollars is English food at the Bibimbap House near Clare Hall in Riverside.
The Cricketers is a children friendly pub near Ranch with a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
Blue Spice provides Indian food in the less than £20 price range. It is located in the riverside.
City centre Japanese eatery, Alimentum receives average reviews and is considered a low cost alternative to nearby Yippee Noodle Bar.
There is an Italian pub located in the city centre called The Olive Grove. It kid friendly and has a moderate price range.
The not family-friendly Alimentum Fast food restaurant, located in the riverside area has prices less than £20.
Highest, and fancy Indian food at The Dumpling Tree.
Browns Cambridge sells Italian food and is also a coffee shop. It has an average customer rating. It is located in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel and yes it is child friendly.
The Eagle is a coffee shop located in the city centre near Burger King, that also serves Indian food. The Eagle has a moderate pricing, high customer ratings, and is kid-friendly.
For a coffee shop that serves Japanese food near to the Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre and that isn't family-friendly then go to the Taste of Cambridge
The Eagle has a 5 out of 5 rating and is cheap. It is located in riverside.
Near Express by Holiday Inn is The Rice Boat. Its average priced, 5 star and family friendly.
The Waterman is low rated Japanese food pub in city centre.
Strada is a restaurant with an average customer rating.
next to The Bakers can be found a kids-friendly fast-food chain that has moderate prices whose name is The Golden Curry.
Cotto has great Italian food located in the city centre close to The Portland Arms with a rating 1 out of 5
Browns Cambridge is a low rated coffee shop. It is family-friendly, and has Japanese food. It is in the area of city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Near Avalon in riverside there is a coffee shop named Blue Spice. They have a price range over £30 but have great customer ratings at 5 out of 5. Blue Spice is also child friendly.
Browns Cambridge is an expensive, one star fast food takeaway
With a 5 star rating, Wildwood offers fast food and has higher prices.
in the riverside area is a family friendly French restaurant called The Green Man with a price range of less than £20 near All Bar One.
Wildwood Pub has one star and sells spaghetti for a moderate price.
For the Best English style food The Eagle is recommended.
Alimentum is a family restaurant serving English food. It is moderately priced and is located in the riverside area.
The Rice Boat serves cheap Chinese food that is rated 5 out of 5. The family friendly restaurant is located near the Express by Holiday Inn in city centre.
Next to The Portland Arms you will find an affordable coffee shop called Cotto.  Both are located in City centre.
Cocum is a coffee shop providing Indian food in the £20-25 price range. Its customer rating is high.
Loch Fyne is a family friendly Japanese food restaurant
The Clowns is a city centre pub with a high price range of more than 30 GBP and a high customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Rice Boat from riverside has a customer rating 1 of 5 . It's a kids Friendly Japanese dish.
Taste of Cambridge is a not family-friendly coffee shop its on riverside close to Crowne Plaza Hotel
Clowns is a coffee shop providing Indian food It is located in the riverside. It is near Clare Hall. Its customer rating is low.
Located in the city center is Clowns coffee shop serving average Italian food.  Clowns is close to Clare Hall
The Midsummer House is an Italian restaurant that features food under £20. It is near All Bar One and has a low customer rating.
For a great Indian restaurant in the riverside area try Aromi.
Fitzbillies is a moderately priced Italian restaurant, located near The Six Bells.
The Wrestlers offers burgers and fries. It is a low-priced option for families.
The Rice Boat near Express by Holiday Inn in the city centre is cheap and family-friendly and provides Japanese food with a customer rating 5 out of 5.
If you are looking for moderately priced Indian food in the riverside area, try Fitzbillies. It's an adult only coffee shop. Rated 1 out of 5.
Aromi is a very child friendly restaurant in the  riverside area you will not be disappointed with the food and service.
The Twenty Two located on the riverside near The Rice Boat has an average customer rating, is family friendly and has a cheap price range.
Browns Cambridge is a Japanese coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel, in City Centre with a 1 star rating. It's not family friendly.
The pub called The Cambridge Blue is a high priced sushi pub located beside Café Brazil.
A Japanese coffee shop in the riverside area is Cotto.  It is near The Portland Arms and cost less than £20.
There is a moderately priced restaurant Green Man in the city centre near All Bar One. It is not kids friendly and they serve Italian food.
3 out of 5 stars Cocum is a coffee shop serving Indian food at a moderate price, children welcome.
The Mill is a pub themed place with great food with a great view of the river.
The Eagle is a highly-rated fast food and coffee shop located in riverside near the Burger King.  Average pricing, but not child friendly.
The Rice Boat is a family-friendly restaurant that services English food located near Express by Holiday Inn in the riverside area. It is inexpensive and has received a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The restaurant with a high customer rating near The Rice Boat in the riverside area, is kids friendly and called The Twenty Two with a price range of 20-25 pounds.
Wildwood is an expensive coffee shop located near a Ranch.
Near Rainbow Vegetarian Café is Strada. Offering Indian food with a high customer Rating  in the price Range higher than £30. It is not child Friendly.
Average customer rating restaurant include Wildwood near Café Rouge.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop in the riverside area which serves Italian food. It has a high customer rating, is in the price range of £20 - £25 and is not children friendly.
Family friendly Chinese restaurant Strada has dishes costing under 20 pounds and a low customer rating. It is located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
Giraffe is a family friendly coffee shop near The Bakers.  It has a reasonable customer rating and its prices are moderate.
A high range Japanese and coffee shop named The Mill is located near The Sorrento by the riverside.
The Vaults has an average rating, its located near  near Café Adriatic and charges less than £20 for a pub meal.
Fitzbillies is a child-friendly restaurant near Express by Holiday Inn. It offers a higher-priced menu with a high customer rating.
The Wrestlers provides Indian food in the moderate price range. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge is a place where you can enjoy a three star meal at a reasonable cost.
A restaurant in the riverside area offers English food. It's called The Phoenix and has a 3 out of 5 rating.
Cocum is an average-priced coffee shop, that is also family friendly, located close to an university. Unfortunately, it has been rated low by costumers.
Blue Spice is a mid-priced restaurant on the outskirts of the City Centre
In riverside there is a pub called Giraffe which serves English food and is family friendly.
Situated close to The Portland Arms is our five star coffee shop The Cricketers, family friendly with a good choice of food for all
Customers have rated this children-friendly, Japanese restaurant near Ranch Cotto a 3 out of five.
The Cambridge Blue is a pub near Café Brazil that serves Italian food and has an average price range of around £20-25.
The Rice Boat is a cheap Chinese restaurant with a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is in a riverside location, is not family friendly and is near Express by Holiday Inn.
Offering French food from £20-25, Fitzbillies is a kid-friendly coffee shop in Riverside.  Customers have rated it a 3 out of 5.
The Rice Boat, which is located on the riverside, serves Italian food.
Low rated The Waterman offer Italian food by the riverside. High price range and kids not welcome.
The Wrestlers is a children Friendly coffee shop in the riverside area, near Raja Indian Cuisine.  It serves French food and is in the more than £30 price range.
In the city centre near to The Sorrento is a Chinese called Browns Cambridge. It is very family friendly.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop in the riverside area. It has a low customer rating, is family friendly, and the price range is less than 20. It serves French Food.
Strada is a Fast food pub near Yippee Noodle Bar with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Golden Curry is an Italian restaurant near Café Rouge in City center that is not family-friendly and has a low rating.
Strada, a Japanese pub near Yippee Noodle Bar, has a customer rating of three out of five.
In the city centre near the Crowne Plaza Hotel is Browns Cambridge coffee shop.  It is a non family-friendly place that sells Japanese food and has an average rating.
A non-family friendly Chinese restaurant named Browns Cambridge is located neat The Sorrento in the riverside area.
Giraffe can be found in the city centre, close to The Bakers.  It's a family friendly coffee shop with a moderate price and an average customer rating.
The Waterman Japanese restaurant on the riverside sells average food for lower than £20. It is not family-friendly.
The Golden Curry provide Indian food that is rated 3 out of 5, and kid friendly.
Italian food is available in  a children Friendly coffee shop Taste of Cambridge near Crowne Plaza Hotel in riverside
The Eagle is a kid friendly Japanese coffee shop in the city centre near Burger King with a moderate price range and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Phoenix is a high price French restaurant in the city centre. Customers rate it 3 out of 5.
Cocum for coffee shop offers Fast food for cheap price for kids Friendly.
Fitzbillies is expensive, poorly rated, and isn't child friendly. As city centre French-style coffee shops go, you could do better.
The Rice Boat sells Chinese food, it is family friendly, the rating is average, and located in riverside.
Strada is a highly rated pub-style restaurant near Yippee Noodle Bar that serves Indian food.
Alimentum is a low priced restaurant that is family friendly and located just north of the city centre.
Zizzi is a coffee shop placed near the river in City centre. We are a non-familiar ambient. we have one star and also we have a mid-price.
Browns Cambridge isn't rated very high for their moderate pricing of Japanese cuisine.
It's not well rated, but Cotto is an inexpensive Japanese coffee shop near The Portland Arms in the city centre.
Bibimbap House is located near The Rice Boat providing French food in the riverside area.
Located in the downtown region is  Strada is a 5 star mid priced Japanese family  restaurant located near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café.  Chopsticks and take out orders  are available.
The Eagle coffee shop offers Indian food in the price range of £20-25. The customer rating is high and it is based in the city centre. Not kids friendly. Near Burger King
The Phoenix serves Japanese food in the riverside area and is rated 1 out of 5.
Cocum is a pub that costs more than £30. It is not child friendly and has a low rating.
The Wrestlers is an English restaurant and child-friendly, with a high customer rating and meals ranging in the more than £30 price range.
The Blue Spice is located in the city centre, with a moderate price range and a customer rating of 1 out of 5 that is not kids friendly.
Food and Spirits at an affordable price. Strada  near Rainbow Vegetarian Café offers family dining with 5 Star service.
The Phoenix is a  providing Italian food  , is located in riverside and customer rating is average.
There is a medium price, children friendly restaurant called Loch Fyne
An Indian restaurant called Alimentum in riverside near Yippee Noodle Bar is high price range with an average customer rating.
Riverside near All Bar One, the kid friendly establishment, Green Man, offers Chinese food with prices around £20-25.
Fitzbillies  coffee shop is child friendly, high end fast food, set by the riverside with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Olive Grove is a pub located in City centre. It's not family friendly, and is somewhat pricey.
Browns Cambridge serves Indian food for less than 20 pounds. It does have a low customer rating.
The Rice Boat is a three-star restaurant in the high price range.  It is located near Express by Holiday Inn.
The Waterman is a pub located in riverside featuring Indian cuisine. This establishment received a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city center area there is a family-friendly coffee shop with French food named Browns Cambridge. They have an average customer rating.
Near Café Rouge there is a Fast Food Midsummer House with the low customer rating.
An average Japanese restaurant in riverside, called The Waterman, is family friendly and the price range is under 20 dollars,
Try The Cambridge Blue restaurant for it's traditional British Food on the 3 star menu.
The Vaults is a moderately priced, family friendly facility available for use, with pasta served.
There is a cheap family friendly Japanese pub The Plough located near Café Rouge.
Located near the riverside Crowne Plaza Hotel, Browns Cambridge is a non family-friendly French coffee shop with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a coffee chop that serves moderately-priced fast food in the city centre.  Is has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and is not child-friendly.
With a low price range and a low customer rating, The Golden Palace is a coffee shop by the riverside in the City centre.
Browns Cambridge, near The Sorrento, in the riverside area, is a family friendly Japanese restaurant.
The Twenty Two is a child-friendly Italian restaurant located riverside.
Alimentum serves French food at a very high price. It is located in riverside and is children friendly.
Cotto is located in the center of the city near The Portland Arms. It is a coffee shop that serves Japanese food. The average customer rating is 3 out of 5 and the price range is high.
For Italian food in a kids friendly environment, try The Wrestlers coffee shop. Priced between £20-25, it can be found in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Waterman is a pub located in the riverside area. It serves French food and has received a 5 out of 5 rating.
Alimentum Japanese restaurant in city centre is kid friendly and has moderate price range.
Cocum is a cheap coffee shop where you can pick up a picnic lunch and wine and spirits that is great for families and has excellent reviews.
The Waterman serves Italian Food in a family Friendly environment located near the Crowne Plaza Hotel.
The Strada is a high priced, children friendly Italian place. It is located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café and is rated 1 out of 5.
The Waterman is a Chinese restaurant in the city centre with high prices and average customer rating. It is not child friendly.
Near Burger King is a French coffee shop called The Eagle. Although is not kids friendly, the price ranges from £20-25. Customers gave it a high rating.
The Phoenix has Japanese food in riverside with a low customer rating.
The Plough is a family friendly pub near Café Rouge that provides Indian food with cheap prices.
A high price ranged English restaurant is The Dumpling Tree.
Browns Cambridge sells Indian food at a high price range. Customers have rated it 1 out of 5
For less than £20, there is a spot named Alimentum serving English food in city centre. It is not family-friendly.
Cotto is a Japanese coffee shop in riverside, near The Portland Arms. Their customer rating is 5 out of 5.
There is a cheap restaurant The Golden Curry located in the centre of the city that provides Indian food.
The Wildwood restaurant located near Café Rouge has been rated average by customers.
In riverside, there is a French restaurant called The Golden Curry. It is located near Café Rouge. It has an average customer rating, and it is not family-friendly.
The coffee shop, The Eagle near the Burger King in riverside area. It is child friendly, serves  French food, has a 3 out of 5 rating and can be a bit high in price.
There is a cheap price range Japanese restaurant called The Dumpling Tree
The English restaurant known as The Phoenix is located in the city centre.  It is priced under £20, however, has low customer ratings.
There is a Asian restaurant located near the river called The Twenty Two.
The Eagle is a fast food coffee shop located in the city centre near Burger King. Its prices are less than 20 euros, and it has a low customer rating. It is also family-friendly.
Located near Burger King in city centre, The Eagle serves cheaply priced fast food in a family-friendly coffee shop.
Alimentum is in the city centre near Yippee Noodle Bar. It serves Italian food at moderate prices and has a 1 out of 5 rating.
Clowns is an odious Italian coffee shop that sits on the riverside by Clare Hall.
Giraffe is a coffee shop is near The Bakers. It is kid friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is moderately priced.
Near Café Rouge, there is a well-recognized Japanese restaurant, named Midsummer House.
The Punter has a cheap price range. Has a customer rating 5 out of 5. It is a coffee shop. They are not family-friendly. They serve Italian food and there located near Café Sicilia.
You can eat French food from Browns Cambridge for less than £20. However, be careful it does have a low customer rating.
Clowns is a pub located by the riverside.  Price range for than £30.  Customer rating is low.
Within the City centre is a pub which serves Indian food called The Waterman. The customer rating is average.
The coffee shop named Clowns in riverside is near Clare Hall has a customer rating of average and sells Italian food.
Wildwood pub is a one star restaurant with a moderate price range.
The Golden Curry is an English restaurant serving breakfast food in a family friendly atmosphere.  It has a three-star customer rating.
Near Café Sicilia, The Punter coffee shop serves Japanese food, are not family-friendly, have a 3 out of 5 customer rating, and have a price range of £20-25.
Fitzbillies is customer rated 5 out of 5, Cheap and not family-friendly coffee shop serving French food in riverside area.
Travellers Rest Beefeater has a low customer rating and a price range of more than £30. it is in the riverside area near Café Adriatic.
Fitzbillies is average priced family coffee shop with low customer rating.
The Eagle has English food and customer Rating are 3 out of 5.
Near Café Brazil there is a pub called The Cambridge Blue that serves delicious Italian food and has an average price range of around £20-25.
Aromi is a restaurant in Riverside offering Italian food.
Cocum is a highly rated and child-friendly  mid-priced Indian coffee shop .
Alimentum Japanese restaurant located at city centre, is not family-friendly and average price is less than £20.
Loch Fyne is a restaurant providing Indian food in the more than £30 price range.
The Golden Curry serves Fast food. It is not family-friendly and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
There is a poorly rated  restaurant The Browns Cambridge that offers cheap fast food.
The Waterman is a pricey French restaurant with a 1-star rating, located in City centre. It's family friendly.
The Rice Boat is near Rainbow Vegetarian Café and is cheap with an average customer rating.
Browns Cambridge is not family-friendly. They are located in city centre near The Sorrento and serve English food.
The Japanese coffee shop Fitzbillies is a less than £20 family friendly place with a low customer rating in Riverside
In the riverside area is a one star rated coffee shop, Fitzbillies, which serves sushi. Not family friendly.
By the river near the Express by Holiday Inn, there is a family friendly restaurant The Rice Boat. This is a mid-price restaurant.
The Eagle is a coffee shop having Indian food less than £20, it is family friendly with low customer rating, and located in riverside near Burger King.
The Rice Boat is located in the riverside area. It is a family friendly Japanese restaurant with an average customer rating.
The Cambridge Blue is located in t he city center.  It is an average fast food restaurant.
The Mill is a Fast food pub that is more than £30 by the riverside.
Clowns is at the riverside and the price range is £20-£25. It is a pub and the customer rating is high.
For a high rating Fast food in the riverside area check out The Phoenix
The Rice Boat is located in the city centre and has an average customer rating, They have English food and is family-friendly.
Alimentum produces pub food of moderate quality at a moderate price. They're on the the River, near to the Yippee Noodle Bar.
Green Man is in the riverside area near to All Bar One. It serves expensive Chinese food and is not children friendly.
Wildwood is a Fast food coffee shop located near the Ranch. It has moderate prices and a 3 out of 5 customer rating
Located in the riverside area is an eat type restaurant called the Zizzi with a price range of more than 30 euros.
The Rice Boat is a low priced  family restaurant located in the Express by Holiday Inn. It is a average rated restaurant.
The Wrestlers is a restaurant delicious sushi in the low price range.
Fitzbillies is a child-friendly coffee shop in the Riverside area with a low customer rating.  They have Japanese food for more than  £30.
There is a family friendly Chinese food place in Riverside that is cheap and average called The Waterman.
Travellers Rest Beefeater, near Café Adriatic in the riverside area, has low prices and average customer ratings.
The Twenty Two serves English food and is child friendly.
The Waterman is an expensive family friendly restaurant located on the riverside.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop that serves French food. It is located near Raja Indian Cuisine in the center of the city.  It is not family-friendly. It has a price range of less than £20.
Found at riverside, Blue Spice restaurant offers moderately priced Chinese food
The Cambridge Blue is a pub located near Café Brazil, and provides affordable French food.
The coffee shop The Punter is near Café Sicilia. It is near Café Sicilia and has cheap Italian food that has a customer rating 5 out of 5 that is family friendly.
Located in the city centre near The Rice Boat is a restaurant called The Mill.
Bibimbap House is an average priced Italian on the riverside near Clare Hall.
Cocum is a coffee shop serving French food.  It is not family-friendly.  Prices are less than £20.  The customer rating is low.
The Twenty Two rated high is located near The Rice Boat in the city center but not a good choice for kids. Their price range is £20-25.
In riverside there is a kids friendly coffee shop that is moderate price range called Blue Spice located near Avalon.
Zizzi is a children friendly coffee shop located near the city centre.  Its customer rating is low and its prices range more than L30.
Near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café a Japanese food restaurant called Strada. A none children friendly place and price range of more than £30. Above all this customer ratings are 5 out of 5.
There is a moderately priced coffee shop in the city center,  The Wrestlers,  that serves Indian food.  The price is moderate and it is near the Raja Indian Cuisine.
Zizzi  is a family-friendly coffee shop in the city centre. It has an average customer rating and costs less than £20.
The Eagle is a five star establishment.
The Golden Curry is a fast food restaurant in riverside. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and is near Café Rouge.
The Aromi is a coffee shop serving Indian food. It has an average customer rating in the area of city centre. It is not family friendly
Midsummer House is a cheese and wine restaurant located in Cambridge near Café Rouge.  It is rated as three stars
The Cricketers is a family friendly pub. It is located near Ranch and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Waterman It is located in the city center. their prices are low
Cocum is a children Friendly restaurant with a very high customer Rating of 5 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge is a family-friendly restaurant in the center of the city near The Sorrento. Browns Cambridge offers Italian food.
Near to Café Adriatic is a pub named The Vaults. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 and a cheap price range.
Strada is a low priced, kid friendly restaurant with a high customer rating.
Loch Fyne is a restaurant that serves Chinese cuisine to all ages.
A cheap coffee shop is Wildwood. It has a 5 out of 5 rating and Japanese food is available. It is near Ranch.
A nice cheap riverside family-Friendly pub that serves Italian food then go to The Olive Grove
the Midsummer House near the Café Rouge has a 5 out of 5 food rating for their fast food
If you are looking for a family friendly pub, let me suggest The Olive Grove in the riverside area with a price range less than 20.
Near The Portland Arms is a children friendly pub that serves English food. It is named The Dumpling Tree.
With average customer ratings and being non family-friendly, Browns Cambridge is an Italian coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre.
In Riverside, there is a restaurant called Aromi that serves French food.
Cocum is a moderately-priced French coffee shop. It is not child-friendly, and it is rated by consumers at 1 out of 5.
Near Rainbow Vegetarian Café, is Strada, a place that serves Chinese food for a moderate price. It is non children friendly and was rated one out of five stars by customers.
The Cricketers coffee shop offers French food near The Portland Arms area. We have a low customer rating and are not family-friendly.
The Rice Boat is a restaurant located riverside near Express by Holiday Inn with a cheap price range, not family-friendly and a customer rating of 5 out of 5
Moderately prices Italian is served at The Wrestlers,  It is kid friendly and a 3 out of 5 customer rating.
The Waterman is a French restaurant in city center with an average customer rating.  It is in the higher price range and are not child friendly.
A kid friendly coffee shop named Fitzbillies  serves moderately priced Italian food, is customer rated 1 out of 5 and is near the city center.
The Rice Boat is a restaurant in the mid price range located near the Express by Holiday Inn.
Zizzi pub serves Chines food. It has a high customer rating and is kid friendly.
moderately rated in the city centre is The Waterman is an average priced Fast food family-friendly restaurant
The Rice Boat is a family-friendly sushi restaurant located beside Express by Holiday Inn.
The Rice Boat offers Italian food by the riverside.
On the riverside there is a well priced restaurant called Travellers Rest Beefeater. It is near Café Adriatic.
Zizzi is a pub providing Indian food Its customer rating is high.
The children friendly coffee shop located in the city centre, called Fitzbillies, offers Japanese food in high price range. It has been rated low.
there is low price coffee shop named Bibimbap House serving Italian food Located in city center near Clare Hall
The high priced French restaurant, Alimentum, is located near the Yippee Noodle Bar in the centre of the city. It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Punter coffee shop, near Café Sicilia, offers wine, cheese and fruits to a family oriented crowd.  Five stars support the high prices.
Rated 5 out of 5, Clowns is a pub in the riverside area. Prices start at more than £30.
Near the Café Sicilia. there is The Punter, a non-children friendly highly rated expensive coffee shop which serves English food.
Family friendly pub, The Olive Grove serves costly fast food, located by the river
The Punter is a kids friendly and moderately price coffee shop. It has a customer rating of 3 out of , it serves Indian food and is located near Café Sicilia.
Alimentum is located near Yippee Noodle Bar, it has five stars and is expensive. It sells cheese, wine, and soup.
For Italian food and a child friendly environment, try Loch Fyne.
Giraffe is a burger pub for adults located a few blocks north of City centre.
Blue Spice is a family friendly coffee shop in the low price range. It is located in the riverside area near Avalon.
Green Man is a pleasant site for children and friends located in the riverside area with prices moderate and suitable to a large family.
Aromi is a coffee shop that serves Japanese food. They are located in the city centre and are not family-friendly. They have a 5 out of 5 rating.
The Waterman is an expensive riverside restaurant that is family friendly.
The Punter is a low priced coffee shop that is located next to Café Sicilia.
The Punter is located near Café Sicilia. It is a highly rated coffee shop with expensive prices. It it family friendly.
Midsummer House, near All Bar One, serves cheap Italian food and has been given a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a reasonably priced coffee shop that also does Italian food.
The Waterman is an adult friendly Japanese restaurant located in the city centre with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.  Price range: high.
A moderately priced restaurant that is not kid friendly is Travellers Rest Beefeater.
There is an all right children friendly Chinese in the riverside area, its called The Rice Boat.
Near to The Portland Arms is a five star coffee shop, serving Italian food, named The Cricketers. Family friendly.
The Twenty Two provides Indian food
For good Japanese food in the lower price range there is Fitzbillies near The Six Bells.
The Punter is in the riverside area. It is near The Portland Arms. It has a price range of more than £30. It is not children friendly.
The coffee shop, Zizzi, has high prices and low ratings but it is child friendly.
Clowns pub located in Riverside, serves nice food, at a reasonable price. Customer ratings are 2 out of 5 stars.
The Waterman is an average French Pub near riverside.
Strada is an inexpensive family free space.
The Eagle is a moderate priced French coffee shop located near Burger King in riverside.
There is a Japanese food restaurant near The Bakers, The Golden Curry. Its price range is high and it not children friendly.
The Wrestlers is a friendly for family place which provides Italian food in the high price range. The customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Alimentum in city centre serves Japanese food. It is a child friendly establishment with prices more than £30.
Fitzbillies is an Indian restaurant near The Six Bells that has a low price range.
A French Pub located in Riverside with an average customer rating is The Waterman.
The Cambridge Blue is in the middle of town. So far it only has a one-star rating, but you can enjoy a full English breakfast in this restaurant.
Located near Café Rouge is a restaurant named Wildwood that has an average customer rating.
The Eagle is a cheap coffee shop that serves Indian near Riverside and Burger King
The Phoenix is a sushi restaurant by the riverside  with a 3 out of 5 star rating. It has a high price range.
Fitzbillies is in riverside a kid friendly coffee shop serving Japanese food at moderate prices. Our customers rate it a 1 out of 5.
Wildwood is a low priced coffee shop with an average customer rating. It is located near Ranch and serves French food
Strada is priced high and offers Fast food located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café rated 1 out of 5 family friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a Japanese restaurant near The Sorrento in the riverside area which isn't family-friendly.
The Browns Cambridge coffee shop is located in the City center. near the Crown Plaza Hotel. It is family oriented and serves Japanese food.
An Indian restaurant in riverside, The Twenty Two, is child friendly.
Browns Cambridge is above average in price range and rated poorly by customers.
The Golden Palace is a more expensive restaurant.
Right next to the river and close to Yippee Noodle Bar, you can find the highly recommended Alimentum, which provides light meals and alcoholic beverages at a low price.
While not kid friendly, The Waterman Italian restaurant is located in the city centre and does have an average rating of 3 out of 5 and is moderately priced.
Strada is a cheap family friendly British Café near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café with 5 out of 5 stars
If you're looking for Fast food, Burger King is the place to go. Ranging to about £20-25 near the city centre with a high customer rating, burger king is near The Eagle coffee ship, but is not kid friendly.
Midsummer House its a fast food restaurant located near All Bar One
The Olive Grove is a pub providing Japanese food less than £20. It is located in the city centre.
There is an expensive restaurant called The Golden Palace.
There is a coffee shop called The Vaults, which is near Café Brazil in city centre. The bill will be cheap, less than £20, but the customer rating is low.
With a customer rating of 5 out of 5, The Eagle serves Fast food.
A family friendly pub located in the riverside area, Aromi has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Wildwood pub offers fast food. It has average prices and low consumer ratings
It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and is a coffee shop. It is kid friendly with a moderately priced menu. Cocum is it's name that is a fast food restaurant.
The Cambridge Blue is a dine in restaurant in the medium price range.
Located in The Portland Arms, The Dumpling Tree is an English pub that is family friendly.
Alimentum is a low cost restaurant next to Yippee Noodle Bar.
Kid friendly restaurant The Waterman serves English food. Located by riverside is moderately priced with a 1 out of 5 rating.
For a low-priced family-friendly Italian restaurant near Rainbow Vegetarian Café, you can visit the Strada.  The customer rating is low.
Cotto is a coffee chop near The Portland Arms with a high customer rating in the city centre. A price range of £20-25.
The kid friendly coffee shop, the high rated Italian food restaurant, The Cricketers is near The Portland Arms.
Strada serves Japanese food and is located near Yippee Noodle Bar. It is a pub and is rated one out of five by customers.
Fitzbillies coffee shop is a cheap restaurant by the river - the perfect family venue.
Giraffe , located near The Six Bells, is a low price restaurant
Blue Spice is a child-friendly coffee shop. Customer ratings are low. It is located in the city center. Prices are more than £ 30. it is near Avalon
In Fitzbillies sells French food with a price less than £20 located near of The Six Bells
Inexpensive French food is served up at Browns Cambridge, which has a 5 out of 5 rating with customers.
Alimentum is an Indian restaurant with medium prices located in city centre.  Kid friendly.
The Aromi coffee shop in the riverside area has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is children friendly and serves Italian food.
There is a cheap pub called Clowns located in the Riverside. Customers are rating this pub average.
Clowns is a pub in the city centre area with a cheap price range and a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Golden Curry is a non family-friendly French food restaurant with an average customer rating.
There is a pub serving fast food in the city centre named The Waterman. This pub has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The non-family friendly Strada is a Chinese restaurant with a low customer rating.  It is in the less than £20 price range and is near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
Serving moderately-priced Japanese cuisine, the 3-star 'The Wrestlers' is a family-friendly restaurant.
The Olive Grove is a cheap family friendly  pub in riverside.
The Italian coffee shop Cocum is kid-friendly, has high customer rating and in the price range of over £30.
Situated near the Crowne Plaza Hotel, you will find The Waterman - A child friendly fast food eatery.
An English pub named Giraffe is located near riverside and is children-friendly.
The Punter, located near Café Sicilia, is a moderately rated, adult, Japanese coffee shop that is high priced.
The Eagle in riverside, prices £20-25 high customer rating.
Situated in city centre, and with a 3 out of 5 customer rating, The Golden Palace is a moderately priced coffee shop that serves Indian cuisine.
The Golden Curry is French food serving place that is not family-friendly and has an average customer rating.
The Giraffe is an adult pub located in the riverside area.  It serves Japanese style food.
The Plough is pub grub providing Japanese food in the low price range. It is located near Café Rouge adults only
A 3 out of 5 rating in the high price range would be Browns Cambridge.
Located near The Sorrento at the riverside, you will find an Indian coffee shop called The Mill. But you have to know the prices are high.
A child-friendly Fast food establishment, Browns Cambridge, is located near The Sorrento in riverside.
The Rice Boat is located at the City centre and offers meals and drinks at good bargains.
The Mill is a moderate  pub in the city centre that delivers Japanese food.
The Punter is an expensive Fast food restaurant.
The Eagle is a very highly rated Chinese restaurant.
Japanese eatery near Riverside in high price range; The Phoenix is rated 3 out of 5.
Located near the Yippee Noodle Bar and city centre the Alimentum is a Chinese restaurant with high customer rating providing food in the £20-£25 price range.
Aromi rated 5 out of 5 is a non family-friendly Japanese coffee shop that is located at the city centre
Located close to The Sorrento, The Mill offers a coffee shop style experience to enjoy the Japanese food available, with prices starting at £30
The Eagle is an Indian coffee shop, it is pretty bad moderate prices and 3 out of 5 customer ratings, The eagle is on the riverside near the Burger King, yes mothers it can accommodate kids.
The Golden Curry is a low rated  fast food, family-friendly restaurant near  Café Rouge in the city centre.
There is a child friendly restaurant Loch Fyne offering high class quality food
Wildwood coffee shop, near to Ranch, serves expensive Italian food and has 1 out of 5 stars.
Located near Café Brazil there is a pub serving Chinese food for more than £30 called The Cambridge Blue.
The averagely rated Midsummer House, near the Café Rouge, offers Chinese food.
Strada is a family friendly restaurant and is located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café. It has low prices and a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Phoenix is a Chinese restaurant in riverside. It has a low customer rating and the price range is less than £20.
High price ranges The Olive Grove is children Friendly, Pub in the riverside area.
Families with small children can get low-priced, mediocre food at Cocum coffee shop.
The Dumpling Tree is a cheap family friendly coffee shop located in riverside, near Café Sicilia.
Near All Bar One by the riverside is Green Man, an Italian restaurant which is kids friendly with a price range of £20-25.
The Golden Curry is a family friendly, fast food restaurant with an average customer rating.
hello and welcome we would like to tell you about Loch Fyne it is a restaurant we offer very nice English food. at the moment we are not family-friendly.
Located beside the Express by Holiday Inn is a low priced dine in restaurant called The Rice Boat.
In the riverside area near Express by Holiday Inn, is The Rice Boat.  It is children Friendly, has Italian food and an average customer Rating at a high price range.
Cocum is a children friendly restaurant that has a rating of 1 out of 5.
The Waterman located in the city centre area is not children friendly, has a high customer rating, and a price range of more than 30.
In riverside, near Café Adriatic, Travellers Rest Beefeater has a high customer rating with a price range of more than 30 pounds.
A pub with low customer ratings near Café Adriatic, The Vaults, has a price range that is above 30 Euros.
The Strada serves cheap Chinese food. It is located near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café, is family friendly and not well rated.
The Golden Curry is a 1-star rated British restaurant that's not for families.
Family Friendly Indian restaurant is named Loch Fyne.
The Plough is a family-friendly pub serving Chinese food for under £20. It is located near Café Rouge.
A family friendly Japanese coffee shop, Fitzbillies is located on the riverside, with low prices and low ratings.
Zizzi is a family friendly pub offering burgers
Yes, The price range for The Vaults is 20-25
The Punter is a family friendly coffee shop that serves delicious burgers and fries. It is located nearby the Café Sicilia.
The Midsummer House near the Café Rouge,  serves English food and is rated 5 out of 5
The Cocum restaurant is a 3 out of 5 and is child friendly.
A low-rated Italian food restaurant called The Rice Boat can be found in the city centre area near Express by Holiday Inn.  This family-friendly restaurant features an above average price range.
For something cheap and family friendly in riverside, try Green Man.
With a price range of more than £30, The Mill pub serves French food and can be found in city centre.
Fitzbillies is a restaurant providing take-away deliveries in the low price range. It is located in near Express by Holiday Inn
The Rice Boat is located in the city centre near the Express by Holiday Inn and is children-friendly. It serves high price-range Chinese food and has an average customer-rating
There is a Japanese pub with prices less than 20 pounds named Wildwood. It has a low customer rating.
For good Chinese eats near Yippee Noodle Bar, Strada is a nice pub with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The price range of Alimentum restaurant is moderate and it has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.  It is located near Yippee Noodle Bar in the riverside area.
If you want a low customer rated family friendly Fast food restaurant then head to The Golden Curry.
The Mediterranean restaurant, Loch Fyne, is located near The Rice Boat and provides budget eating.
Bibimbap House offers Japanese food in the high price range. It is near Clare Hall in the riverside area.
The Wildwood Pub serves Japanese food at a cheap price.
Fitzbillies is located near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café and is a high-priced venue.
The family-friendly Fitzbillies serves fast food at low prices. The coffee shop, located in the city centre, has received 5 out of 5 in customer rating.
Wildwood is our new English pub. Moderate pricing, and customer ratings of 1 out 5 are sure to draw you in.
Zizzi pub has Chinese food and is family friendly with a high customer rating.
The Waterman is a coffee shop providing family-style dining in the high price range. It is located close to the city center. and has a superb view across the river.
Giraffe coffee shop up the road from The Bakers is a 3 star family friendly eatery.
The Vaults is a family friendly wine and cheese restaurant in the medium price range.
Located in the city centre, high priced family-friendly Italian restaurant, The Waterman, has an average customer rating.
For adults only there is Browns Cambridge serving fast food near the Crowne Plaza Hotel by the riverside in their coffee shop although customer ratings are low.
Moderately priced and with an average customer rating, The Eagle is a coffee shop close to Burger King in the city centre.  Not recommended for children.
The Waterman is a family friendly, three-star restaurant along the riverside.  They serve wine and hors d'oeuvres in the high price range.
Midsummer House is located near All Bar One offering fast food at a higher price range with average customer ratings.
The Plough is a cheap pub near Café Rouge that is not family friendly.
Midsummer House as prices of about 20. they have Italian food with a low rating near All Bar One.
Located in the city centre area is an English pub named The Mill with a high price range.
Near The Portland Arms, at the riverside, there is The Punter, which is family friendly and cheap.
Strada is an Indian restaurant located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café. Although it's very pricey, it has great customer ratings and is known to be kid-friendly.
Midsummer House is a five-star English restaurant near All Bar One and is cheap.
The Wrestlers is not family friendly. It serves high rated, cheap Indian food.
The Wrestlers coffee shop is family friendly, and serves inexpensive food. It is near the city centre  next to the river and Raja Indian Cuisine.
Clowns, a pub near the riverside, has high prices and a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Vaults is a family friendly restaurant.  It is also near the city centre.
The Phoenix offers great food that is most loved by tourists, strategically  located near Chesterton Road
For the sophisticated adult who loves good Italian coffee, come to Cocum.
Fitzbillies, near The Six Bells serves Chinese at a moderate price.
Loch Fyne is a English food restaurant that is children friendly.
Kids friendly pub called Giraffe serves English food in riverside area.
The Rice Boat near Rainbow Vegetarian Café has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 and a price range of more than £30.
Clowns pub in riverside has a high customer rating with price range of more than £30.
If you are looking for a pub in the riverside area, Clowns offers high priced food with a 1 out of 5 star rating.
There is a Chinese restaurant with high customer rating, The Rice Boat located in the city centre near Express by Holiday Inn where price range is more than £30. It is not kid friendly.
The Golden Palace is a riverside Japanese coffee shop. Customers give The Golden Palace a 3 out of 5 rating with a high price range.
The Vaults, a moderately priced coffee shop with a customer rating of 3 out of 5, is located near the Café Brazil in the riverside area.
The Eagle is an average-rated Japanese restaurant.
A kid friendly coffee shop in riverside called Fitzbillies serves Japanese food in the price range of £20-£25. It has high customer ratings.
The Olive Grove is not child friendly, is a pub serving English food, is in the city centre and has a high price range.
Despite being cheap, Browns Cambridge has a low rating.
Located in city centre is the expensive Japanese food restaurant, The Phoenix, which has an average customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Located near Café Adriatic, the moderately-priced 3-star Travellers Rest Beefeater lies on the riverfront north of the city centre.
The Golden Palace is a highly rated coffee shop that serves Italian food in the city centre priced between £20-£25.
The Vaults, in riverside near Café Brazil, is a coffee shop with a high price range and rates 1 out of 5.
Yippee Noodle Bar and Alimentum are fast food restaurant located north of the City center.
The Olive Grove in  riverside has Italian food for less than £20
family-Friendly Zizzi at the riverside is average coffee shop where you can enjoy for under 20£.
Midsummer House, located near Café Rouge, has an average customer rating for their English cuisine.
Clowns coffee shop is located close to Clare Hall in Cambridge.
The Waterman is a family friendly French restaurant located by the river. It has a low price range but has received poor reviews.
Browns Cambridge serves fast food. It is family friendly and located near The Sorrento in riverside.
The low rated pub, The Twenty Two, is located in the riverside area near Café Sicilia.
Wildwood is located near the Ranch. The coffee shop offers food at a low price. It has received one star.
The Cambridge Blue Pub serves Japanese food at £30 plus. You can find it near the Café Brazil.
Japanese edible are available at restaurant The Cricketers near to All Bar One
The Plough is an Indian pub near Café Rouge with moderate prices. They are kid friendly.
Loch Fyne has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 with French food. It is in riverside near The Rice Boat.
Cotto, an Indian coffee shop. The price range is more than £30 . The customer rating is high. It is located to the riverside near The Portland Arms.
English  moderate out of 5  in Browns Cambridge
In the £20-25 price range is the Chinese food serving place, Alimentum. It has a high rating and is in the city centre near Yippee Noodle Bar.
The Olive Grove is a family-friendly pub offering great French food in a city centre near you
The Waterman  is a low-priced restaurant in the city centre that delivers take-away.
The Eagle is a fast food place that received a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
The Phoenix restaurant has English food.  It is a high-priced option with a 3 out of 5 rating, located in City centre.
Visit Wildwood coffee shop for good affordable food situated very close to The Ranch.
The Golden Palace, situated in the city centre, is a coffee shop that serves Italian food with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Phoenix has an awesome early dinner special. Always really nice.
Giraffe is a restaurant with a price range less than £20. It is near The Six Bells.
Low customer rating, pub and Indian food, Wildwood, has a price range of less than £20.
In riverside is a coffee shop, The Vaults, near Café Brazil has a high price range and rates 1 out of 5.
Cocum is a restaurant that is kid friendly and rated 1 out of 5.
A kid friendly coffee shop near Crown Plaza Hotel in the riverside area named Taste of Cambridge serves French food.
On the riverside, near The Rice Boat, The Twenty Two restaurant  offers food at higher than average prices. It is not family-friendly and has a low customer rating.
Browns Cambridge is a top rated French coffee shop near the Crowne Plaza Hotel in city centre. It is kid friendly.
A high priced restaurant that is children friendly in the riverside area, is called The Punter, and is close to The Portland Arms.
For 3 out of five star dining, leave your children at home and enjoy this French themed coffee shop with expensive taste.  Cocum is a experience you wont soon forget.
The Golden Curry is located near The Bakers and is moderately priced fast food for adults
Browns Cambridge is an Indian style coffee shop with 5 out of 5 customer ratings. It is not family friendly and located near Crowne Plaza Hotel at the riverside.
A high priced, one star pub that is family friendly is called Cocum.
The City centre is home to The Phoenix, a high priced, three star restaurant.
The Golden Curry is a high priced Chinese restaurant near The Bakers that is child friendly.
In the riverside area, near Café Rouge, is The Golden Curry.  It serves fast food that is highly rated in a children friendly venue.
The Waterman is providing Chinese food in the more than £30 price range. It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is high.
Aromi is a family-friendly pub in the city centre with a perfect rating.
With a high customer rating, The Punter is a kid friendly coffee shop serving Japanese food.  The price range is L20-25 and is located near Café Sicilia.
Next to The Rice Boat, The Twenty Two is a higher end family restaurant.
The Wrestlers is fast food with a low customer rating.  It has a price range of less than 20 pounds and is family friendly.
Zizzi is as family friendly Italian pub with low customer ratings
with a high customer rating the Strada is kids friendly serving Italian food priced at £20-£25 near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café
Located in the riverside area near Express by Holiday Inn, The Rice Boat is a moderately priced Indian restaurant with a 3 of 5 customer rating. It is kid friendly.
On the riverside, near Café Sicilia, you'll find a coffee shop named The Dumpling Tree, it is both cheap and family friendly.
Located near the city centre, The Twenty Two is a Fast food restaurant that is family-friendly.
There is a no kids-friendly pub The Olive Grove located in the city centre that provides English food in the moderate price range.
The Rice Boat is a three star family restaurant located near the Express by Holiday Inn that serves low-priced food and drinks.
The Blue Spice is a coffee shop providing coffee that prices more than £30, it is children-friendly with a low customer rating and is located in  riverside near Avalon
Loch Fyne is a fast food restaurant that has a family friendly environment.
The French restaurant located in the city centre near the Yippee Noodle Bar is the Alimentum. They have a high price range and a customer rating of 3 out 5.
There is a Italian coffee shop low customer rating called Clowns located at the riverside near Clare Hall.
Located near to The Rice Boat on the riverside, The Twenty Two is a highly priced, child friendly establishment with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Riverside pub, The Olive Grove, offers mid priced French food.  It is not child friendly however.
The French restaurant The Cambridge Blue has a great customer rating of 5 out of 5.
There is an expensive coffee shop called The Eagle located at the riverside, near Burger King  that provides Indian food. The customer rating is 1 out of 5 and it is not children friendly.
There is an Indian pub, restaurant near to Café Rouge. Its called The Plough the meals are reasonably priced but they are not child friendly.
Located near The Bakers, Giraffe is a cheap, family-friendly coffee shop with an average customer rating.
The Rice Boat serves Fast food. It is located near the riverside, near Express by Holiday Inn. It is not kid friendly. It is moderately priced with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Golden Curry serves English food by the river, near Café Rouge. It is child friendly but has a 1 out of 5 rating.
Midsummer House is located near the All Bar One. It has high Price range but an excellent customer rating
Rated 3 out of 5 by customers, non-kid friendly The Twenty Two  serves mid-range priced food. Twenty Two can be found near The Rice Boat in the city centre.
Family friendly, Strada, is located near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café. It offers British food in the low price range and has a 3 star rating.
Giraffe is a French-style pub that is children-friendly in the riverside area.
Cotto is a coffee shop that serves Indian food at a high price for not very good reviews. It is located on the riverside by The Portland Arms
Midsummer House is located near Café Rouge, serving Chinese food, and is rated five out of five.
The Eagle coffee shop is a medium-priced  restaurant that is a coffee shop too. It has a excellent rating and is for the whole family. It's located besides from Burger King
Cheap Japanese food at The Waterman in the city centre is for adults only and highly rated
Further along the river from the Yippee Noodle Bar is a Greek restaurant named Alimentum. It is within the higher price range and is rated 1 star.
Alimentum, in the city centre, serves budget Indian food. Not suitable for families.
There is an adult restaurant near The Bakers for a low price. It is called The Golden Curry and serves Chinese food.
The Olive Grove is a children-friendly, high-priced pub located in the city centre which serves Chinese food.
At the end of the city located beside Yippee Noodle Bar is a high end restaurant called Alimentum.
Wildwood is a pub which serves Italian cuisine. It has a low price range and a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Eagle gets a customer Rating 3 out of 5 for their Japanese food.
The Dumpling Tree kids friendly pub with  Italian food near to The Portland Arms.
For average Chinese food at inexpensive prices, The Waterman in city centre is ok without the kids.
Browns Cambridge has a high customer rating with a price range of more than £30.
Fitzbillies has a low customer rating and a price range more than 30. It is child friendly and located near Express by Holiday Inn.
In riverside there is The Waterman which is a pub with Indian food
Travellers Rest Beefeater, situated near Café Adriatic in the city centre is rated 5 out of 5 by customers with a price range over 30.
Loch Fyne is an English restaurant located by The Rice Boat in the city centre. The customer rating is very low.
The Waterman is a low-priced restaurant in the city centre that delivers take-away.
Blue Spice, near Avalon in the city centre, is this amazing coffee shop that will set you back £20-25, though it's not kid-friendly.
The Rice Boat is an unwelcoming low quality restaurant
Serving moderately priced fast food, Fitzbillies, a coffee shop in the city centre, offers a non-kid friendly environment and a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
There is a French coffee shop with an average customer rating named Cotto in riverside near The Portland Arms that is priced less than £20.
The Rice Boat is averagely rated and cheap. It is near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
A kid friendly Fast food place named Strada near Rainbow Vegetarian Café with high customer rating and a price range of £20-25.
In the city centre, neat The Portland Arms is Cotto coffee shop.  Its cheap Italian food is highly rated.
The Eagle is a riverside coffee shop that serves French style food, with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 this leaves a lot to be desired with a high price range and no children policy you can find it located near Burger King.
A riverside restaurant, The Golden Palace, is a 3 out of 5.
The Punter coffee shop and Indian food is high on price and average in customer Rating, children friendly near Café Sicilia.
The Golden Curry, a highly rated Chinese restaurant is located in Riverside. It is near Café Rouge and is very kid friendly.
Highly rated Cocum is a coffee shop serving Indian food. Not kid friendly and priced £20-25.
The Waterman is a cheap riverside restaurant, for adults, serving one starred British food.
Cocum is a kids friendly coffee shop with moderate price
The Vaults is kid friendly.  It is in the high price range.
A family friendly, moderately-priced Italian restaurant with low reviews is The Wrestlers.
Bibimbap House is a high priced Indian restaurant located in city centre near Clare Hall.
The Golden Curry is child friendly and is located near The Six Bells.
The Vaults is a pub located near Café Adriatic with a moderate price range.  Scores 3 out of 5 by customers.
A 3 star restaurant, The Golden Curry is a family friendly restaurant located in Cambridge.
The Punter coffee shop, near Café Sicilia, has a low customer rating, is kid friendly and serves Japanese food. Their price range is more than £30.
The Phoenix has French food at a low price, but with low ratings.
There is a kid friendly Italian coffee shop near Crown Plaza Hotel by riverside called Browns Cambridge. It is rated 1 out of 5.
Near The Portland Arms there is a five-star coffee shop called The Cricketers.
Clowns is a 1 out 5 rated pub on the riverside, that has a moderate price range.
The Plough, a children-friendly restaurant near The Bakers offers meals for more than £30.
The Twenty Two is a restaurant in the city centre offering food for less than £20. It's near The Rice Boat.  Beware that it is not family-friendly.
The Twenty Two is near The Rice Boat in city centre. It is children friendly, the price range is more than £30, and has a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
Cocum is a family-friendly coffee shop with high reviews and decent prices.
A high price range restaurant, The Phoenix, serves Chinese food and has a customer rating of average.  The restaurant is located in riverside.
There is an expensive, five-star pub called The Vaults located near Café Adriatic.
An expensive and child friendly Japanese coffee shop in riverside is The Wrestlers. It is near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Punter is a coffee shop providing fast food in the low price range. It is located near Café Sicilia.
The Cambridge Blue pub serves Chinese food in the high rice range and is near Café Brazil
You can get high-priced Fast food at The Waterman. They are child friendly and have an average customer rating.
Zizzi is an average, family friendly Indian pub.
The Olive Grove is a family friendly pub which serves Japanese food for less than £20.  It is in the riverside area
The coffee restaurant, The Golden Palace, serves decadent coffees and snacks. Located just outside of the city center.
Alimentum is a Japanese restaurant located in the city centre near Yippee Noodle Bar.  It is high priced with a customer rating of 3.
Located near Café Rouge it is Midsummer House, serving Italian food, 3 out of 5 customers recommend it.
The Dumpling Tree is a mid-price restaurant.
Wildwood is a pub providing Indian food in the cheap price range. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Bibimbap House near Clare Hall with English food and moderate price range
The Waterman is an Indian restaurant located on the riverside. It has an average customer rating but is in the high price range. Feel free to bring your children as the restaurant is child friendly.
Located in riverside is a cheap, family friendly pub called The Olive Grove
Alimentum, a low priced, family friendly restaurant is located on the river in City centre.
A restaurant near The Bakers is a The Plough.  The Plough is not family friendly and they are average priced.
The high customer rated Cocum is an Italian coffee shop in the more than £30 price range.  It is not children friendly.
Located in the city centre, Browns Cambridge is a low priced five star Italian restaurant.
Riverside pub Clowns offers moderately priced food. The customer rating is an average 3 out of 5 rating.
Blue Spice by riverside is less than £20.
The Golden Curry is a low rated restaurant that  provides Italian food for kids.
The Wrestlers  is a restaurant serving Indian  dishes priced in the £20-25 range which  has received a high customer rating  and is very kids friendly.
In the city centre near the Yippee Noodle Bar is a restaurant with a 5 out of 5 customer rating. They provide cheap Chinese meals and goes by the name Alimentum.
There is a cheap fast food coffee shop named Wildwood located near the Ranch. Its rating is 5.
Strada has a moderate price, is not kids friendly, and an average rating. They serve Indian food near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
Blue Spice serves French food. It has a price range of less then 20 dollars and is located in the city centre.
The Rice Boat has a high customer rating with a price range of between 20-25 pounds.  It is near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
For a coffee shop on the riverside visit The Vaults located near Café Brazil.  It is averagely rated and costs less than 20 Euros.
The Wrestlers provides Indian food in the £20-25 price range. Its customer rating is high.
The Eagle is a riverside coffee shop near Burger King.  Its fast food is average priced and highly rated.
The Punter, a kid friendly coffee shop near Café Sicilia, serves Japanese.  Prices range L20-25 with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Bibimbap House is a restaurant that serves Indian food in the city centre, near The Rice Boat.
Browns Cambridge is a highly reviewed Italian restaurant with prices in the  £20-25 range.
The Rice Boat can be found by Express by Holiday Inn. It serves 5 star wine and cheese, at a high price, and is family friendly.
The Eagle is a cheap coffee shop situated at the riverside near Burger King.
Go by the waterfront and enjoy a nice sushi place with affordable prices called Bibimbap House near Clare Hall.
Alimentum proudly serves English food at a low price range with an average customer rating located in riverside near Yippee Noodle Bar.
The Cambridge Blue is a high-priced restaurant located near the Café Brazil.
Highly rated The Wrestlers is an adult English venue, average priced.
Located at the riverside near Clare Hall, Clowns is a coffee shop that serves Japanese food.  Customers rate their satisfaction with the coffee shop as high.
Strada is a cheap English restaurant located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café . It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 and is not family-friendly.
The Waterman, is a Japanese restaurant that is not kid friendly, but it's in the middle of the city, it's highly rated by customers, and its priced at an average £20-25.
The Rice Boat is a moderate priced English restaurant located at the city centre near Express by Holiday Inn with a customer rating 3 out of 5. It has a kids friendly atmosphere.
Browns Cambridge  serves Indian food unsuitable for families  and is located in riverside  by the  Crowne Plaza Hotel
The Twenty Two offers high customer Rating area city centre for kids Friendly in The Rice Boat.
Wildwood is a coffee shop  with high prices, located near Ranch
The Wrestlers is a moderately priced Italian restaurant that is kids friendly near Raja located in riverside.
Located near All Bar One is a Japanese restaurant called The Cricketers.
If you are searching for a place near The Six Bells and that is not family-friendly, The Golden Curry might be for you.
If you are looking for a child friendly restaurant, check out The Plough near the Express by Holiday Inn
A coffee shop that is kids friendly is located near The Bakers named Giraffe. It also has a moderate price range with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Mill is a French coffee shop with low prices.  It is near The Sorrento along the riverside.
Fitzbillies is a restaurant in the low price range located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
There is a moderate price range pub The Cambridge Blue located near Café Brazil.
Not far from city center., there is an expensive restaurant called Blue Spice.
Browns Cambridge has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 and serves cheap Fast food.
The Cambridge Blue is a costly pub serving fast food, located near Café Brazil
Fitzbillies provides Chinese food in the more than £30 price range. It is near The Six Bells.
The Punter is a child-friendly fast food coffee shop with average customer reviews and a high price range, located near Café Sicilia.
The Golden Curry is a fast food restaurant that is not family friendly. Their service only ranks in at 1 star according to reviews.
Strada, the Japanese pub near Yippee Noodle Bar, is rated 1 out of 5.
For Japanese and kid friendly fair, you have The Twenty Two.
The Cricketers coffee shop near The Portland Arms, is a coffee shop for the whole family. Which also offers 3 star service and a variety of Food, Wine, and Spirits.
The kid friendly restaurant, The Rice Boat,  is located in the riverside area.   It serves Chinese food and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Strada is a high-priced restaurant with a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
Cotto, Indian food serving coffee shop near The Portland Arms in the city centre has an average customer rating and is cheap.
Blue Spice is an average-priced restaurant in the riverside area.
An English restaurant,  Green Man, is moderately priced in Riverside near All Bar One. They are not kid friendly.
The Cotto is a high-priced coffee shop located in the City centre near by The Portland Arms which has 3 stars, is high-priced, and serves sushi.
Near Café Rouge, a pub called The Plough offers children friendly Indian food with a price range over £30.
Blue Spice is a cheap, family friendly coffee shop with an average customer rating near Avalon in the Riverside area.
The coffee shop Fitzbillies is located riverside with an average customer rating. They serve cheap Indian food and are family friendly.
Near the Express by Holiday Inn in the city centre area is a Fast food family-friendly restaurant named The Rice Boat with a low customer Rating.
The Eagle is a five star family friendly Italian coffee shop which is located next to Burger King.
There is a Chinese place near Café Rouge, Midsummer House, with customer rating 3 out of 5.
The Cambridge Blue is a 5-star sushi restaurant.
There is a pub known as Zizzi that serves Indian food, and has a kid-friendly atmosphere with high customer ratings.
The Mill is a pub that serves English food and with a cheap price range. They are located in the riverside area.
The Olive Grove is a fast food, kids-friendly riverside pub with moderate priced food.
The Rice Boat  is a French food restaurant located in the city centre, near the Express by Holiday Inn. It is not children friendly, highly priced and poorly rated.
Located near Burger King, The Eagle is a low priced coffee shop north of the city center.
There is a mid-price ranged Indian food restaurant located in the riverside area near Yippee Noodle Bar. it is called Alimentum and has low customer ratings.
Near Café Rouge is The Golden Curry- a Japanese food restaurant located in the Riverside area- has a customer rating 5 out of 5 and is not family-friendly.
Cocum is not family-friendly and is rated average.
Zizzi is a moderately priced restaurant in the city centre.
There is a cheap Blue Spice located in the riverside.
You can find Japanese food at Cotto, which is near Café Rouge.
Close to The Portland Arms at riverside there is an outstanding coffee shop called Cotto. They serve medium price range French food.
The restaurant The Cricketers is near All Bar One serving English food.
The Punter is an English restaurant that costs 20 to 25 pounds.
The Golden Palace is a one-star coffee shop located just outside the city centre.
For a kids-friendly Fast food restaurant pop alone to Loch Fyne
Near the Ranch is a 3 out of 5 rated venue serving Japanese food called Cotto, the establishment is kid friendly.
There is an Indian restaurant in the city centre, near Express by Holiday Inn, The Rice Boat.  It has a moderate price range, is not child friendly and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Rice Boat sells Japanese food at high prices. It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and is children friendly. It can be found on the riverside near Express by Holiday Inn.
The Golden Curry serves fast food and is family-friendly. They are located near Café Rouge in city centre. They have a low customer rating.
The Cricketers is a child friendly pub with a low customer rating, located near Ranch.
Midsummer House is a restaurant specialising in Indian food for a moderate price, with a customer rating 3 out of 5, near All Bar One.
For a slap up, child friendly meal visit Blue Spice situated by the river.
A coffee shop serving Japanese cuisine is kid friendly with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.  It is located near The Portland Arms and named The Cricketers.
The Phoenix is a place to eat cheap Italian food. It's located at the riverside and is very highly rated.
For a high-end meal, Blue Spice is in the city centre.
Giraffe is a pub located in the city centre. It serves Indian food, but is not family friendly.
The Waterman is cheap, family-friendly Fast Food restaurant located in the city centre. Customers have rated it as average.
A Japanese restaurant called Loch Fyne is children-friendly.
Strada is a fast food pub near Yippee Noodle Bar. It has customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Child friendly, The Olive Grove pub serves Japanese food on the riverside with a price range of more than £30.
There is a highly rated coffee ship that is not kid friendly near Burger King.  It is called The Eagle in Riverside and has a price range over 30 pounds for Italian food
There is a Japanese coffee shop in the riverside area called The Golden Palace. It has a low customer rating, and costs more than £30.
Aromi is a poorly rated riverside coffee shop that serves Italian food. It is family friendly.
An Italian pub near Café Brazil is The Cambridge Blue whose meals are more than 30 pounds.
there's a kids friendly Japanese food restaurant called Loch Fyne
The Vaults is a pub near Café Adriatic and the price range is moderate. It is rated 3 out of 5.
The Alimentum serves French food. It is located by the river and is not family-friendly. The price range is less than £20.
Cotto is less than £20 in riverside, near All Bar One.
Loch Fyne It is a restaurant that serves the best food
The Punter is a cheap coffee shop which also serves Indian food near Café Sicilia. It is a family friendly place given a 5 star rating by it's customers.
A restaurant called Loch Fyne is a non family-friendly restaurant serving English food. It is low priced.
There is place The Twenty Two with moderate price range located near The Rice Boat in the riverside area.
The Twenty Two is an Italian restaurant located in the city centre. It is not family-friendly.
Wildwood is a kid friendly restaurant.
Located in the city centre, Fitzbillies is a Japanese coffee shop in the £20-25 price range. It is kid friendly with a three out of five customer rating.
there is a mid priced pub offering appetizers called Wildwood
The Cricketers is a coffee shop located near The Portland Arms which also serves Indian food. It has received low ratings from customers and is not family-friendly.
there is a Fast food restaurant near the All Bar One called The Cricketers
The Vaults is a pub near Café Adriatic, you will experience an average customer rating for under £20.
Zizzi is a family place that has great food.
People who have visited The Phoenix rave about it, it is a highly rated sushi place.
Located at the city center near the Express by Holiday Inn is a Indian food restaurant with an affordable price range. Customers rate this establishment 5 out of 5. This family friendly place is called The Rice Boat.
The family friendly pub Cocum has an average customer rating and a price range of less than £20.
Browns Cambridge's Japanese food costs £20-25 and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
With a customer rating of 3 out of 5, The Phoenix is located in riverside and serves English food.
Fitzbillies is located near The Six Bells and they serve Italian food with a moderate price range.
A children friendly coffee shop called The Cricketers is near The Portland Arms. It provides French food and it has has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Rice Boat provides Chinese food in the cheap price range. It is located in the city centre. It is near Express by Holiday Inn. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
The Waterman serves Japanese food near the city center and is kid friendly.  The price range is moderate and the customer rating is 1 out of 5.
There is a cheap restaurant Wildwood located in the centre of the city that provides take-away deliveries.
There is an average price coffee shop in riverside Zizzi. The coffee shop has average customer ratings and they are family friendly.
Bibimbap House offers French food with expensive price near Clare Hall.
Loch Fyne is an average rated Japanese restaurant located near The Rice Boat in the city centre.
The Plough is a pub located near Café Rouge, which serves sushi at a low price range, and is not family friendly.
Fitzbillies is a five star coffee shop that serves high price sushi. It has a family friendly environment, and can be found outside of city center.
Café Rouge is a fast food restaurant near Midsummer House with an average rating.
Alimentum is a family friendly and cheap restaurant serving Japanese food on the riverside.
The Rice Boat serves Indian food and is not children friendly with a high price range and a customer rating of 1 out of 5.  It is located in the city center near the Express by Holiday Inn.
Cocum is a 5 out of 5 rated restaurant that is family friendly.
The Waterman offers fast food. It is not child-friendly. Customer Rating 1 out of 5 is located in the city center. Prices are moderate
Located near The Portland Arms in riverside, The Punter is child friendly and has a price range of more the £30.
Near to the Ranch is a pub called The Cricketers which is child friendly and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Chinese restaurant The Golden Curry is not family friendly and has a low customer rating.
The Vaults is a moderately priced Italian restaurant that is kid friendly.
With an average customer rating in the riverside area coming in with a cheap price range and serving fast food includes The Phoenix.
Taste of Cambridge is a moderately priced restaurant with a 1 out of 5 customer rating.
Blue Spice is a cheap, family friendly coffee shop with a 5 out of 5 rating. It is located along the riverside near Avalon.
There is a pub with a 3 out of 5 rating near Café Adriatic. It called The Vaults. The prices are high.
Although the Cotto located near to Ranch has a low customer rating of 1 out of 5 it is has a great kids friendly atmosphere serving English Food.
Zizzi is an inexpensive restaurant located along the river.
Alimentum is Japanese food that is more than  £30 near Yippee Noodle Bar in the city centre and is rated 5 out of 5.
The Phoenix is an above average Japanese eatery located in the city centre
Strada is a low-priced restaurant near Rainbow Vegetarian Café that serves Italian dishes and has a 5 out of 5 customer rating. Strada is also family friendly.
Fitzbillies is an affordable, five star, coffee shop located in City Centre that is accommodating for families.
In the riverside area, there is a children-friendly, expensive Italian coffee shop named Fitzbillies, which has an average customer rating.
The Rice Boat is rated 3 out of 5, with a moderate price range, near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
The Wrestlers is a five star restaurant for all the family with reasonable prices
There is a coffee shop Cocum that provides French foods in less than £20 but it is not family-friendly.
An Indian food place with a moderate price range and bad customer ratings in the riverside area is The Rice Boat it is near the Express by Holiday Inn and is not kid friendly
The Plough pub is a pub for adults that offers Italian cuisine at low prices. It is located near Café Rouge.
Fitzbillies is a cheap place to get coffee and Indian food, they are located near center city and has an average customer service rating. Fitzbillies is not family friendly.
For Italian food, The Eagle has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Paying more then  £30 you can get Japanese at Fitzbillies. Its located near The Six Bells.
There is a cheap fast food establishment in the city centre named The Waterman. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 and is not child friendly.
The Phoenix is a moderate priced eating establishment providing English food and is rated 1 out of 5. It is located along the riverside area.
The Eagle is located in the city centre. It's in the less than £20 price range and has a low customer rating.
The Eagle, located near Burger King on the riverside, is a coffee shop that also serves Indian food. It is kids friendly and food is priced between £20-25.
The Golden Palace restaurant in city centre is average rating.
Alimentum has French fare, near the Yippee Noodle Bar about the center of the city, it has less that 20lb prices with low ratings.
The Wrestlers is an expensive Japanese  restaurant with a 5-Star rating, but is not children friendly.
Found near Café Sicilia by the river is a coffee shop named The Dumpling Tree. Suitable for children and averagely priced.
The Golden Curry is a moderate priced restaurant near The Bakers that provides Indian food,and yes, it is kids friendly
The Rice Boat serves Japanese food in the £20-£25 price range, highly rated and family-friendly, it is located in the city centre near Express by Holiday Inn.
Wildwood is a pub that serves sushi for 3 and has a low rating.
In the city centre there is a family-friendly Fast food restaurant with prices below £20. It is called The Waterman and its customer ratings are low.
This pub here also known as Zizzi serves Chinese food averaging a three out of five rating.
The Olive Grove is a pub that serves moderate priced Indian food in the city centre area. It is kid friendly.
The Waterman is a children Friendly in the high Price range.
The Phoenix, a Japanese restaurant in riverside, has a high customer rating and price range from £20-25.
Fitzbillies, located near The Six Bells, offers cheap Italian food.
The Rice Boat is located in the riverside area. They serve Chinese food.
There is a cheap Chinese restaurant, called The Punter.
Alimentum, in Riverside, is a high end, yet kid friendly, French eatery.
A children friendly French venue near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café called Strada has a 3 out of 5 customer rating.
The Punter is a coffee shop providing Fast food. It is located near  Café Sicilia.
Cotto is an Italian family friendly restaurant with a low customer rating near Ranch.
The Waterman offers fast food at a moderate price range. It is also kid friendly with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Eagle is located in the Riverside area and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. Expect to pay more than £30 price range
The Phoenix is in the city centre and serves average Chinese food
Loch Fyne, a Japanese restaurant, has a kids friendly atmosphere.
Near Burger King in riverside is a coffee shop that serves fast food called The Eagle. The price range is more than £30, they have a high customer rating and are not kid friendly.
French food at The Eagle coffee shop by the riverside near Burger King, is children friendly and the price range is more than £30, although it has a low customer rating.
The Golden Palace is a cheap coffee shop located near the river.  It has five stars.
There is a family friendly pub that serves fast food near The Portland Arms called The Dumpling Tree.
The Wrestlers is a five star fast food outlet. They offer meals at a reasonable amount  money. You can also take your children to enjoy a meal with you.
Next  to Express by Holiday Inn you will find the 3 out of 5 star eatery The Rice Boat.  Offering low prices in a family friendly atmosphere.
The Rice Boat serves traditional English food in riverside. It boasts a child friendly environment and has a high customer rating.
Even though customer ratings are low at The Rice Boat I love taking my family to eat their Fast food in the city centre.
Midsummer House is a 5-star English restaurant near All Bar One with average prices.
The Olive Grove is a pub that is kid friendly. It is located in the city center area. They offer Japanese food at a moderate price.
A cheap coffee shop by the name Cocum , that's not a place to bring the family is rated 5 out of 5 serves French.
A family friendly pub serving Chinese food is Zizzi.
The Rice Boat sells English food that is less than £20, not family-friendly and has a customer rating that is low located in the city centre near Express by Holiday Inn
The Cambridge Blue, a cheap Japanese pub, is located near Café Brazil.
Families are welcome at the one star, Fitzbillies coffee shop near the river.
The Vaults, near Café Adriatic, is an average rated pub that costs less than £20.
Clowns is an Italian coffee shop with a 3 out of 5 customer rating.  It is located in riverside near Clare Hall
There is a cheap restaurant called The Plough near The Bakers that provides a family friendly atmosphere.
Loch Fyne is a children friendly  restaurant providing  Chinese food and is in the high price range.
Near Café Rouge, there is a Japanese place called The Midsummer House with a rating of 1 out of 5.
The Olive Grove is a non-family-friendly pub in the city centre that serves fast food less than L20.
Browns Cambridge serves Fast food in a coffee shop rated 5 out of 5 stars. family-friendly and in the city centre area near Crowne Plaza Hotel
There is a children friendly fast food restaurant named Cotto near Ranch with a high customer rating.
Rainbow Vegetarian Café is near The Rice Boat that has a customer rating 3 out of 5 and is expensive.
The cheap city centre restaurant, Travellers Rest Beefeater, is not family friendly.
The Wrestlers is a cheap, fast food, and family-Friendly restaurant with an average rating.
The Phoenix is a cheap Italian restaurant by the riverside. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Twenty Two is a kid-friendly Italian restaurant located near the riverside.
The Olive Grove is a family pub with Italian food at riverside. It charges less than £20.
For five-star reviewed food, try The Eagle in Cambridge. It is a licensed restaurant, so you can enjoy a drink, too.
Located near Burger King in the city centre, The Eagle is a non kid friendly Italian coffee shop with a high price range and a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Waterman is a French eatery located in the city centre. They have high customer ratings and cost between £20-25 but are not child friendly.
The Giraffe which is a pub located in the city center is not a family-friendly place to eat Italian food.
Rainbow Vegetarian Café called Strada sells French food that costs more than £30 and has a low rating and is not child friendly.
Leave the kids at home, while you quickly feed your needs at The Eagle.  This 1 out of 5 establishment is near Burger King in riverside and is also very expensive coffee.
Cotto, a fast food coffee shop near The Portland Arms in City Centre, has low ratings but moderate pricing.
The city centre near Clare Hall provides Fast food, a coffee shop, and Clowns on an average day.
The Wrestlers is a high priced Italian restaurant.  It is child friendly  with average customer ratings.
The Golden Curry provides Chinese food It is located in the riverside. It is near Café Rouge. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Near the Crowne Plaza Hotel is The Waterman. a child friendly place that serves Italian.
The Vaults is a moderate priced pub near Café Adriatic. The customer rating is 3 out of 5.
There is a highly rated French pub called Wildwood that has a price range of £20-25.
A cheap, family friendly venue is Clowns which is near Café Sicilia.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop that serves Indian food, high price range, customer service rating 1 out of 5, in Riverside
The Golden Curry is a cheaper venue that offers Japanese food and is family friendly, located near to The Bakers
Alimentum serves expensive but average-rated Indian cuisine. It is located in the center of town, close to Yippee Noodle Bar.
Cocum is a kid friendly pub in the moderate price range.  It had a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Strada offers is a restaurant with a customer rating 3 out of 5. It has a high price range. It has a bad children friendly atmosphere.
The Waterman is a family-friendly restaurant providing English food in the cheap price range.  It is located in the city centre
The Green Man is an Indian venue in a moderate price range in the city centre near All Bar One. It is not kid friendly.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is an expensive, highly rated restaurant in the riverside area near Café Adriatic.
for a place with a price range of less than twenty pounds, check out Browns Cambridge; they have an average customer rating
The Waterman is a cheap family,  friendly restaurant.
The Vaults provides Indian food in the high price range.
The Rice Boat in the riverside area has English food, is child-friendly, and has a high customer rating.
Cocum is an inexpensive coffee shop for adults only. It serves wine and cheese.
The Golden Curry is a low rated English restaurant that is not family-friendly.
The Waterman is a riverside pub with high ratings that serves French food.
Blue Spice is a cheaply priced, highly rated 5 out of 5 coffee shop located in the centre of the city near Avalon. It is not kid friendly.
Alimentum, a Japanese restaurant, is child friendly, riverside, and has a high price range.
Cocum is a family friendly coffee shop that is expensive and sells sushi.
Green Man is a family oriented sushi restaurant located just near All Bar One. It is a middle price range restaurant.
The Plough is a nice pub which serves Chinese food at a low price range of £20 - £25.  The pub is kid friendly and sis located near Café Rouge
Strada is a low cost, family friendly establishment serving alcohol. It is close to the Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
Near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café, there is the 1 out of 5 English food establishment Strada, serving at a moderate price.
There is an expensive Italian restaurant on the riverside called The Phoenix.  The customers rate it as average.
The Twenty Two serving Indian food. Is not family-friendly.
The Waterman is family friendly and offers classic English dishes, near the Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Browns Cambridge a French restaurant in the more than £30 range has poor customer rating.
There is cheap coffee shop named Zizzi in the price range of 20 Pound located in a riverside and good customer rating, Shop is family friendly
Midsummer House, located near All Bar One, serves French food.  Price range is inexpensive, but customer rating is low.
The Plough pub is a friendly place for all the family to enjoy. The fast food cost no more than 20 pounds and is located near Café Rouge.
Cotto is a Italian coffee shop that has a low customer rating and has a price range less than  £20. It is near The Portland Arms in the city centre.
Near The Six Bells is a French restaurant named Fitzbillies in the price range of more than £30.
Alimentum is located near Yippee Noodle Bar in the city centre. It is a moderately priced Chinese restaurant with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Near Ranch is a child friendly pub named The Cricketers that has a high customer rating.
There is a coffee shop called The Punter, with moderate prices that serves kids friendly fast food. It is situated near Café Sicilia and its rating is 1 out of 5.
For five star Japanese food, why not try Strada, located near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
Strada is a highly rated pub and is near Yippee Noodle Bar.
The Golden Curry is a top rated family friendly eatery.
The Rice Boat has 1 out of 5 stars and has a moderate price range.  They are near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
The Wildwood is a mid ranged coffee shop with low customer ratings and is located near the Ranch.
Cocum is a kid-friendly pub with a moderate price range. Customers rate Cocum 1 out of 5.
Strada, a one-star burger and fry restaurant located near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café, caters to families on a budget.
With a customer rating of 5 out of 5, The Golden Curry has Italian and is family friendly.
A coffee shop called The Mill is located near The Sorrento in the city centre. The Mill serves Indian food for less than  £20.
The Mill is a riverside pub. It serves fast food, and has a price range of £20 to £25.
The Plough is  a pub near Café Rouge. It serves Italian food in children friendly atmosphere. The Plough pub offers food in high price range.
The Wrestlers restaurant has received low ratings for their Japanese food. It is not a child-friendly restaurant, and cost more than £30.
The Rice Boat is a kid friendly Japanese restaurant in riverside with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
In City Centre is a pub that is not kid friendly  called The Olive Grove that has a moderate price range.
Travellers Rest Beefeater has a high customer rating with a price range of more than 30 pounds.  It is in the riverside area near Café Adriatic.
The Dumpling Tree is not a family-friendly pump that is serves Fast food.  You can find it near The Portland Arms.
The Eagle is near Burger King in the city centre. It's a Japanese coffee shop with a price range of more than £30. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. And, yes, it is child friendly.
Zizzi is a pub providing Chinese food Its customer rating is low.
Giraffe, bar, Indian food, riverside area, family friendly
There is a moderate priced Japanese restaurant in riverside named Alimentum.
The Vaults serves French food, is not family-friendly, and has prices less than £20.
The Wrestlers serves Chinese food with a price of over £30. The Wrestlers has a high customer rating and is child friendly.
With an average customer rating, The Golden Curry is a non family-friendly French restaurant.
A pub type eatery called The Vaults is located near Café Adriatic. It has a price range of less than £20 with a low customer rating.
For a less child friendly and more adult fast food experience try The Eagle coffee shop near the Burger King in the riverside area.  It charges a bit more than the average coffee shop but is highly rated.
Midsummer House, near All Bar One serves moderately priced English food and is rated 3 out of 5 stars.
Browns Cambridge sells Indian food,  and is kids friendly,,  it is in riverside area near  The Sorrento
On the riverside near The Rice Boat is the Japanese restaurant Loch Fyne with excellent customer service.
The Phoenix has Italian food in riverside with a moderate price range and a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Wildwood restaurant is family friendly.
The Mill is a French Pub in riverside costing more than £30.
The Golden Curry near Café Rouge in the city centre is a family-friendly fast food establishment with an average customer rating.
Fitzbillies is a mid priced coffee shop. It is family friendly and can be found near the river.
The Waterman is a cheap restaurant in the city centre offering Indian food in a family friendly atmosphere. It has average customer rating.
If you're looking for somewhere that isn't family-friendly, riverside has Taste of Cambridge, a French coffee shop near the Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Alimentum is an Indian food restaurant in the riverside area. Their price range is more than £30 and they are kid friendly.
Cocum, an inexpensive and family friendly coffee shop, serves Indian cuisine. It has an average customer rating.
The Golden Curry is a moderately priced, non family-friendly fast food restaurant located near The Bakers.
Cocum is a pub with a average customer rating. It has a high price range and it's children-friendly.
Blue Spice is an affordable restaurant in Riverside.  Prices range of food is less than £20.
Strada is a pub that serves Japanese food. It is rated poorly and is located by Yippee Noodle Bar.
In The Portland Arms there is a nice 3 stars coffee shop Cotto that provides low-priced food. It is located in the city centre.
Although not family friendly, the Green Man is cheap and located on the river.
In the range of £20-25, near Café Rouge, is The Plough, a kid-friendly pub offering Indian food.
The Green Man is a restaurant located in the centre of the city.
The Twenty Two is a low-priced venue that is family friendly. You can also get on The Rice Boat here.
The Rice Boat offers Fast and cheap food for family Friendly located in Express by Holiday Inn.
Browns Cambridge in the riverside area, near The Sorrento, serves Indian food and is children-friendly.
The Waterman is a fast food pub that is by the riverside with a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
A Fast food restaurant called Strada is located near the moderate Rainbow Vegetarian Café, is kid friendly, and has a rating of 1 out of 5.
Located in the center of the city there is a French restaurant named The Rice Boat near Express by Holiday Inn with a low price range and a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Loch Fyne is children friendly high priced restaurant of Italian cuisine.
Serving British food is the family friendly but expensive Green Man. It can be found in the riverside area near All Bar One.
The Twenty Two is a high end yet child-friendly option near The Rice Boat in riverside, and comes highly rated.
The Plough pub near Café Rouge offers a family friendly environment at a low cost.
Blue Spice is an expensive French restaurant in the city centre.
Family friendly Sushi restaurant The Waterman is near to the river, and serves mid price range food.
The Punter  close to  Café Sicilia , A 3 star coffee shop that offers classic American cuisine at an affordable price for the whole family.
The Cambridge Blue is a pub that provides Indian food at a price range of more than £30. It is located near Café Brazil.
Serving cheap French food, The Waterman is adult only and has high customer ratings.
Located near The Sorrento in Riverside, Browns Cambridge serves French food and is children-friendly.
Indian food that won't break your budget: The Waterman.  Located in the riverside area, The Waterman, is an inexpensive, family friendly dining experience. Customer rating: 5 out of 5.
Located riverside near Café Sicilia,  The Dumpling Tree is a family friendly coffee shop with prices less than £20.
The Golden Curry offers children friendly Fast food. It has an average customer rating and is located in riverside near Café Rouge.
Wildwood is an Indian coffee shop in the moderate price range located near Ranch and has a 1 out of 5 rating.
For moderate prices, Bibimbap House proves Indian food located near Clare Hall in the city center.
A place with Italian food that is also family friendly is Aromi.
Green Man is a Italian styled pub that in the riverside area near Café Rouge.
Located near The Six Bells, Fitzbillies serves inexpensive English food.
There is Italian food at The Phoenix with a high customer rating and a cheap price range, they are in the City Centre.
The Vaults, higher price range menu but has a customer rating of 1 out of 5, is a pub close to the Café Adriatic.
The Strada Italian food place is near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.  It is not kids Friendly and the price range is between 20 to 25.
The Golden Curry near The Bakers serves English food for less than £20, but it is not family-friendly.
The Olive Grove is a Chinese food pub that is not children friendly. It's price range is high and is located in the city centre.
The Waterman has a rating of 3 out of 5 stars. It is located near the riverside and serves Italian food.
Browns Cambridge is family friendly serving Indian food in riverside close to The Sorrento.
The Mill is a coffee shop with price range less than 20 with Fast food located in the city centre near The Sorrento.
The Taste of Cambridge Pub, located near The Sorrento in Cambridge, is not suitable for families with small children.
Loch Fyne is an adult restaurant located in Cambridge.
The Waterman is a riverfront, family-friendly sushi restaurant that is medium-priced.
Clowns pub is located riverside with a price range of over £30, with a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
In riverside there is a pub that serves Italian food called The Olive Grove which is very cheap and is child-friendly
Indian food at moderate prices can be found at the kids friendly The Vaults.
When you're thirsty for coffee, think of the Cocum coffee shop when in  town.
Fitzbillies family friendly coffee shop serves high priced Sushi meals. One star rating. Located in the riverside area.
Browns Cambridge is not cheap but is conveniently located
The Vaults is a coffee shop in riverside  near Café Brazil, it has high customer rating and a price range of £20-25.
For Children Friendly French food, Browns Cambridge lies in the riverside near The Sorrento
The Blue Spice is a three star, family friendly establishment on the riverfront.
The Rice Boat is a popular eatery and is situated next to the Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
There is an Italian restaurant Fitzbillies in the cheap price range located near The Six Bells.
The Golden Curry offers an English venue. It has a high customer rating and is child friendly.
Alimentum is a low priced restaurant, located near the Yippee Noodle Bar.
There's an expensive Chinese restaurant called The Dumpling Tree.
The Twenty Two does child friendly Japanese food.
Here is a English restaurant with a high rating called The Cambridge Blue.
The Twenty Two is a family friendly restaurant located in riverside, near The Rice Boat.  Though the customer rating is average, a meal can be enjoyed for less than 20 pounds.
The Cambridge Blue is expensive fast food pub near Café Brazil.
Fitzbillies is an Indian coffee shop with a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is located in the city centre, has a high price range, and is child friendly.
The Phoenix, in the center of the city, serves English food with a price range of more than L30. The customer rating is high.
There is a child friendly Japanese restaurant called Cotto which is near the Ranch. It has an average customer rating of 3 out of 5
Browns Cambridge offers family-friendly Italian food.  It is in city centre near The Sorrento.
Loch Fyne is a Japanese restaurant near The Rice Boat in the riverside area, which has a very low customer rating.
The Mill is a pub which serves English food for less than £20 in the city centre
Strada is a French restaurant with a 1-star rating, near Rainbow Vegetarian Café. its pricey and family friendly.
Giraffe is a family friendly Japanese pub. Giraffe is located in the riverside area.
Boasting a 5 out of 5 customer rating, The Phoenix is a French restaurant located in the city centre.
in riverside The Olive Grove is a pub that serves fast food between £20-£25 that is also kids friendly.
The Cricketers, an adult Italian coffee shop near The Portland Arms, is rated 5 out of 5 by customers.
The Twenty Two is a fast food restaurant in the riverside area.  It is family friendly.
Strada is a breakfast venue offering traditional British fares at a hefty cost. It is near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
Browns Cambridge is an expensive dine-in restaurant that has poor reviews.
With an average customer Rating and a high price Range, The Vaults near Café Adriatic is a pub.
The Golden Curry Japanese restaurant has been given a top customer rating. It is located in the city centre close to Café Rouge. It is not suitable for families with children.
In the city centre area near the Yippee Noodle Bar, is Alimentum. A place where they serve Chinese food in the price range of £20-25 and has a high customer rating.
Fitzbillies close to Rainbow Vegetarian Café have less price range than £20.
The Wrestlers, sited near Raja Indian Cuisine, Luton, is a family-friendly coffee shop serving Italian food at mid-range prices.
Green Man is  high-priced and child friendly, located next to the riverside.
Giraffe is English pub in riverside area. Not family friendly.
The Golden Curry is an Indian food restaurant  that  is kid  friendly.  It has been rated a 1 out 5
Fitzbillies is a place with a price range less than £20, located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
Loch Fyne is is a family friendly Japanese restaurant with reasonable prices.
There is a cheap pub restaurant Wildwood that serves Chinese food.
Green Man, near All Bar One in city centre, offers moderate-priced Italian food in a non kid friendly atmosphere.
Alimentum is a kids friendly fast food place in Riverside. The price is £20-25.
Zizzi is a pub that serves French food. It has received high reviews, is family friendly, and is located in the city centre.
Located in Riverside, Alimentum is a child friendly and averagely priced Japanese restaurant.
Near Café Rouge is a restaurant called Wildwood which has an average customer rating.
Moderately priced and kid friendly is The Punter in Riverside, near The Portland Arms.
There is a family friendly restaurant that is high priced called Green Man nearby is a place called All Bar One.
A cheap, family friendly place to eat. Blue Spice can be found in riverside. It has an excellent customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Near All Bar One in the city centre, Green Man serves Indian food in the low price range in an family-friendly environment.
There is a three star, family friendly, high cost restaurant called The Wrestlers.
Clowns is a pub located in the city centre with an excellent customer rating. The price range is more than 30 GBP.
The Eagle is a coffee shop that offers Indian food that is located near Burger King in the riverside area. The price range is more than 30 euro's and is kid friendly.
The Waterman is a family friendly Italian restaurant near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
There is a restaurant called The Rice Boat providing Indian food located in the riverside near Express by Holiday Inn with high customer rating and it's price range is more than £30 and also it is children friendly.
The Wrestlers coffee shop and family restaurant that provides wine and spirits and picnic food items is inexpensive and close to Raja Indian Cuisine.
There is a child friendly coffee shop located in Riverside called Zizzi. It is on the higher end of the price scale however customers rate it highly.
The Mill is a pub located in the centre of the city that sells Indian food at an affordable price.
The Dumpling Tree is a restaurant in the city centre that serves expensive English food.
Fast food near the Express by Holiday Inn area of city centre would be The Rice Boat. Not family-friendly. 5 out of 5 customer rating.
The Waterman offers English food. It has high customer ratings and prices. It is family-friendly
Alimentum, a Japanese restaurant near Yippee Noodle Bar in the city centre is rated a 5 out of 5 for its cheap prices.
The Cambridge Blue is a pub with English food near Café Brazil that serves food for less than 20 pounds
Fitzbillies in the city centre is a fast food coffee shop with cheap prices. The customer rating is average and they are family-friendly.
The Vaults is a low priced restaurant that is great for families.
In riverside, The Olive Grove pub is kid friendly and in the high price range.
The Phoenix is a moderately priced Italian restaurant with a high customer rating in city centre.
The Golden Palace, a coffee shop which serves Indian food, has a moderate price range, a three out of five customer rating, and a convenient location in the city centre.
With a price range of more than £30 and a low customer rating, Strada is not kid friendly.
The Browns Cambridge in the riverside area offers family friendly French cuisine close to The Sorrento
Browns Cambridge has Chinese food.  It's near The Sorrento on the riverside and it's family friendly.
Near The Portland Arms, there is a pub called The Dumpling Tree, that serves fast food and is not family-friendly.
Near the Express by Holiday Inn is a moderately priced, kid friendly Fast food restaurant name The Rice Boat. It rates 3 out of 5 with customers and is in the riverside area.
There is an above average customer rating restaurant Loch Fyne and they serve English food. They are in riverside near The Rice Boat.
There is a pub named The Olive Grove who servers Japanese food, on the riverside. its price range is moderated and it is kids-friendly.
The Dumpling Tree is a fast food restaurant, with low prices.
Located near The Sorrento in riverside there is a family friendly Indian restaurant named Browns Cambridge.
Located in riverside The Olive Grove  is a cheep family friendly pub.
The Twenty Two is a family friendly Chinese restaurant located in city centre.
Alimentum is serving English food near riverside that is kid friendly.
A no children policy pub Aromi with a 1 star rating sat next to the river.
The Golden Curry is an Italian non-family-friendly restaurant located in the riverside near Café Rouge. It has low customer rating.
Yes, there is a family friendly place name Cotto near Ranch that serves Japanese food, but has a customer rating of average.
If you are looking for a mid level budget pub at the riverside you should try The Olive Grove
There is cheap pub near Café Brazil. It serves French food and is called The Cambridge Blue.
Aromi serves pub food and has a low customer rating. It is located riverside and is child-friendly.
The Punter is a winery.
The Wrestlers has a moderate price range and a customer rating of 3 out of 5. They service Italian food and are not child friendly.
Customers have rated the family-friendly Fitzbillies coffee shop as low. The place is situated at the riverside. It serves Italian food in low prices.
The Japanese pub, The Dumpling Tree is situated near The Portland Arms. It is kids friendly.
The high priced English pub by the riverside is called The Olive Grove.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that offers Italian food in the high price range, is children-friendly and has an average customer rating.
Cheap and family-friendly, Cocum is a Japanese coffee shop that has been rated average by customers.
The Waterman is a English restaurant, which is not kid friendly, that is located near city centre and the price range is around £20-25.
Fitzbillies coffee shop, in riverside, offers high priced fast food with a rating of 1 out of 5. It is not child friendly.
On the river near The Rice Boat, there is a one star restaurant called Loch Fyne.
The Rice Boat is an average priced and rated restaurant. They are family friendly and located near Express by Holiday Inn.
sausage eggs and beans at the family friendly Strada up the road from the Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
There is a one star sushi store called The Eagle.
Clowns has a moderate price range, kids friendly and near Café Sicilia.
Near The Rice Boat in the centre of the city is The Twenty Two.  family-friendly with prices less than £20,  it has low customer ratings.
Strada is a Japanese pub, which is located near Yippee Noodle Bar. However, it has low customer rating.
Bibimbap House in the city centre, near Clare Hall, is fast food with a less than £20 price range.
There is a restaurant located at the riverside area called Zizzi, where you can eat at moderate prices.
The Golden Curry is providing English breakfast and it is friendly for family. It is located in the city centre near to Café Rouge. The customer rating is 3 out of 5.
Next to the river you can find a nice family friendly fast food restaurant which name is The Waterman. The prices are mid-level.
The Green Man, located in the city centre near All Bar One, offers fast food in moderate prices. It is not a children friendly place.
Located in riverside, The Twenty Two is kid friendly and serves Japanese food.
The Golden Palace's coffee shop is located north of the city center with a view of the river. Although the coffee shop's sushi is very expensive, it's barely worth the price.
There is a coffee shop called Fitzbillies providing Indian food located in the riverside area with low customer rating and it's price range is less than £20 and also it is family friendly.
Strada a low price Located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café serving Italian Food no family-friendly with average customer rating
The Wrestlers is a family friendly place that serves fast food.  It has a low customer rating and prices less than 20 pounds.
The Wrestlers provides moderately priced and rated Chinese food in a kids friendly atmosphere.
Clowns is a pub on riverside with moderate prices. Customers rate it 3 out of 5.
Fitzbillies coffee shop that is Fast food and has a price range that is less than £20 in the city centre its family-friendly and low customer rating
With a high customer rating The Waterman pub serves Japanese food and is in the riverside area.
Browns Cambridge is a wine and cheese shop located outside of the City center. next to The Sorrento and is not family friendly.
If you're looking for inexpensive coffee close to the river, check out The Golden Palace.
Customers rated The Golden Palace highly for its Japanese food. It is a coffee shop located in the riverside, average prices 20-25 pounds per person.
Italian restaurant Aromi is located in Luton.
Strada is a place which serves Italian food located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café is not children friendly, but has a price range of more than 30 and a high customer rating
Cocum is a highly rated pub. Price range is £20-25 and kids are welcome.
A family friendly restaurant that serves Italian food is Loch Fyne.
The Punter offers a traditional British menu at affordable prices.
A restaurant is called Giraffe has a high price range and found near The Six Bells.
The Italian restaurant The Twenty Two is incredibly family friendly.
The Waterman serves Chinese food near the Crowne Plaza Hotel and is very kid friendly.
Fitzbillies is a  kid friendly coffee shop around Riverside offering Indian food with low rating and high prices.
The Punter is a highly rated coffee shop that serves fast food near Café Sicilia. For a moderate price, you can enjoy a meal with your entire family.
The Cambridge Blue is an Indian pub nearby Café Brazil with a price range of £20-25.
The Golden Palace restaurant is located in the City Centre
There is a pub called The Cambridge Blue near the Café Brazil that serves  English food for £32.
The coffee shop, Taste of Cambridge is fast food and kid friendly near Crown Plaza Hotel in the area of riverside.
A child friendly French restaurant called The Golden Curry, has a 5 out of 5 rating, and is located near Café Rouge in the riverside area.
Strada is a pub serving Chinese food near Yippee Noodle Bar and is rated 5 out of 5.
The Twenty Two serves Chinese food in the city centre area. It is not family friendly
The Vaults is a 1 out of 5 high priced pub. But what pub has a high rating right, we're located near the Café Adriatic.
Blue Spice is a children friendly restaurant by the riverside with a high price range and a 1 out of 5 rating.
Rated 5 out of 5, The Waterman is a pub with Indian food.
The Punter is a high priced French Café with a customer rating 3 out of 5 and is located near Café Sicilia.
There is a 3 out of 5 star rated coffee shop in the 20-25£ price range named The Vaults, near Café Brazil and in the city centre.
Offering Indian food, The Twenty Two restaurant is Kids Friendly
The Eagle is a coffee shop and is expensive price ranged. It is located close to Burger King.
For fast food in a price range of £20-25, try The Mill.  It is a coffee shop near The Sorrento in the riverside area.
The Punter provides Chinese food in the more than £30 price range.
There is a child friendly coffee shop named Fitzbillies with  a 5 out of 5 rating from its customers. You can have a Japanese meal riverside with prices of more than 30 pounds.
The Plough is Fast food and kid friendly. There prices are moderate. It is a pub located near Café Rouge.
The Rice Boat is a Japanese restaurant that is kids-Friendly. They are located in the city centre near the Express by Holiday Inn. The price range is £20-25. They have a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Eagle provides a 5 out of five rating on Indian food, but the rest of their food is sub par.
There is an expensive restaurant called Travellers Rest Beefeater located near the river and Café Adriatic.
The Cambridge Blue, a fast food restaurant, has low customer ratings.
For less than 20 pounds we can go to Browns Cambridge. They serve Indian food but the customer rating is low.
Browns Cambridge is an Indian coffee shop that does not serve families. It is rated 5 out of 5 and is located near the Crowne Plaza Hotel in Riverside.
The Golden Curry offers an Italian menu in a family-friendly riverside setting near Café Rouge. It received an average rating from customers.
A great and affordable all-American eatery would be Alimentum. It is located in City Centre next to Yippee Noodle Bar.
At the riverside there is a Japanese pub where the price range is between £20 and £25. It is called The Mill.
Cocum is a family friendly pub with an average customer rating and is a cheap place to dine.
The Waterman is located along the riverside and serves high-priced wine and hors d'oeuvres in a three-star, family friendly environment.
With a high price Range, The Mill is a Fast food pub by the riverside.
The moderately priced Italian restaurant The Green Man is not child friendly and is located in the city centre near All Bar One
The Waterman is located near City centre, they are family friendly and expensive.
Near Ranch the coffee shop, is a normal priced Japanese restaurant called Wildwood with high customer ratings.
There is a more than £30 price range Indian restaurant, called The Vaults which is children friendly.
The Eagle is a kid friendly coffee shop in the city centre area near Burger King.  They serve Indian food at a moderate price range with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Near The Portland Arms is a children friendly Indian coffee shop called The Cricketers, ratings of 1 out of 5.
Alimentum provides Chinese food in the high price range. It is located in the city centre.
The Waterman is a restaurant that serves Chinese food, its has moderate price and ratings a 3 out of 5. its located on the riverside. it is no t  recommended to bring your children
Fitzbillies is a low-price, low quality coffee shop located near the river. Families are not welcome.
The Olive Grove is a cheap, family friendly pub near the river.
The Strada is family-friendly Chinese restaurant located near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café. The pricing is cheap and the customer rating is average.
Zizzi is a pub that serves Japanese food. It's not family-friendly but has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Cricketers is not family-friendly. They have customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is a coffee shop that serves French food. They are located neat The Portland Arms.
Located by the Burger King, The Eagle coffee Shop offers low priced Indian Food.
Clowns is a Fast food coffee shop in the riverside area near Clare Hall with an average rating.
The Olive Grove features a low cost and family friendly environment.
In riverside near the Crowne Plaza Hotel, there is a venue called Taste of Cambridge. It is a French coffee shop that is family friendly.
the Clowns coffee shop near Clare Hall is also a restaurant
Italian Adult only coffee shop The Eagle is located near Burger King in city centre.
A restaurant named Taste of Cambridge has a high price range and an average customer rating.
Located in the city centre near Express by Holiday Inn, moderately rated and not kid friendly, The Rice Boat, serves moderately priced fast food.
The Phoenix provides Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Japanese food in the centre of the city is hard to find. Alimentum is just what you're looking for. The ratings are low and the price range is more than 30. It located near Yippee Noodle Bar.
The Rice Boat is the restaurant that sells Chinese food with a customer rating of 5 out of 5. The area is city centre and it is not family friendly.
Bring all the family for a coffee at Zizzis. Not too cheap, not too expensive.  3 star rating
The Waterman provides Chinese food in the high price range. It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Located near the Ranch, Wildwood coffee shop serves Italian food at higher prices than average, but lower ratings.
If you're looking for a kid friendly pub with an average customer rating, try The Cricketers, located near Ranch.
The Waterman, in the city centre, is not kid friendly, but it has a high customer rating.  It offers Italian food at the £20-25 price range.
The Waterman is a good, pricey English restaurant located in the city centre. It is child friendly.
The Golden Curry is a family friendly one star Japanese restaurant near the Café Rouge in the riverside area.
The Eagle is a coffee shop near Burger King by Riverside area that provides French food. its price is more than £30 with a low customer rating and is children friendly
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop providing Indian food in the more than £30 price range. It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is high.
In Riverside, near The Sorrento is a cheap, Italian coffee shop called The Mill.
At the  riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine is The Wrestlers coffee shop that has  Fast food less than £20 and is not family-friendly.
The Twenty Two is a children friendly place located near The Rice Boat that has high price Range and good customer rating.
Near  Browns Cambridge is The Sorrento a kids friendly English food restaurant.
The Eagle is a restaurant providing take-away deliveries in the low price range. It is located in near Burger King.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly fast food restaurant  with a price range of less than £20 and has a low customer rating.
The Cocum is an expensive family friendly coffee shop. It is a five star establishment.
Aromi is a restaurant set by the riverside offering French cuisine.
Strada is a family-friendly restaurant located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
Fitzbillies has a £20-25 price range and is located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
The Punter is a very affordable family-friendly coffee shop near Café Sicilia that has a low rating.
The Eagle is a family-friendly coffee shop serving French cuisine for a budget price. It is located in the city centre near to The Burger King
Near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre, the Browns Cambridge is an average, family-friendly Japanese coffee shop.
Clowns is a coffee shop that serves Japanese food. it has a low customer rating and is located in riverside near Clare Hall.
Aromi is  coffee shop serving Indian food. The customer rating of the establishment located in the city centre is 5 out of 5 however it is not family friendly.
A one star, low priced restaurant, Strada, is located near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café.  This restaurant is ideal for adults.  Families with children are not permitted.
Fitzbillies has a price range £20-25, near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
The Loch Fyne restaurant is suitable for families with children.
A Fast food coffee shop called The Cricketers is located near The Portland Arms that disallows minors and has a 3 star rating.
Fitzbillies has a less than £20 price range and is near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
£20-25 kid friendly fast food can be found at Loch Fyne restaurant
Aromi is a family friendly but low-rated coffee shop that serves Indian food near the riverside .
Zizzi  children friendly Japanese pub low rating
Zizzi is a highly rated Japanese pub. It is kids friendly.
The Eagle is a children-friendly Fast food restaurant with a high customer rating. It is located in Riverside, near the Burger King. The price range is more than £30.
Strada has an average customer rating and is offering highly priced English food in a family friendly environment close to the Rainbow Vegetarian Café
On the riverside, The Phoenix is a Chinese restaurant with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Cocum is a moderately priced Indian coffee shop that is family friendly and has a 3 of 5 customer rating.
The Twenty Two is an Italian riverside restaurant that is friendly with kids.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Indian food in the moderate price range. The customer rating is 3 out of 5 located in the city centre and is kid friendly.
Loch Fyne restaurant, British food, no kids.
Cotto, near Ranch,  high customer rating and kid friendly, serving English food.
Blue Spice located in city centre serves Italian food. It has moderate price ranges.
Serving English food in the centre of the city, The Rice Boat is family-friendly with and average consumer rating.
A kids friendly pub in the riverside area with a moderate price range is The Olive Grove which serves Italian food.
There is a restaurant, price range averaging less than 20 pounds, located by the riverside. It is named Alimentum, and is family friendly.
Aromi is a family friendly pub in Riverside with a low customer rating.
The Cambridge Blue is a pub serving French food near Café Brazil.  Price range is moderate.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop located near The Crowne Plaza Hotel, Riverside, which serves Italian food, and is child friendly.
Wildwood is a moderately priced restaurant offering pub style fast food.  Customers have given it a rating of 3 out of 5.
With a customer rating of 1 out of 5, The Phoenix serves high price range Italian food in the riverside.
Alimentum is a Chinese restaurant in the riverside area near the Yippee Noodle Bar.  price range is moderate with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
There is a coffee shop that serves Italian food located near Burger King in the city centre area called The Eagle.  While it is children friendly it ranges in price for more than £30 and high customer ratings.
Wildwood is a low-rated coffee shop near Ranch. You can find Indian food in a price range of less than £20.
Blue Spice serves Italian food that is priced low in the city center.
Clowns is a five star coffee shop located near Clare Hall
Cotto is a children-friendly Italian restaurant located near Ranch.  The customer rating is average.
The Vaults has Italian food at a price range of less than 20 Euros. It is also family friendly.
Green Man is located by the riverside, near All Bar One, and serves Italian food for prices greater than £30. It is children friendly.
The Blue Spice  in riverside has an average customer rating. its priced less than £20, and is family friendly.
Giraffe It is a pub, located in the city center.
The Waterman is an Indian Pub in the city centre area with an average customer rating.
The Green Man serves Japanese food in the riverside area near to All Bar One. Prices are low and it is family friendly.
For low priced English food there is The Punter.
In the city centre near The Portland Arms, there is a high rated coffee shop that serves Indian food called Cotto. Its price range is more than £30.
Midsummer House is a restaurant near All Bar One with high customer rating and provides Indian food in the high price range.
A really inexpensive pub near Café Rouge is The Plough. It isn't family-friendly but it is cheap.
The Waterman is a pub which serves Indian food.  It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 and is located by the riverside.
The Cambridge Blue is an average priced Indian pub nearby Café Brazil.
Near Crowne Plaza Hotel, there is an establishment that serves Italian food. It is child friendly and is called The Waterman.
Wildwood is a Chinese pub with a price range from twenty to twenty-five dollars. Customers rate it high.
There is a fast food place that is rated at a 4.5 out of 5 as well as being children friendly, it's named Cotto and it's near the Ranch.
The Rice Boat by the riverside is not family-friendly but has an average rating and serves Japanese food.
The Rice Boat is located by the riverside near the Express by Holiday Inn.  Their price range is moderate but has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and they are child friendly.
Cotto, a coffee shop  in the Riverside area near The Portland Arms, is priced under £20, and has a low customer rating.
The Olive Grove is a pub that serves Indian food for less than £20 in the Riverside area. It is not family friendly.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is a moderately priced Café near Café Adriatic by riverside. Customer rating 3 out of 5.
Loch Fyne is a restaurant providing average customer ratings, It is located on the riverside near The Rice Boat.
There is a Chinese called The Vaults which is only suitable for adults and is in the higher prince range.
The Eagle is a children-friendly coffee shop, it is located near Burger King in the city centre that also serves Japanese food with a price range for more than £30 with a rating of 5 out of 5.
Alimentum serves Japanese food at an average price in the city centre. It is not child friendly.
The Wrestlers is a cheap family friendly sushi restaurant
There is a French restaurant Blue Spice in city centre with moderate prices.
The Waterman public house is in the city centre and has been rated 5 out of 5 by its customers.
Adjacent to Glisson Road is The Golden Curry, a cheap eatery that offers quickly prepared pasta and curry dishes.
Drop by The Cricketers to enjoy some high quality Japanese cuisine. Located near The Portland Arms, it has a laid back coffee shop feel, and is family friendly.
The Rice Boat is family friendly place that serves low rated cheap Japanese food. It is located in riverside area near Express by Holiday Inn.
Strada is a family friendly restaurant close to the Rainbow Vegetarian Café that provides fast foods for a cheap price.
The Waterman provides fast food in the city centre area. It has a high price range and an average customer rating. It is not children friendly.
A poor coffee shop serving fast food in riverside is 'Clowns', near 'Clare Hall'.
Rated 1 out of 5, The Phoenix is moderately priced and serves fast food in the city centre.
Blue Spice is located in the riverside area. It offers Italian food in the price range of 20-25 English sterling.
The Cambridge Blue is a sushi food pub for dinner, it's close to Café Brazil and is a mid-price place.
While being Affordable ,The Rice Boat is a family friendly Indian restaurant with low customer ratings. It will be found near the Express by Holiday Inn on the riverside.
The Waterman Chinese food is priced in the moderate range, has a poor customer rating of 1 out of 5, located in the riverside, and it is kid friendly.
There is a Fast food place The Wrestlers that is children friendly with a customer rating of 1 out of 5
Aromi is a Japanese coffee shop that has excellent customer ratings. It is located in riverside and is not friendly to families.
The Golden Curry provides Indian food Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a high priced English restaurant near The Six Bells.
Near The Sorrento in the riverside area, you will find The Mill, a Japanese coffee shop with price ranges greater than £30.
The Wrestlers, an establishment serving Indian food that is moderately priced, and received a 1 out of 5 customer rating, however, be advised that it is not kids friendly.
Zizzi is a family friendly  pub that provides a variety of wines and cheese.
You can find the restaurant Strada next to Rainbow Vegetarian Café. This restaurant serves Japanese food and has a price range of more than  £30. Strada gets a 5 out of 5 rating from its customers and is child friendly.
1 star customer rated pub, The Cricketers, is located near Ranch and is family friendly.
Cocum is a coffee shop. It offers Italian food and has moderate pricing. The customer rating is 1 out of 5 and it is not kid friendly.
In the city centre is a child friendly coffee shop named Fitzbillies.  It serves mid priced Japanese food that is rated 3 out of 5.
The Eagle, a French, affordable coffee shop in the city centre near Burger King. It is family-friendly with excellent customer service.
The Rice Boat is a moderately priced, family friendly British cuisine restaurant, located outside of the city centre, near Express by Holiday Inn.
The Cotto is a Italian coffee shop in the riverside area near The Portland Arms.  It has a price range more than£30 and the customer rating is high.
The Rice Boat serves Indian food at cheap prices.  They are customer rated 5 out of 5.  This family friendly place is conveniently located at the city center near Express by Holiday Inn.
Family friendly, The Wrestlers coffee shop which is on the pricey side, located near the river and Raja Indian Cuisine.
Browns Cambridge offers cheap Indian food with an average customer rating.
There is an Italian restaurant called The Dumpling Tree that costs more than 30 Euros.
The Cambridge Blue is a restaurant that provides Indian food Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Cocum is a coffee shop providing Indian food in the less than £20 price range. Its customer rating is low.
Located near Clare Hall, Bibimbap House is expensive and serves English Breakfasts
If you are looking for a children friendly coffee shop or Japanese food place, then try The Cricketers. It is located near to The Portland Arms and has a low customer rating.
In the city centre, there is a high priced Japanese food restaurant called Blue Spice.
There is a coffee shop that is children friendly in riverside. The name is Browns Cambridge. Their customer rating is high and they serve Italian food. They are near the Crowne Plaza Hotel.
The Waterman is a cheap Indian restaurant located at the riverside.  It's family friendly and rated 5 out of 5.
If you are looking for a children Friendly, Fast food restaurant in the riverside area.  Try The Waterman,  it has a high customer Rating and is in the more than £30 price Range.
For some 5 star eating try Strada, family friendly and located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
The Twenty Two serves Chinese foods and is kid friendly.
Near Avalon at the riverside is a coffee shop called Blue Spice. It is children friendly and the price range is more than £30. It is rated 5 out of 5.
Giraffe is our new family friendly coffee shop. Located near The Bakers with an average customer rating and prices less than 20, this is sure to be a favorite.
The Cambridge Blue is a restaurant providing Japanese food in the High price range. It is located in the city south.
The Waterman in the city centre serves French food with 5 out of 5 and is child friendly and is more than £30
The Vaults is a French food style restaurant.
Browns Cambridge is a kids friendly Chinese restaurant in the riverside area near The Sorrento.
There is a moderately priced, kid friendly, English restaurant named Alimentum in riverside.
Green Man is a French, affordable cuisine that is adult friendly, near All Bar One.
Located near the riverside is The Golden Curry. A kid-friendly restaurant with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
A Fast food pub near Yippee Noodle Bar is Strada. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Eagle has a high customer rating with a price range of more than 30, located near riverside.
Giraffe is a moderate price restaurant, near The Six Bells.
The Plough, a pub, serves Indian food at cheap prices in a family friendly place near Café Rouge.
Wildwood is a nice pub that serves Italian food
There is a Chinese restaurant located near Café Rouge.  It is called The Golden Curry and is child friendly.  It gets average ratings.
Located near The Bakers, The Giraffe coffee shop offers dining for more than £30 and is rated 5 out of 5 by customers.
The Eagle is a coffee shop with Indian food. It is near Burger King in riverside.
Indian restaurant, Browns Cambridge, serves meals from £20-25. Their customer rating is high.
The Wrestlers has Chinese food in the price range of over 30 with a high customer rating and is not children friendly.
There is a cheap restaurant called Alimentum, near the riverside and the Yippee Noodle Bar. It's average and serves English food.
Located in the riverside area near Café Sicilia The Dumpling Tree is a family friendly coffee shop with moderate prices
Midsummer House sell good sushi at an affordable price, it is located near All Bar One.
The Vaults in located near Café Adriatic and is an average rated moderate priced pub fare restaurant.
The Phoenix, a Chinese restaurant in riverside has a high customer rating.  They have prices higher than 30 pounds.
The Rice Boat provides Chinese food It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
The Phoenix got drinks and ordered. Good was prompt and delicious
The family friendly Japanese riverside restaurant called The Waterman is average and less than £20.
Located in the outskirts of the city centre, Fitzbillies is a family-friendly coffee shop. Fitzbillies has a high-cost and is rated at five out of five stars.
The Twenty Two is a kid friendly Chinese restaurant in riverside.
There is a restaurant,  Taste of Cambridge that is high rice range with customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Strada is a pub serving English food  and is near Yippee Noodle Bar and there customer rating  is average
At the riverside location of The Waterman, the kids are not friendly, the price range is moderate , and the customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Midsummer House offers a night of wine and great food. 3 star rating. Located near the All Bar One.
Loch Fyne is a restaurant that is fast food and kids friendly.
Aromi is a restaurant that serves Italian food by the riverside.
The Vaults, near Café Brazil in riverside, is an expensive coffee shop with high customer ratings.
The Cocum coffee shop is a great place for the family with excellent value for money.
Wildwood is a coffee shop serving Japanese food near Ranch with a high price range and a low customer rating.
Browns Cambridge located in the riverside area near The Sorrento, serves Italian food and is not family-friendly.
The Mill is an affordable coffee shop with fine eatery located in City Centre near The Sorrento.
Browns Cambridge serves English food in the average price range. Customers highly rate it.
There is a high end restaurant in riverside area called The Waterman. It is a kid friendly restaurant serving English food. Customer rating is average.
A high price range restaurant Green Man serves Indian food in the riverside area. The restaurant is near All Bar One and is not child friendly.
At the edge of the city close to the All Bar One restaurant is a cheap sushi restaurant called Green Man
Cotto is a coffee shop that serves wine and cheese, at a high price. It can be found near The Portland Arms, and has a rating of five stars.
Zizzi is a coffee shop style restaurant, which is kid friendly, and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.  The price range is on the high side and located near city centre.
Near the riverside area there is a children-friendly Italian restaurant named The Twenty Two.
The Rice Boat, located near the Express by Holiday Inn in the riverside are, serves English food, is family friendly but has a high price range and a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Cambridge Blue is a moderate-priced Japanese pub located near Café Brazil.
Located near Yippee Noodle Bar in the city centre, Alimentum is a moderately priced French restaurant with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Blue Spice is a non-kids friendly coffee shop with a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is located on the riverside near Avalon.
Strada is a one star ,low-priced, family friendly sushi restaurant near Rainbow Vegetarian Café
The Green Man is a cheap riverside bar. It's not family friendly. Near All Bar One.
Strada is a mid ranged Japanese eatery which is not family friendly and has low customer ratings. It is located near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
The Waterman is a five star moderately priced family friendly restaurant that serves wine and cheese.
Midsummer House is near All Bar One. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is a Japanese restaurant that has a moderate price range.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Japanese in the less than 20 pound price range. It is located riverside people rating average family friendly yes
Near Café Rouge is a Japanese,  family friendly place called The Golden Curry.  It is riverside and has high customer ratings.
The Loch Fyne is a Fast food place with a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is located in the riverside area near to The Rice Boat.
A French coffee shop by the river is called Clowns. It is well liked and close to Clare Hall.
The Giraffe is a pub located in Riverside. They are kid-friendly and they serve fast food.
English cuisine is served at The Phoenix in riverside.  The have an average customer rating.
The Golden Curry is an Italian eatery with an average customer and are not family-friendly.
Japanese Pub The Mill serves great dishes for less than £20
The Dumpling Tree is a Japanese restaurant with is priced at £20-25.
Located in the riverside area is a coffee shop serving French food. It is called The Golden Palace, it rates 3 out of 5 and is in the £20-25 price range.
The Golden Curry is very close of Café Rouge, brings you English food and is located in the riverside
The Waterman in the city centre  serves Fast food and has a price range of more than £30. It is children-friendly and has a high customer rating.
Blue Spice is a cheaply priced restaurant  that serves Indian food. It is located by the riverside.
The Phoenix is a 5-star, low-cost, British restaurant near the river.
An Indian food restaurant near the city centre is The Waterman. It is a pub with a low customer rating.
The Rice Boat provides family friendly Fast food at the riverside. This venue has been rated average by customers.
The Wrestlers provides Indian food in the cheap price range. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
The Waterman is a family-friendly English restaurant near the Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Highly priced Italian coffee Shop, The Punter, sits near Café Sicilia. Not considered child friendly, it receives an average customer rating.
There is a restaurant near the Express by Holiday Inn, it is called The Rice Boat and is family-friendly.
The Golden Curry is a restaurant serving child friendly fast food in the high price range and is near The Bakers.
A cheap restaurant, The Rice Boat, located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café, has a high customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Try Loch Fyne Italian restaurant and bring the kids.
The Cricketers is a highly rated, adult friendly coffee shop near The Portland Arms that serves Indian food.
The Phoenix in the riverside area offers cheap, average English food.
Cocum is a cheap, family friendly, fast food and coffee shop with low customer ratings.
Green Man is a moderately priced Italian restaurant in the city centre, near to All Bar One. It is kid friendly.
The Dumpling Tree is an Indian pub near The Portland Arms that is nor family friendly.
There is a cheap Italian restaurant.  It is named The Dumpling Tree.
The Golden Curry is a Chinese food restaurant. It has a three out of five customer rating and is kid friendly.
Zizzi is a high priced coffee shop located on the outskirts of the city.
The Rice Boat serves Chinese with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 in riverside and is children friendly.
A pub by the name of Green Man is located in the city centre near Café Rouge and provides Indian food to guests.
Near All Bar One is a highly priced fast food restaurant, named Midsummer House, that has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge is a riverside coffee shop serving Indian food. It is near the Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is family friendly but has an average customer rating.
If you are looking for a high quality, family-friendly dining experience in the heart of city centre, The Eagle is for you. This coffee shop i near Burger King and serves fast-food like it's gourmet.
There is a children friendly Italian restaurant, The Twenty Two, by the riverside.
Near Café Sicilia, there is a pub named The Twenty Two. It has a rating of 3 out of 5, and it's located on the riverside.
In the city centre, The Waterman serves Indian food in the high price range and has an average rating.  Prices are high and it is not child-friendly.
In the city centre is a family-friendly restaurant The Rice Boat.  They serve Italian food with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Cotto is a high-priced coffee shop serving Indian food in the riverside area near The Portland Arms. They received a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Riverside views and affordable Japanese dishes are served at Alimentum.
The Wrestlers is a high-priced coffee shop that serves wines and cheeses. It is family friendly and is located in the City centre and is near by Raja Indian Cuisine.
Fitzbillies, a Japanese coffee shop, is moderately priced in the city centre with a rating 1 out of 5.  It is not kid friendly.
There is a moderate price ranged pub located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café in the city centre called The Golden Palace.
Blue Spice prices range from 20-25 pounds and is located in Riverside. They have 3 of 5 stars and are not considered kid friendly.
Aromi is a family-friendly pub in the city centre with an average customer rating.
There is a low rated, non family-friendly French food restaurant called The Golden Curry.
There is a lowly rated place that serves English food for less than £20. It is called Browns Cambridge.
Cotto a Chinese restaurant near Ranch has a rating of 1 out of 5 and is child friendly
A kids friendly 3 out of 5 Chinese restaurant is The Golden Curry.
A child-friendly pub called The Olive Grove can be found in the riverside area. This pub is slightly more expensive than average.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is a restaurant that is not family-friendly but has a price of less than 20 pounds.
Cotto is located at the city centre, near All Bar One. The price range is more than £30.
The Golden Palace is a pub in the average price range. It can be found in the riverside area near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
The Golden Curry offers Indian food, with a Rating of 5 out of 5 located in the riverside area. It is family Friendly, located near Café Rouge.
In the city centre close to Burger King is a French coffee shop called The Eagle, it is family-friendly with a low rating and prices at approximately under £20 per person
Giraffe is a family-friendly Italian pub in city centre.
Bibimbap House offers English food in a price range of £20-25 on the riverside near Clare Hall
The Eagle is by the Burger King in the riverside area. It is a child friendly, coffee shop, that has food; the price is a bit high but they have a 3 out of 5 rating.
There is a five star coffee shop Cocum that is reasonably priced and child friendly.
Wildwood is a coffee shop serving Indian food with a price range less than £20. Located near Ranch, the customer rating is low.
Midsummer House is a venue located near Café Rouge that serves Indian food. It has a low customer rating.
Alimentum in city centre, is a family-friendly Italian restaurant at a high price.
For Italian food over £30 and a great customer experience, The Rice Boat is a family friendly place situated near the Express by Holiday Inn in riverside.
IF you want English food but don't mind £30 or more The Vaults is good for you . It's children friendly and offer good food.
The Mill is an Italian pub with high priced food in riverside
Midsummer House is a 5 star restaurant located near Café Rouge.
The Cricketers coffee shop, located near The Portland Arms,  offers Indian cuisine and a children friendly atmosphere.
There is a nice casual low price establishment offering Japanese cuisine located near The Portland Arms. Look no further than Cotto a nice coffee shop with an average price range of £20-25. Customers have given it a 3 out of 5 rating.
Alimentum is a restaurant with a 1 out of 5 customer rating, and a high price range. It is located riverside by Yippee Noodle Bar and is a fast food restaurant.
Located near All Bar One in the city centre, Green Man is a child friendly Japanese restaurant with prices ranging more than £30.
The Waterman is kid friendly and moderately priced.  Indian food is served near Riverside.
Travellers Rest Beefeater near Café Adriatic in the riverside area is pretty good and not expensive.
The Plough is a restaurant near Express by Holiday Inn. It is not family-friendly.
Browns Cambridge, a French coffee shop located in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel, has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and is child friendly.
There is a high priced kid friendly fast food pub called The Plough. It is near Café Rouge.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop that serves French food. It is located on the riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is family friendly and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge is a riverside coffee shop, near the Crowne Plaza Hotel. It serves Italian food, is highly rated and child friendly.
The Punter is an Indian restaurant with cheap prices.
Bibimbap House, an Indian restaurant, can be found in Riverside near The Rice Boat.
Alimentum serves Italian food and is in the centre of the city. It is not children friendly, and expensive.
The Olive Grove is a pub along riverside that has a price range of more than £30 and is not kid-friendly.
Around the corner from All Bar One you will discover Cotto, a quaint riverside restaurant.
The child friendly coffee shop named The Dumpling Tree is located near Café Sicilia and costs more than £30.
The Rice Boat serves Indian food located near riverside. It is a family friendly establishment with a moderate price range.
There  is a Japanese coffee shop  near Burger King, The Eagle in Riverside. Their customer rating is 5 out of 5 with the price range more than £30.
Blue Spice is located in the center of the city is children friendly with a price range of more than 30 euros with a low customer rating.
Giraffe is near The Bakers and is a coffee shop. It is not children friendly.
In the city centre is The Eagle, it's cheap and is 5 out of 5.
The Olive Grove is a child friendly pub, located at riverside, that serves Indian food.
Fitzbillies is an Indian coffee shop in the high price range with a 1 out of 5 customer rating in Riverside and it is child friendly.
The Plough is a family friendly pub located by the Café Rouge that provides Japanese food.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop that offers Indian food. It receives a 3 of 5 star rating. It is a kid friendly environment in the Riverside area near the Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Outside the city centre is the family friendly coffee shop Aromi.
Serving Fast food is The Waterman pub. Located in the riverside area with a high customer rating.
Located near Raja Indian Cuisine in the Riverside area, The Wrestlers is a high priced   children friendly coffee shop serving Italian food.
The Waterman is a cheap, family friendly Indian food restaurant in the riverside area. It has received a customer rating of average.
Italian food pub Strada is located near Yippee Noodle Bar. It has a high customer rating.
Pricey yet lowly rated, the Travellers Rest Beefeater is located near Café Adriatic in the riverside district.
If you seek a family friendly pub with beautiful Japanese food and a high customer rating then come to Zizzi.
The Waterman pub, found in the riverside area, has a low rating, despite serving French-style foods.
The Olive Grove is a non-child friendly, high priced pub that serves Indian food in the riverside area.
Kid-friendly  Indian places near Rainbow Vegetarian Café are hard to find so check out Strada which is reasonably priced and has decent customer reviews.
Blue Spice, in the riverside area, offers moderately priced Indian food.
The Eagle is a coffee shop that offers Indian food in the riverside area near Burger King. It has a very low customer rating, in the moderate price range and is family friendly.
Strada is kid friendly and has a moderate price range as well as a 3 out of 5 customer rating.
Try the Strada for a child friendly restaurant. It's a little high but with a 3 out of 5 customer rating.
The Golden Curry serves French food. It has a 3 out of 5 customer rating and is family-friendly.
Taste of Cambridge is an expensive, highly rated restaurant.
Zizzi's pub comes highly recommended and is a great place to take the entire family for Italian cuisine.
For Japanese food, head to The Twenty Two, a family friendly venue.
Alimentum is a low priced family friendly sit down restaurant at the top of the city near the river.
Browns Cambridge is a Chinese venue located in the city centre. It is near The Sorrento and is not family friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a highly rated restaurant serving wine.
Located near Café Sicilia in riverside The Dumpling Tree is a cheap, family friendly, coffee shop.
Blue Spice is a riverside Chinese restaurant that costs more than 30 pounds.
Strada offers a child friendly environment with prices above 30 pounds. It has low customer ratings.
For less than £20, you can get fast food at The Dumpling Tree restaurant.
If you are looking for quality Japanese food try Cocum. An adult coffee shop with a 5 out of 5 rating and meals costing more than £30.
Chinese food company Midsummer House is variety at high prices with a rating of clients is 5 and All Bar One.
The Vaults serves Indian food in the high price range and is children friendly
The Twenty Two fast food kids-friendly.
Close to the city center is The Rice Boat and offers fast food.  High rated as 5 out of 5 but not family-friendly.
You can find cheese, wine, soup, and other dishes at The Eagle, a one-star venue.
Fitzbillies is located near The Six Bells and offers sushi at mid-price
The Rice Boat serves fast food in the riverside area.
The Vaults serves British Food. It is low priced and not family friendly.
The Punter is a family friendly coffee shop located near to Café Sicilia.
The Strada serves Indian food for £20-£25. It has a high customer rating and is kid friendly. It is near The Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
The Rice Boat near Rainbow Vegetarian Café has a rating of 5 out of 5 prices more than £30.
Strada servers fast food in the price range of more than £30.  It is located near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café and is not children friendly
Wildwood, a low customer rated pub serving Japanese food with prices less than £20.
The Golden Curry, an Indian restaurant, can be found near The Bakers. It has an affordable price range under £20.  Please note it is not a family friendly restaurant.
Green Man serves family friendly Indian food in the less than £20 price range.  It's in the riverside area near All Bar One.
The Rice Boat - a child friendly Italian restaurant situated by the riverside  unfortunately has only been scored 1 out of 5 by its customers.
In city centre, there is a restaurant called Green Man.
Alimentum is located on the riverside and serves Indian food. The price range is less than £20 and it is not family friendly.
Loch Fyne are situated in city centre, serve Italian food, have a low customer rating and are located near The Rice Boat.
The Phoenix is a Sushi restaurant located by the river and has moderate prices.
Blue Spice is a fast food restaurant in the riverside area with a moderate price range.
Zizzi is a pub providing Indian food Its customer rating is low.
The Golden Palace is a moderate priced restaurant
if you want to have a food by £20-25, you can eat Pub French that the name is The Cambridge Blue and near Café Brazil.
The Twenty Two in the city centre offers Chinese food. Please be aware that it is not family friendly.
In the city centre customers have rated an average for an cheap none family-friendly English place called The Waterman.
Fitzbillies is a highly rated, child friendly coffee shop serving Italian meals in the city centre. It is priced in the more than £30 range.
Bibimbap House located near Clare Hall offers Indian cuisine at an affordable rate.
The Waterman is a family-friendly restaurant that serve Italian food. This is located in the city centre, has a price range of less than £20 and a customer rating of low.
The Waterman is an average pub located in the riverside area that serves Japanese food.
Browns Cambridge near The Sorrento in the riverside area serves Italian food and is children friendly.
Fitzbillies is a restaurant, which is a family friendly coffee shop with a price range of less than £20.Fitzbillies provide Italian food in the riverside. Customer rating is low.
Zizzi is a pub that offers Indian cuisine for adults, that has a high rating of 5 out of 5 from its customers.
Near the Express by Holiday Inn in the city centre is The Rice Boat, which sells low-priced, highly rated French food. Rated 5 out of 5 by customers. Please be aware that it is not family-friendly.
For cheap Indian food with an average satisfaction rating try The Eagle, they are a family friendly coffee shop. They are near Burger King in the city center.
The Phoenix is located in riverside and offers Chinese cuisine within a moderate price range. This establishment earned a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
On the riverside near the Café Adriatic is the moderately-priced Travellers Rest Beefeater. It is rated 3 out 5 with customers.
There is a cheap eating establishment called Fitzbillies near to Express by Holiday Inn.  It has a 5 out of 5 customer rating, although it's not known as family-friendly.
The Plough is a family friendly Italian pub with average prices near Café Rouge.
If you are looking for a kid friendly restaurant near the Crown Plaza Hotel, The Waterman serves Japanese cuisine.
There is a coffee shop called Wildwood near Ranch that serves Japanese food. It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Alimentum is a riverside restaurant near Yippee Noodle Bar. It offers English food in the high price range and is rated 1 out of 5 by customers.
Giraffe is an Indian pub in the riverside area. It's not family friendly.
The Waterman is a pub in the riverside area with a 1 out of 5 customer rating which offers Italian food.
Browns Cambridge serves French food. It is above average cost and has a low customer rating.
There is a Chinese food place named The Phoenix in the city centre. It has a high customer rating and has a price range of 20-25 pounds.
The Phoenix, is restaurant riverside 3 out of 5
Cocum is a child friendly restaurant with low customer ratings.
Midsummer House sells moderately priced Italian Food, found near All Bar One it is customer rated 1 out of 5
The Golden Curry is a low priced restaurant, close to The Bakers. It is not suitable for families.
If you have a price range of more than £30  and have a hankering for a little coffee shop that serves English food and has no children and a high customer rating The Punter is near Café Sicilia.
The Olive Grove makes Italian food for children Friendly with high price in city centre.
The kid-friendly restaurant, Travellers Rest Beefeater, serves meals in the moderate price range.
With a low customer rating but prices below £20 you cant beat English venue Alimentum,  located riverside near Yippee Noodle Bar.
Cocum is a up market child friendly coffee shop which also serves take away food
The Green Man is a Chinese restaurant located in city centre and has a moderate price range. It's kid friendly and it's near All Bar One.
The Cricketers is an Indian coffee shop near The Portland Arms. This is a highly rated, non-family friendly establishment.
Giraffe is a pub in the city centre that serves Japanese food and is acceptable for all ages.
Green Man is a cheap restaurant near All Bar One in Riverside.
Blue Spice is a low-priced coffee shop located next to Avalon that offers family friendly services.
For less than £20, you can have Italian food at The Vaults, however it is not family-friendly.
In Riverside near to Avalon is an average rated family friendly coffee shop called Blue Spice.
The Phoenix serves cheese and wine on river.
Along the riverside near All Bar One, there is a place called Green Man that offers Italian food. It has an average price range and is kid-friendly.
If you are looking for an Italian Pub in the riverside area, try The Waterman, the customers rate it 1 out of 5.
The cheaply priced, average rated restaurant, The Rice Boat, serves Indian food, is not family friendly and is in city centre near Express by Holiday Inn.
Loch Fyne is a riverside fast food outlet near The Rice Boat.  It is highly rated by customers.
Located near Café Adriatic in the city centre, The Travellers Rest Beefeater has a low customer rating and a price range of less than £20.
Fitzbillies,  a coffee shop that's not family-friendly, whose menu items are in the less than £20 price range.  It's a fast food establishment located in the city centre area with a low customer rating.
The Golden Palace is a cheap, Italian coffee shop in the riverside area, and it has average customer ratings.
The Twenty Two is a kid friendly fast food restaurant in riverside.
The Wrestlers, located near the city centre, is a moderately priced family restaurant.
Loch Fyne is a Chinese restaurant where families are welcome and the price range is lower than average.
Near Café Adriatic, The Vaults is a cheap pub with a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
In the city centre is located The Waterman that  offers Italian food with a price range less than £20. It has low customer rating and there is no family area.
The Olive Grove is a non-family-friendly pub in the city centre with a price range less than L20.
Blue Spice is a high priced restaurant located near city center.
The Riverside area had a amazing cheap restaurant called Zizzi.
Loch Fyne near The Rice Boat  serves Fast food has a customer rating 5 out of 5 in the area of City centre.
If you're in the riverside area with kids and are looking for a Chinese restaurant with high ratings to take them to, The Waterman is a great option. You can expect a price range of £20-25.
Moderately priced fast food at Wildwood pub. Rated 1 out of 5 stars by customers.
The Rice Boat Near Express by Holiday Inn on the riverside is a cheap family friendly Fast food. It has a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
The Dumpling Tree serves British Food. It is a restaurant on the cheap side.
one of the best place for Japanese food is Strada near Rainbow Vegetarian Café price range is very cheep its provide family friendly
The Vaults is child friendly, serves fast food, with a price range of more than £30.
A Japanese restaurant that is moderately priced and located in the city near Clare Hall is Bibimbap House.
Near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area. Ia a coffee shop The Wrestlers. Child friendly Italian restaurant with a moderate price range.
The Waterman is a Chinese restaurant in the city centre. Rating 1 out of 5, price range is moderate and kids friendly.
There is a riverside coffee shop called The Mill, near The Sorrento serving Italian food for under £20.
The Phoenix is located close to the river it offers a higher end price point but rates a 1 star for quality
There is an Indian restaurant on riverside with a high customer rating The Waterman. The price range is £20-25.
There is a moderately-priced French coffee shop called The Mill located in riverside near The Sorrento.
This establishment falls into the cheap price range, but, is 5 out of 5 in its' customer rating.  This coffee shop called Fitzbillies is family-friendly and serves French cuisine in the city centre area.
In the riverside area near Rainbow Vegetarian Café there is a expensive pub called The Golden Palace.
Alimentum is an Indian  located in the city centre near the Yippee Noodle Bar.
Near Rainbow Vegetarian Café you can get cheap fast food in family friendly atmosphere at Strada.  It is Customer rated 3 out of 5.
for a cheap city centre Japanese restaurant visit The Waterman as it has been given 5 out of 5 for its services, this may have something to do with the no children policy it has at its not family friendly restaurant
The Eagle is a coffee shop with Indian food in the high price range. It is children friendly, has an average customer rating, and is located in riverside near Burger King
The Punter Italian coffee shop near Café Sicilia has a customer rating of just 1 out of 5. The positive side is it is kids-friendly and moderately priced.
The restaurant Wildwood is not family-friendly.
Zizzi is a coffee shop that is priced at £30 for a meal. This price gives a child-friendly environment and a 5 out of 5 rated meal within the riverside area.
Aromi is an average family friendly pub near the riverside
The Waterman is a Japanese style pub in riverside with a customer rating of 3 out of 5
The one star restaurant, The Rice Boat is known to be family friendly with low prices. You can find it in the city center. near Express by Holiday Inn.
Wildwood restaurant near Café Rouge received a low  customer Rating.
Zizzi is a cheap riverside coffee shop. It has a low customer rating and is not family friendly.
Crown Plaza Hotel is near a children friendly  French coffee shop in Riverside called Browns Cambridge and has a low customer rating
Wildwood is a coffee shop with Japanese food located near Ranch. The customer rating is low and their price range is more than £30.
Cheap Fast food can be found in the riverside area at Cotto. This is a coffee shop near The Portland Arms. It has a low customer rating of 1 star.
The Waterman place located down the riverside has high prices and although it is children friendly the customer rating is low.
The Vaults serves Italian and is child friendly with a moderate price range.
The Olive Grove is a pub that serves Chinese food. It is located  on the riverside. The prices are moderate and kids are not welcome.
Located by the riverside, Alimentum has a price range of less than £20 ans is not family-friendly.
The Wrestlers is the name of a family-friendly coffee shop on the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine.  It serves Japanese food for cheap prices.
Browns Cambridge is a restaurant that offers a variety of food and drinks.
A Japanese coffee shop near the city centre with an average customer rating is Fitzbillies. It's a family-friendly environment where you can eat for less than £20.
A family friendly restaurant named Strada located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café. It has low prices and a low customer rating.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop also offering Japanese food in the city centre. It is child friendly, generally costing £20-25 and customers ratings are high.
Alimentum provides Chinese food in the £20-25 price range. It is located in the riverside.
The Rice Boat is a family friendly Chinese restaurant in city centre with a low customer rating and price range less than 20 euros. It's near Express by Holiday Inn.
Cocum is a highly rated, children-friendly pub ranging in price from £20-25.
It is cheap, family friendly, a coffee shop, provides a fast-food service and has an average customer rating, it is Cocum
There is a luxury restaurant Alimentum located near the Yippee Noodle Bar.
Located in the city centre near Clare Hall, The Bibimbap House serves Indian food. They have cheaper than average prices.
In city centre near Clare Hall is a Japanese coffee shop called Clowns. It has an average customer rating.
The Rice Boat provides Chinese food in the more than £30 price range. It is located in the city centre. It is near Express by Holiday Inn. Its customer rating is high.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Indian food in the high price range. It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Loch Fyne is a family-friendly Italian restaurant with a price range less than £20
Near Rainbow Vegetarian Café in Riverside is a pub called The Golden Palace with a price range of 20-25 dollars.
The Phoenix at riverside serves French food and has a customer rating of 3.
The is a restaurant located near The Sorrento called Browns Cambridge but it's not family friendly.
Located inside of Café Rouge , The Plough is a family friendly pub that servers sushi at a modest price.
A child-friendly Café known as Cocum serves French cuisine. Its prices are greater than £30, and it has a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
Alimentum provides English food in the average price range of £20-25. It has a high customer rating and is located near Yippee Noodle Bar in riverside.
Low rated Browns Cambridge, offer expensive Italian food.
The Rice Boat is a family-friendly restaurant located in the city centre. It sells French food and has an average customer rating.
Cocum is a children friend restaurant and most customer love it.
The Cambridge Blue is a restaurant. On this restaurant we can eat a delicious Japanese Food, but in this restaurant still have low customer.
Cotto is a fast food coffee shop near The Portland Arms moderately priced
A higher tier restaurant serving Japanese cuisine, Green Man offers a kid friendly atmosphere in the riverside area, near All Bar One.
Indian food is served at the pub named The Mill, by the riverside.  The price of this food is £20-25.
Cocum is a low-priced restaurant that serves fast food and is Family-Oriented.
The Waterman is a place for mature public. It's by the Crowne Plaza Hotel.
The Rice Boat is a Chinese restaurant with a high price range. It has a 1 out of 5 customer rating, and is located near Express by Holiday Inn by a riverside, and is not children friendly.
The family-friendly Blue Spice, serving food in low price range, has been rated 5 out of 5. It is located in the city centre.
The restaurant known as Blue Spice is near riverside, family friendly, and average customer rating.
Find great quality food and service at a reasonable price at The Golden Palace coffee shop right across from the river
There is an English, family friendly pub called The Dumpling Tree near The Portland Arms.
The Phoenix, located in riverside, has English food and a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
With a 3 out of 5 customer rating, The Golden Curry serves Japanese food in a children friendly atmosphere.
Located near The Portland Arms, The Dumpling Tree is a children family pub that serves Chinese food.
The Olive Grove offers pub type fast food to adults only with a high price range.
the Bibimbap House is  a place in the city centre near The Rice Boat that does Japanese food
In Riverside is a family friendly Italian restaurant named The Rice Boat.
The Green Man serves Chinese food at low prices in City Centre. It is not family friendly and located near All Bar One.
The Wrestlers provides Chinese food in the cheap price range. Its customer rating is average.
The Golden Curry comes highly recommended for its French cuisine and kid friendly environment.  You will find it located near Café Rouge in riverside.
A family friendly English pub, Giraffe, is in the riverside area.
There is a cheap Japanese restaurant in the city centre called The Waterman that has food costing £20-£25.  It has a high customer rating but is not family-friendly
A short jaunt from St. John's College is The Phoenix, an upscale Asian restaurant catering to the most discriminating tastes.
Fitzbillies near Express by Holiday Inn is child friendly and is rated 3 out of 5
Midsummer House is a French restaurant near Café Rouge with a low customer rating.
The Dumpling Tree is a French pub located near The Portland Arms. Child friendly.
Strada provides Indian food in the less than £20 price range. It is near Rainbow Vegetarian Café. Its customer rating is low.
With a price range of more than £30, The Punter serves English food.
Cotto is a coffee shop that serves Italian food, it is located in riverside near The Portland Arms. It gets a customer rating of 1 out of 5, and is moderately priced.
There's a coffee shop that serves Japanese food in the £20-25 range called Wildwood. The customer rating is high and it's located near Ranch.
A pub with a 3 out of 5 rating in riverside is The Twenty Two, near Café Sicilia.
Clowns is a riverside pub with a low customer rating and a price range of less than £20
The Rice Boat is a family friendly place in city centre that serves Indian food. They are rated 5 out of 5 by customers.
Browns Cambridge, near The Sorrento is a kids friendly establishment that serves Italian food and is near the riverside.
The Plough is a high priced and family friendly pub that offers fast food.  The are located near Café Rouge.
The Vaults is a restaurant serving classic English for its customers.
The Eagle is a kid friendly Japanese coffee shop.  Located in the riverside area near Burger King.  Price range : £20-25.  Rating 3 out of 5
The Strada is a family friendly restaurant serving French food. It is low priced, and has a rating of 5 stars out of 5. it is located near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
By the riverside near the Crowne Plaza Hotel, is a children friendly coffee shop named Taste of Cambridge, which also serves Italian food.
Cheap prices can be found at Fitzbillies which is located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café
There is a Japanese restaurant called The Cambridge Blue. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Strada is a cheap Chinese restaurant rating 5 out of 5. No family friendly and near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
There is a coffee shop near The Portland Arms called The Cricketers that serves Indian food with a high customer rating and is also kid friendly.
The Phoenix provides Japanese food for less than under £20 it is located by the riverside and has an average customer rating.
The Cambridge Blue is a Japanese restaurant. It has a high customer rating.
Near The Bakers is a cheap, family friendly restaurant that serves French food, it is called The Golden Curry.
The Rice Boat sells Indian food. It is located in the riverside area, near Express by Holiday Inn. The price range is high and customer rating is generally around 1 out of 5. It is children friendly.
There is a coffee shop in the city centre that is not kid friendly and has a 3 out of 5 rating; the price range is £20-25. It is called Zizzi.
A French restaurant with a 5 out of 5 rating is Midsummer House, which is a cheap place to go in All Bar One.
The Waterman riverside good place to all family and eat the best English Food
The Waterman is a high rated Japanese restaurant in the city centre with food available in the £20-£25 price range.  It is not good for kids
There is a French restaurant that is 5 out of 5 rated restaurant called The Cambridge Blue
The Rice Boat, near Express by Holiday Inn offers moderate priced English Food.  In Riverside area 3 out of 5 restaurants are not kids-friendly.
The Rice Boat has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It has English food and is kid friendly. It is riverside near the Express by Holiday Inn .
Fitzbillies is a family friendly coffee shop near the riverside that specialises in Italian cuisine. A meal will cost you under £20. It's quite a new place so customer ratings are low but it is becoming increasingly popular.
Fitzbillies, near The Six Bells sells Fast food with a price range of more than 30 pounds.
The Waterman is a pub, located by the riverside, serving Italian food and with a one out of five customer rating.
Green Man  conveniently located by the All Bar One. Green Man has medium priced delivery service.
Aromi the Indian coffee shop  is located in Riverside.
The Indian Blue Spice restaurant is a moderately priced restaurant located right in the city centre.
Cocum is a low rated restaurant in the city centre.  Not recommended for families.
Fitzbillies has a high price range with an average customer rating. It is children friendly and located near Express by Holiday Inn.
Located in the city centre near Yippee Noodle Bar, Alimentum is an Indian restaurant with a 5 out of 5 customer rating in the cheap price range.
The fast food pub, The Plough, is located near Café Rouge. It is high priced and is not kid friendly.
Midsummer House is an Italian restaurant with low customer ratings and is located near Café Rouge
Alimentum is an Italian, kid friendly restaurant with a £20-25 price range. It is located Riverside.
Green Man is a pub serving Japanese food in the riverside area near Café Rouge.
Close to The Six Bells is The Golden Curry, a family friendly establishment.
Near the Crowne Plaza Hotel in city centre, Browns Cambridge coffee shop have a low customer rating and are not family-friendly.
The Dumpling Tree is a Chinese food restaurant with more than  £30 price Range.
The Strada is children friendly with a 3 out of 5 customer rating and a high price range.
The Golden Curry has English food and is located near The Bakers. They are cheap and friendly to families.
The Rice Boat is a French venue in the city centre which welcomes children and has an excellent customer rating.
Wildwood coffee shop is a five-star Cheese and Winery located next to the Ranch.
Alimentum features higher priced Indian dining in an adult oriented atmosphere,
Wildwood is a cheap pub with one star average.
The Rice Boat serves Chinese food costing more than £30, it is in the riverside area located near Express by Holiday Inn.   The customer rating is high and it is not child friendly.
Wildwood is a pricey Italian coffee shop near Ranch. It is not rated well, with only 1 out 5 from customers.
By the river is the child friendly Green Man, near All Bar One, offering an English menu.  Food prices are over £30.
The Wrestlers is a no kids-friendly restaurant providing Italian food in the moderate price range. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Wrestlers coffee shop is family-friendly French food shop in city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine with a price range less than £20.
Zizzi is a high priced coffee shop  in the riverside area, with an average customer rating, and yes it's kid friendly
Low-priced food can be found near the river  at 1-star rated The Eagle coffee shop near Burger King. Kids are welcomed.
Strada is a pub located near Yippee Noodle Bar that provides Indian food which has a high customer rating.
Wildwood is an inexpensive coffee shop offering burgers and fries. It's located near Ranch.
Located near Ranch, The Cricketers is a Pub with a 5 out of 5 customer rating. They are children friendly.
The Wrestlers provides Indian food in the high price range. Its customer rating is average.
Cocum is a Japanese coffee shop with a low customer rating. The price range is less than 20. It is not family-friendly.
Loch Fyne is a moderately priced fast food restaurant that is not kid friendly.
There is a family friendly pub called The Olive Grove in the riverside area. It serves cheaply priced English food.
The Japanese restaurant offers moderately priced food, but the kids were not being polite in The Vaults.
Serving cheap, 5 out of 5 rated Indian food in riverside is a restaurant called The Waterman. They are not family oriented.
A restaurant with average ratings, in the price range of less than £20, is the Taste of Cambridge.
The Waterman is a Japanese restaurant with a 5 out of 5 costumer rating its located in the riverside area. The Waterman offers amazing cheap Japanese food but is not a family environment
Wildwood is a pub that offers a variety of food and drinks.
Strada is a low priced British cuisine restaurant that is not  family friendly, located by Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
Wildwood is a Japanese coffee shop near Ranch.  It has a low customer rating and a £30 and up price range.
Cotto is a coffee shop providing Indian food in the cheap price range. It is located in the city centre. It is near The Portland Arms. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
The Waterman is an English pub that is located in the city centre. It has a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
For child free coffee on the riverside, why not try Fitzbillies - an Italian style coffee shop.
By a riverside near Burger King,  The Eagle is a coffee shop serving Indian food it is not a child Friendly, with a low customer Rating and a high price Range.
The Golden Curry is a family friendly venue, serving English food. It is in the riverside area, near Café Rouge, with a rating of 5 out of 5.
Located near Raja Indian Cuisine, in City Centre, is the Italian coffee shop called The Wrestlers. It has prices less than £20.
In the riverside area near Express by Holiday Inn is The Rice Boat it is a family friendly Indian its a little expensive but the ratings are average.
The Golden Palace coffee shop serves moderately prices Indian food.  It is rated high by customers and is located in the city centre.
The Rice Boat sells Chinese food, customer service rating 1 out of 5, located in Riverside, child friendly
The 5 star family friendly coffee and sushi shop called Fitzbillies is located north of the city centre.
Clowns is a pub offering alcohol at prices higher than £ 30. Customer ratings are low. It is located in the city center.
Wildwood is a coffee shop in the low price range. It is located near Ranch.
The Olive Grove pub  in the city centre serves French food at above average prices. It is not suitable for families with children.
There is a kid friendly Italian place called Green Man near All Bar One in riverside. It is moderately priced.
The Rice Boat Chinese is by the riverside. It has an average customer rating and is child friendly.
Fitzbillies is an expensive, family-friendly coffee shop located in the City Centre. It offers wine and cheese.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is a slightly higher priced restaurant that caters to adults only.
Children friendly Travellers Rest Beefeater restaurant has prices of more than £30.
The Golden Palace pub, located in the city centre near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café. Which is a good place to go if your price range is moderate.
Cocum is a cheap restaurant that is Family-Oriented and serves fast food service.
The Browns Cambridge is expensive and it has a one star rating.
The Punter offers cheap Japanese food.
There is a mid price range restaurant Strada located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café that provides all-you-can eat food.
The Phoenix offers cheap Italian food. It is located in the city centre. It is rated average by the customers.
Loch Fyne is a no family-friendly restaurant that provides Fast food in the cheap price range.
croissants in the pub which is rated 3 out of 5 stars in Riverside named The Waterman
Near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area is a Japanese coffee shop called The Wrestlers. It is average-priced and kids friendly.
The Waterman is Japanese restaurant in the riverside with price less than 20, no average
Average price range and customer rated pub, Cocum is best suited for adult meals.
Blue Spice in the city centre is non family-friendly and had a price range of less than £20 with a low customer rating.
Expect to pay less than £20 to eat at Fitzbillies, located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
Clowns pub situated riverside with an average customer rating of 3
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop serving  Italian food and across from Crowne Plaza Hotel with average ratings and is not family-friendly.
The customer ratings for Browns Cambridge is average, they sell cheap Italian food.
An Italian coffee shop near Café Sicilia would be The Punter. It has moderate prices and is rated 3 out of 5 stars by customers. It is not a kid friendly shop.
Giraffe is a cheap, family-friendly coffee shop. It is located near The Bakers.
The Twenty Two serves Italian food and is kids friendly.
Midsummer House is  near Café Rouge. Customers rating Midsummer House 3 out of 5. It serves Japanese food and it is rating by customers 3 out of 5.
Near The Rice Boat in the center of city its located a restaurant 5of5 called The Twenty Two, this serves dishes from £30
The Golden Curry is an Italian near The Bakers. It is child friendly and the price range is from £20 - £25.
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing Indian food in the more than £30 price range. It is located in the riverside. It is near Burger King. Its customer rating is high.
There is an English restaurant with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 named The Cambridge Blue.
The Eagle is a restaurant with 1 Star.
the pub called Strada,  near to Yippee Noodle Bar serve  Italian food and customer rating is average
The Rice Boat is a high priced Chinese restaurant that is not family friendly with a 1 out of 5 customer rating. It is in the centre city near Express by Holiday Inn.
The Waterman is a non-family-friendly English restaurant in riverside with a low customer rating and price range less than L20.
A child friendly fast food joint named, The Vaults - with a moderate price range.
Aromi is a family friendly pub with a 5 out of 5 customer rating located in Riverside.
Conveniently located in the city centre, The Golden Palace is a coffee shop that serves Indian food at a moderate price and is rated a three out of five stars.
There is a restaurant called Strada providing Indian food located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café with 5 out of 5 customer rating and it's price range is cheap and also it is family friendly.
The Punter is a restaurant providing Italian food  in the mid price range. It is located in the city centre.
The Waterman is a cheap Indian restaurant located in the riverside area. It has an average customer rating and is family friendly.
A man named Cotto got Chinese food from a place with a average customer rating that is child friendly near the Ranch.
Clowns, a hilariously named coffee shop, near Clare Hall, in city center, is a Fast food establishment with a perfect rating.
There is a cheap restaurant The Rice Boat located Express by Holiday Inn that provides Asian food.
Close to Rainbow Vegetarian Café is Strada which provides expensive Italian food. Its customer rating is average and children are prohibited.
In the riverside area, near All Bar One, is a high priced, child friendly, Fast food restaurant, Green Man.
Near The Six Bells there is Fitzbillies, which serves Italian food. The price range is above 30 pounds.
The Rice Boat is Family friendly Fast food less than  £20 and low customer Rating near to Express by Holiday Inn. it is located in riverside
There is a 5 stars coffee shop Fitzbillies that provides nice hamburgers for your family at low-priced. It is located in the city centre.
Blue Spice is found near riverside. It is an Italian restaurant costing around £20-25.
Near Café Rouge, there is a Japanese restaurant called the Midsummer House. It has a low customer service.
The Golden Palace is a coffee chop in the city centre that serves high priced Indian food, and maintains an average rating.
The Punter is a sushi and coffee shop located near Café Sicilia with a family friendly atmosphere.
An Italian coffee shop called Wildwood can be found near the Ranch. Food ranges from from £20-25 and has a high customer rating.
The Golden Palace is a high-priced, five star coffee shop located near the river.
Giraffe is a restaurant near The Six Bells and has a moderated price
The Mill is a French pub in the Riverside area. The price range is less than £20.
Fitzbillies Japanese restaurant comes highly recommended and is situated adjacent to The Six Bells.
Enjoy a French meal with your kids at The Dumpling Tree pub, located near The Portland Arms.
Located in the riverside area, near The Portland Arms, Cotto is a coffee shop that offers fast food. The restaurant received 3 out of 5 stars as rated by customers.
The Eagle is a family friendly Fast food serving coffee ship with cheap price range and an average customer rating.  It is located in Riverside near Burger King.
The Golden Curry is fast food, kid friendly and has a 1 out of 5 customer rating.
A riverside pub with cheap prices named Clowns with average rating.
Alimentum offer reasonable price English  1 star food by the river, just along from the Yippee Noodle Bar
There is a family family restaurant called The Rice Boat in the city centre.  It has an average customer rating and serves French food.
Aromi is restaurant that offers French food in the riverside area
For a fast food place in the Riverside area, visit Blue Spice.  The prices ranges less than £20.
The Eagle is a coffee shop. It that is family-friendly. t offers Japanese food and is located in the city centre near Burger King. Prices range less than £20 and the customer rating is low.
There is a mid price range restaurant Alimentum located in the centre of the city that provides fast food.
Loch Fyne is located in riverside area near The Rice Boat. Have 1 out of 5 costumer rating.
Midsummer House is a pasta venue close to Café Rouge. It has one star.
There is a restaurant The Mill located in riverside, close to The Rice Boat.
The Waterman is a kids friendly Indian restaurant with a high customer rating in the £20-25 price range in the city centre.
Customers rated the restaurant, Strada, to be a 3 out of 5.
The Rice Boat is located near Express by Holiday Inn  in the city centre.  It receives an average customer rating, serves fast food, is cheap, but it is not family-friendly.
The cheaply-priced Blue Spice restaurant to the north of the City on the River serves a variety of cheeses and wines.
Clowns is a budget friendly family venue close to Café Sicilia.
The Waterman is a Italian pub in the city center with a low customer rating.
The average priced Japanese coffee shop - Fitzbillies - is child friendly and priced modestly. It is in the city centre, and has been rated highly by customers.
The Cambridge Blue is a one star restaurant.
The Wrestlers is an expensive, child friendly restaurant with a 1 out of 5 rating. They serve English food.
Green Man is a restaurant providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in the riverside are, near All Bar One. Green Man is not a kid friendly environment.
Clowns is a coffee shop near Clare Hall.  It is located in the riverside area.  Clowns serves coffee and Japanese food. The customer satisfaction for this coffee shop is high.
The Eagle is a low price coffee shop located near Burger King north of the city center.
The Eagle is a high priced eatery located in the city centre. It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Phoenix, located in Riverside, serves French cuisine and has an average customer rating.
Zizzi pub is a bar selling sort of assorted wines and snacks. It is opened to all age groups.
Located in riverside, The Waterman is a children friendly restaurant that serves Indian food. Prices range at over £30, but it gets a high rating from its customers.
The Phoenix offers English-styled food in the riverside of Cambridge and has an average customer rating.
There is a family  restaurant Browns Cambridge  located on the riverside near The Sorrento.
The Alimentum is a 5 star restaurant.  It is located near the Yippee Noodle Bar.
The Twenty Two is a kid friendly Italian restaurant.
The Twenty Two is a children friendly restaurant that is locates on the riverside near The Rice Boat. It has a more than 30 Euro price range and a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
The Cambridge Blue is a restaurant located near the Café Brazil.
Strada has a high customer rating and serves French Food near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café. It is kids friendly and costs £20-25.
Fitzbillies is an expensive  coffee shop that serves Japanese food with a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is located in the city centre and kids are not allowed.
Cocum will provide an excellent dining experience for all families.
Browns Cambridge coffee shop can be found near the Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is not family friendly, and serves sushi. It holds a one star rating.
Located near the Café Rouge in the riverside area, The Golden Curry is a five star family friendly fast food restaurant.
Loch Fyne is a restaurant providing sea food and grills  in the average price range. It is located in the city centre
Loch Fyne is a restaurant that serves Indian food in the moderate price range and is not child friendly.
Located next to the Rainbow Vegetarian Café is a restaurant called The Rice Boat.  It has high prices and a low rating.
With a price range of £20-25, a high customer rating, and a location in the riverside area, Blue Spice is a great choice.  Blue Spice is not kids friendly.
Offering prices between £20-25, The Plough is located near The Bakers and is kid friendly.
Midsummer House Chinese offers high priced food rated at a 1 out of 5, near All Bar One.
The Wrestlers is a French coffee shop with a moderate price range, but isn't kid friendly, and it located near Raja Indian Cuisine on riverside.
Strada serves Chinese food for a low price near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.  It has a low customer rating and is not family friendly.
The Golden Curry is a family-friendly located in the city centre near Café Rouge. They serve English food.
Browns Cambridge is an average rated, non family-friendly coffee shop that serves French food and is located in the city centre near the Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Blue Spice is riverside with cheap prices, a 5 out of 5 customer rating, and is not family-friendly
The Waterman is a English restaurant, which is not kid friendly, that is located near city centre and the price range is around £20-25.
Wildwood is a pub which serves Chinese food. The average price is 20 to 25 euros, with a very high customer rating.
A cheap Japanese coffee shop near Ranch, with a high customer rating is Wildwood.
Family Friendly The Wrestlers, is a mid-range priced eatery scoring 3 out of 5 stars.
Loch Fyne is a restaurant providing cheeses, wine, fruits and desserts in the high price range that is family-welcomed
The Rice Boat is a three star location near the river that serves British food.
Clowns is a family friendly place. It costs less than £20 and is near Café Sicilia.
If you're looking for a restaurant that offers French food then come to The Vaults.
High rated Japanese food in the city centre for £20-£25, Quaint little coffee shop. The Portland Arms is the place to go, its situated just by Cotto
Green Man is located by a riverside near All Bar One and is considered children friendly.  It serves Indian food and has a high price range.
Blue Spice is located on the river side with good food at decent prices.
The Loch Fyne restaurant is a cheap sushi restaurant not suited for the whole family.
Alimentum is located in the city centre. It has a high price range, serves Italian and is children friendly.
The one star, high priced Fitzbillies coffee shop is available for use, the facility is family friendly and has wine, cheese and wine available for guest.
The high-priced coffee shop, The Golden Palace, has a one out of five star review.
Alimentum is not children friendly.  It is a Fast food restaurant with a high price range in the city centre.
The Eagle Italian restaurant customer rating 5 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is located near the Express by Holiday Inn and is child friendly. With prices above £30 and a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Rice Boat is situated by the Express by Holiday Inn on the riverside.  It serves French food in a family setting.  The price range starts at £30.  It has a low customer rating.
Blue Spice is a one star,  family friendly, high priced restaurant located in the City centre.
Cocum is a child friendly restaurant that is poorly rated.
Strada is a pub providing Indian food It is near Yippee Noodle Bar. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
The Waterman is a high rated pub that serve fast food on the riverside area
The Rice Boat serves French food.  It has a average customer rating  It is located in the city centre near the Express by Holiday Inn.  The price range is less than  £20 and is family-friendly.
If you are looking for child friendly French cuisine along the riverside, Green Man restaurant, while a little more pricey at upwards of £30, is conveniently located near All Bar One.
An average rated Japanese restaurant by the riverside is The Rice Boat. It is not for families.
Come check out The Waterman pub along the riverside for fast food and give us a rating 1 out of 5.
Cotto, near The Portland Arms in the riverside area is a fast food coffee shop with a high price range and low customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Alimentum is located next to Yippee Noodle Bar, and is a mid priced restaurant.
Loch Fyne is a non family friendly Italian restaurant.
Browns Cambridge is a French restaurant located at the riverside near The Sorrento. It serves French food and is family friendly.
Number one family friendly Italian restaurant that costs less than £20 goes by the name The Vaults.
The Olive Grove  in the riverside area serves pub food at below average prices. It is not family-friendly.
The Golden Palace is a restaurant located in the city center with a low customer rating.
Bibimbap House is an Italian restaurant near The Rice Boat.
Green Man is a family friendly restaurant in the riverside area with prices less than £20.
The Twenty Two serves English food and is family friendly.
Fitzbillies, a non-kids-friendly establishment rated 3 out of 5, can be found near Express by Holiday Inn at £20-25.
Blue Spice, a hight price restaurant whit a not that bad rating located in the riverside.
At a kid friendly customer rated 1 out of 5 you can get Chinese food at a pub called Zizzi.
The Phoenix is a moderately priced Fast food restaurant in the city centre but it only has a 1 out of 5 customer rating.
Loch Fyne is a cheap, family friendly, French restaurant.
The Wrestlers is an average, non family-friendly, cheap Italian restaurant.
The Rice Boat offers Italian food in a riverside location.
The Twenty Two is a place to come with the family and eat French food at the riverside
Loch Fyne is a children friendly restaurant in a medium price range
Located near Café Rouge, The Plough is a pub offering high end quality and is child friendly.
Aromi is a coffee shop in riverside that serves Indian food their place is not family friendly
Zizzi is an English pub with low ratings and is non family-friendly.
Located in the city centre is Zizzi restaurant offering food that is moderately priced.
Ethnic variety foods up the road from Crowne Plaza Hotel the Browns Cambridge coffee shop.
A moderately priced English restaurant is The Punter.
The Golden Curry is children-friendly and serves English food. It is near Café Rouge in the riverside area. Customers give it a low rating of 1 out of 5.
The Olive Grove is suitable for those spending more than £30. It is a child-friendly pub that serves French food and it is located in the riverside area.
The Punter the coffee shop, near Café Sicilia, welcomes families with high prices and good reviews.
There is a restaurant named Strada that is children friendly with a high price range.
Close to The Portland Arms is a family friendly coffee shop called The Cricketers.
Strada pub serves Italian food and is located near Yippee Noodle Bar. It has a 1 out of 5 customer rating.
Browns Cambridge is an average place for Fast food for less than £20.
The Waterman pub in the city centre offers Italian food and has a 5 out of 5 rating.
The moderately priced, Fitzbillies is located near The Six Bells and serves Chinese.
There is a cheap restaurant called The Wrestlers that offers British cuisine.
An averagely priced coffee shop serving Japanese called The Eagle; not kid friendly. A very high customer rating, located in the city centre near Burger King.
Blue Spice is an average-priced coffee shop near Avalon in Riverside where kids are not allowed.
The Plough is an inexpensively priced, family friendly pub. It serves French food and is located near Café Rouge.
There is a Japanese pub located in the centre of the city called The Waterman. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Dumpling Tree is an average-priced fast food restaurant.
The family friendly restaurant Cocum is high priced and also is a coffee shop.
The Golden Palace is a French style coffee shop in the city centre.  It is however quite pricey and not very popular with customers.
The Phoenix is a Chinese restaurant located in the city centre. It has low customer ratings and is less than 20 euro's.
The Golden Curry is an English restaurant with a high customer rating located near Café Rouge in the city centre. It is not family-friendly.
there is a low price coffee shop named The Eagle near Burger King that serving Japanese food with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 but not family-friendly
The Golden Curry is family friendly, serves fast food, is near Café Rouge by the riverside and has a low customer rating.
There is a moderate restaurant Fitzbillies located near Express by Holiday Inn customer rating 3 out of 5 and is kids-friendly
Near The Bakers is a coffee shop called the Giraffe; it has prices between £20-25, is kid friendly, and is highly rated by customers
Near Express by Holiday Inn you will find The Rice Boat- offering fast food with high price range and average rating.
Alimentum is a Chinese restaurant located in riverside, that is adult only and high price range.
Blue Spice in Riverside is located near Avalon. It is a kid friendly coffee shop in the price range of 20-25.  It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
For Italian food near Crown Plaza Hotel, try The Waterman. They are also family friendly.
Highly-rated, The Punter is a coffee Shop near Café Sicilia which you can take your children to. They serve fast food for a moderate price.
The Cotto Indian coffee shop near The Portland Arms in the city centre is rated 3 out of 5 stars and is in the moderate price range.
The Cricketers, Ever see a fast food, coffee shop. Kid friendly, Near The Portland Arms, With a rating of 3 out of 5.
The Rice Boat serves up average Indian food in a family-friendly environment in the riverside area.
There is an expensive coffee shop located near The Sorrento, called The Mill.
in the City Centre near Clare Hall is Clowns a coffee shop selling Fast food with a low customer rating.
The Cocum restaurant is children friendly and has average customer rating.
Look near the Crowne Plaza Hotel for a family friendly city centre Indian coffee shop with an average rating. Its name is Browns Cambridge.
Loch Fyne is a children-friendly high end Italian restaurant.
The Twenty Two is a family friendly French restaurant on the riverside.
There is an English restaurant with average customer ratings named The Cambridge Blue,
The customer rating is average for the child friendly  fast food place is average and its in Riverside near the Café Rouge and The Golden Curry.
Clowns is a riverside pub, that although rated 1 out of 5, is moderately priced.
Giraffe is a family friendly English Pub by the riverside.
The Golden Curry is a Indian restaurant which is kids friendly located in the riverside area near Café Rouge and it has 3 out of 5 customer rating.
Browns Cambridge has excellent 5 out of 5 ratings. The price range is high but it is worth it.
Browns Cambridge has a variety of meals at very affordable prices.
The Rice Boat is a French place near Express by Holiday Inn in Riverside. Its price range is less than £20,  but has a low customer rating. It is also family friendly.
The Eagle with a low customer rating serves Chinese food
There is a cheap coffee shop Wildwood located by the Ranch that offers food and drinks.
There is a French restaurant with prices less than 20 called The Dumpling Tree.
The Waterman, is an affordable eatery that gives patrons great food at low prices. Located near the Crowne Plaza Hotel.
There is a cheap coffee shop, Cotto, with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 that sells Indian food in the city centre near The Portland Arms.
The Travellers Rest Beefeater has a price range of less than £20 and an average customer rating. They are located in the riverside area near Café Adriatic.
The Waterman provides Spaghetti without braking the bank. It is located on the shores of the river and is not family-friendly.
Wildwood, an Indian pub with a more than 30 pound price range, has high customer ratings.
The Phoenix which serves Japanese food for £20-25, it is highly rated by customers.  it is located in the city centre
In riverside by Café Brazil is a coffee shop with moderate prices, a customer rating of 3 out of 5, it is called The Vaults.
There is as high priced restaurant just north of the city centre near the river called The Golden Palace.
Wildwood is a pub providing Chinese in the moderate price Range with a 3 out of 5 customer Rating.
The Punter is a cheap highly rated non-family-friendly coffee shop that serves French food, located near the Café Sicilia.
The Plough is a family orientated Pub. It's mid range in prices and very close to the Café Rouge.
Fitzbillies offers fast food and is a coffee shop which is located in the city centre. The prices are cheap with a 5 star rating and is especially family-friendly.
Located in the City Centre by Burger King, with a one star rating from customers, is a coffee shop by the name of The Eagle.  It's cheap, and for adults only.
For pub style eating that is kid friendly, look for The Cricketers, located near Ranch. It has an average customer rating.
Wildwood it is a very affordable restaurant and pub with excellent services.
Browns Cambridge is a cheap Indian restaurant rating 5 out of 5.
Cotto is located near Ranch with average ratings. They serve English food and are kid friendly.
There is a restaurant in the city centre that serves Japanese food called The Phoenix. It has a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
There is a pub that serves Indian food at a moderate price range near Café Brazil called The Cambridge Blue.
The Golden Curry is a family friendly eatery with high customer ratings and serves British cuisine. It is located by the riverside, near Café Rouge.
Browns Cambridge has an average customer rating and price range under 20 pounds
The Rice Boat, located in the city centre area of Cambridge, serves Chinese food in an environment that is not family-friendly and leaves much to be desired.
There is a cheap one-star restaurant called The Wrestlers that provides pasta dishes.
The Rice Boat is rated 5 out of 5 and the prices are cheap. It is near Express by Holiday Inn and it is located at the riverside. English food is served and it is family friendly.
The Wrestlers is an adult only highly rated Chinese restaurant and has a price range of 20-25 euro's.
The Eagle is a 1 star, medium priced restaurant located near Burger King and north of city centre.
Cocum is a coffee shop which serves Japanese food. It has a high customer rating, with a price range of £20-25. It isn't a kids friendly restaurant.
Near to Café Brazil is The Cambridge Blue pub which serves moderately priced Chinese food.
Green Man is a moderate-priced Indian food restaurant located in the riverside area near All Bar One. It is not kids friendly.
Cotto is a high-rated and kid friendly Chinese restaurant near Ranch.
Close to Café Sicilia is a family Friendly coffee shop The Punter with a low customer Rating serving Italian food at less than £20
The Cricketers is a pub near Ranch that is child friendly and has a 1 out of 5 customer rating.
A kid-friendly Japanese restaurant rated 5 out of 5 is The Golden Curry.
In city centre, there is a restaurant called The Eagle with a rating of 5 over 5. It is within a price range over £30.
The Waterman is a French venue in riverside with an average rating. It is kid friendly with a price range less than £20.
As an Italian restaurant located in the city centre, The Rice Boat has  an average customer rating but is not family-friendly.
A pub called The Olive Grove is located by the riverside. It offers Fast food, a kid-friendly environment, and moderate prices.
The Rice Boat is a no kids-friendly restaurant providing Japanese food in the average price range. It is located near Express by Holiday Inn in the riverside. Its customer rating is high.
The Cricketers is a family friendly, Japanese coffee shop near The Portland Arms that earned a average customer rating.
Located in riverside, The Waterman serves French food with a high price range and gets average reviews.
Cocum is a highly rated restaurant that welcomes children.
The Twenty Two is a city centre restaurant providing English food in a family-friendly environment.
Fitzbillies near The Six Bells with high Range prices serves English food
Taste of Cambridge is a family friendly pub in the riverside area, near The Sorrento.
Serving Italian food, Browns Cambridge is a kid friendly coffee shop that is located by the riverside near the Crown Plaza Hotel.  It rated 1 out of 5 by customers.
The Dumpling Tree is a restaurant serving Indian food in a moderate price range.
If you are looking for a cheap French coffee shop with a 5 out of 5 rating that is not family-friendly, visit The Eagle in the city centre near Burger King.
customer Rating 5 out of 5, restaurant, The Golden Palace, in the centre of the city.
The pub near Café Adriatic, with a low customer rating and price range less than £20, is The Vaults.
The Punter is an expensive coffee shop near Café Sicilia that serves Indian food.  The venue has an average rating from customers and is not child friendly.
The Cambridge Blue restaurant is rated one star.
The Waterman is an English restaurant near the Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is not family-friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a fast food restaurant, with a price of less than £20. It has a low customer rating.
The Waterman is a pub that serves French food. Located at the city centre, customers have rated it 5 out of 5.
Zizzi, located in Riverside, is a moderately priced, kid friendly, coffee shop, with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Golden Curry is an average place near The Bakers for families.
Chinese food in the city centre can be found at The Phoenix with moderate prices and low customer ratings.
The Vaults is a restaurant that carries sushi.
The Rice Boat serves Indian food and boasts and average customer service rating, located riverside it has an  awesome family friendly environment.
Located near Café Sicilia in the city centre, The Dumpling Tree is a non kid friendly coffee shop with prices ranging more than £30.
The Mill is a coffee shop and can eat  Italian food.  It is located in area of  Riverside, near The Sorrento.
Aromi is a coffee shop. it is kid friendly. has a 3 out of 5 customer ingratiating is in riverside.
An Indian restaurant named The Waterman has an high price range yet average customer rating. It is at the riverside and yes, it is child friendly.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly coffee shop that deals in modern delicacies. They cater to those with checkbooks of moderate size, and can be found in the Park on the River, just east of Raja Indian Cuisine.
In Riverside near the Burger King sits The Eagle, a moderately priced Italian coffee shop with average customer ratings.
There is a great Italian in the riverside called The Phoenix.
The Rice Boat, located in the city centre, serves Chinese food. They are family friendly and have a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Bibimbap House serves Chinese food, with meals at a moderate price. in the city centre area near Clare Hall.
Near Café Sicilia it's found a 5of5 class  coffee shop, is called The Punter, serves serves fast food
Near Café Sicilia on the riverside, there is a moderately-priced and adult coffee shop name The Dumpling Tree.
Midsummer House serves Indian food for an average price range. It is located near Café Rouge.
Near Rainbow Vegetarian Café there is a cheap restaurant with a 5 out of 5 customer rating named The Rice Boat.
Near of The Portland Arms there is a pub called The Dumpling Tree. It serves French food and children are always welcome.
The Waterman is located in the city centre. It has Japanese food and is not kids friendly. Prices range higher then £30 with customer ratings low.
The Wrestlers is a Chinese restaurant with a high price range and customer rating of 1 out of 5. Not kid friendly.
Aromi is a pub located riverside. It has an average customer rating and is family friendly.
The Eagle is a low price shop located at the riverside price range from less then £20 for there customers
By the riverside, enjoy a pub cuisine, at the Aromi, in a family friend scene, with a 5 out 5 star rating.
The Cotto is a five star coffee shop located in City centre near The Portland Arms.
Alimentum serves expensive Italian food in riverside area. It is family friendly.
Fast food can be found at The Rice Boat in the city centre. Though not family-friendly, it has average ratings.
A coffee shop called Clowns, located by Clare Hall on the Riverside, serves Indian food. It has a high customer rating.
In city centre by The Sorrento, there is a French coffee shop named The Mill and products are upwards of 30 pounds.
There is a cheap restaurant Alimentum near Yippee Noodle Bar serving English food in riverside with average customer ratings.
The Phoenix serves Japanese food in the £20 - £25 price range with a high customer rating located in the city centre
The Midsummer House is an Italian 5 star restaurant with fair prices. It is located by the All Bar One, which is nice to go to after dinner.
Aromi is a French restaurant in the City Centre.
By Yippee Noodle Bar, Alimentum is an Indian restaurant located in the city centre. Given its high price range, it has average customer rating.
The Waterman is child friendly near the Crown Plaza Hotel that serves Japanese food.
Browns Cambridge is located in riverside near The Sorrento. This establishment is adults only and features Indian cuisine.
The Rice Boat, located near Express by Holiday Inn in the city centre, is moderately priced fast food that is good for kids.  It does not get good ratings.
Close to the riverside and near The Rice Boat; Loch Fyne is an average rated Italian.
The Eagle, serving Italian food, is a family friendly coffee shop  near Burger King in the riverside area. The price range is less than £20 and the customer rating is low.
The family friendly venue, The Wrestlers, offers Indian food for less than 20 Euros but has a low customer rating.
In Riverside there's a kids friendly fast food place called Green Man that has a moderate price range and it's near All Bar One.
Zizzi is an Italian pub. It is not family-friendly, but customers rave about it, rating it 5 out of 5.
The Vaults is a restaurant serving English food.
Cocum is a cheap pub. The restaurant is family friendly, and has a 5 out of 5 rating.
Along the riverside is a children friendly Japanese coffee shop with a low customer rating near Aromi.
Wildwood, a cheap coffee shop with an average customer rating. Also serving Italian food, it is located near a ranch.
A child friendly coffee shop in the riverside called Fitzbillies has a high customer rating and a price range of more than £30 for Italian food.
The Waterman its located in riverside, a great restaurant with cheap prices
The Wrestlers is a high priced restaurant that serves English food.
The Mill is a cheap pub by the riverside that serves Italian food.
The Strada Is a fast food pub located near Yippee Noodle Bar with a low customer rating.
The Golden Curry provides Chinese food in the £20-25 price range. It is near The Bakers.
A coffee shop called The Punter providing Italian food is in the moderate price range with a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is located near Café Sicilia.
Fitzbillies French is more than £30 price range. for found that place, you have to go The Six Bells.
The Waterman offers cheap French food for family-friendly in city centre.
The Twenty Two offers Japanese food and is children friendly.
The Cricketers Indian coffee shop is located near The Portland Arms and is kid friendly.
The Dumpling Tree is an English restaurant whose prices are in the high price range.
For inexpensive fast food costing less than £20, try The Mill coffee shop. It is located near The Sorrento in the riverside district.
Family friendly restaurant, The Olive Grove, is located around riverside.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop that is family friendly, moderately priced Japanese food close to Raja Indian Cuisine in riverside.
The Eagle near Burger King on the riverside is a coffee shop that does Japanese food.  It has a low rating, is not child friendly and costs more than £30.
The Olive Grove is a adult pub with a less than  £20 price range that serves English food in the riverside area.
A pub called The Plough near Café Rouge serves Japanese food. It is kids friendly and has a price range of £20-£25.
The Twenty Two is a child friendly restaurant that serves French food.
The Waterman is a Japanese restaurant located in the city centre. It has a price range of £20-25, a rating of 3 out of 5 and is not kid friendly.
The Vaults is a kids-friendly restaurant serving Fast food with a £20-£25 price range.
The Cricketers is a child-friendly pub located near Ranch with a low customer rating.
Loch Fyne is a family-friendly restaurant providing wine and cheese at a low cost.
Strada is a mid-priced restaurant located adjacent to  the Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
The Cocum pub is an average place to bring the kids but don't forget you wallet as prices are on the high side.
The Cricketers is a popular child friendly pub located near Ranch.
If your looking for a nice place in the riverside area, in the price range of 20-25, then you would like The Golden Palace with a pub near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
Zizzi is an English pub with an average rating.
Cotto is a high-priced coffee shop which serves Fast food. It is located near The Portland Arms.
The Vaults is a pub with a price range of more than £30 and high customer ratings. It is located near Café Adriatic.
The Wrestlers serves high priced Indian cuisine in a non-child friendly atmosphere. It's customer rating is only average.
For a reasonable meal ,Check out Alimentum a Japanese restaurant which is kid friendly , a riverside setting , a traditional Japanese meal which will cost between £20 - £25
The Eagle is a  family-friendly but low-rated coffee shop with price ranges of less than £20. It is located by the riverside, near the fast food restaurant Burger King.
The Vaults fast food prices are high but is child-friendly.
Browns Cambridge is located by the riverside near the Crowne Plaza Hotel serving fast food in their coffee shop, although customers have rated this low.
The Rice Boat is a 5 star wine and cheese restaurant, at a high price. It can be found near Express by Holiday Inn, and is family friendly.
For a costly but worth it for the 5 star rating, try Wildwood pub located in the city
Alimentum is a restaurant that serves Indian food , the price range is cheap in this restaurant , the customer rating is 5 out of 5 , the where it is located is in the city centre near Yippee Noodle Bar.
The Vaults is a coffee shop by the riverside, near Café Brazil. It is in the high price range and is rated 1 out of 5.
The family-friendly Browns Cambridge is a French coffee shop near the Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre.
1 out of 5 customers would dine at The Waterman pub for Fast food when they are walking along the riverside.
Zizzi Chinese pub isn't family friendly but it is 5 out of 5 customer rated.
Wildwood is a pub providing Italian food. It has a high customer rating with a price range of £20-25
The Rice Boat is a Chinese food restaurant that gets a rating of 5 out of 5. It is not family friendly, and is inexpensive. It is located in the city centre near the Express by Holiday Inn.
The Wildwood pub offers Indian food in the high price range. The customer rating for this establishment is 1 out of 5.
Expensive, mid-rated French cuisine coffee shop The Golden Palace is located in the city centre.
The Rice Boat is a children friendly fast food restaurant with a high price range and a customer rating 1 out of 5. It is located in the riverside area near Express by Holiday Inn.
The Rice Boat is a high-priced place near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café. It has a 3 out of 5 customer rating.
The Olive Grove is a moderately priced English pub in riverside that is family friendly.
Fast Food restaurant The Rice Boat, is a 1 out of 5 star eatery located on the riverside.  Not considered family friendly.
A high customer rating by the riverside called The Phoenix serves English food.
Cotto is a coffee shops located in The Portland Arms. It has low customer rating.
The Punter serves Chinese food at high prices.
Near Avalon there is a coffee shop named Blue Spice. It is family friendly and has an average customer rating. The price range is high.
Near the riverside there is a coffee shop offering Japanese food called Aromi. It is kid friendly and has a low customer rating.
Aromi is a  restaurant situated in the area of Riverside. Aromi is a Fast food restaurant.
A restaurant which is children friendly would be Wildwood.
The Rice Boat is located in the area of riverside near Express by Holiday Inn.  It is a moderately priced restaurant that offers Indian food  with a 3 out of 5 rating and kid friendly.
In the city center sits a kid-friendly Chinese restaurant called The Waterman. There prices range moderately.
The Golden Curry servers French food for mid range prices. It is located near The Bakers and is child friendly.
Here at The Dumpling Tree, we have a beautiful restaurant with English food, that won't drain your wallet of it's money.
Fitzbillies is a restaurant providing take-away deliveries in the medium price range. It is located near The Six Bells.
The Golden Palace that serves sushi that has a low rating of 1 star and average in price range
Although Browns Cambridge is not family friendly, they offer Chinese food near The Sorrento in riverside.
The Mill is a French pub in the high price range near Riverside.
The Twenty Two serves Indian food.
There is a cheap coffee shop Clowns located in city center near Clare Hall that offers Indian food.
The Rice Boat provides Indian food It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
The Golden Curry is an English food restaurant in the city centre, near Café Rouge. It has an average customer rating and is family-friendly.
There is a pub called Aromi in Riverside with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 - it is located in Riverside.
If you're looking for a family-friendly, well-priced, Japanese restaurant near The Bakers, The Golden Curry is the place to go.
5 out of 5 rating Indian eatery with cheap prices near All Bar One is Midsummer House
Green Man is a family-friendly restaurant serving English food located near All Bar One in city centre area. The price range is less than 20 pounds.
For a 3 star moderate priced Italian restaurant near to Rainbow Vegetarian Café then go to the Strada
Strada serves English food. It is near Rainbow Vegetarian Café. It is child friendly. It has an average customer rating and a high price range.
There is a fast-food coffee shop called The Punter located near Café Sicilia. It offers quality food at moderate prices as well as a kid friendly environment.
Strada offers five-star, family friendly service at a low price near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
Located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café, The Strada serves Chinese food at a moderate price range. It is child-friendly and has an average customer rating of a three out of five.
Riverside pub Clowns is a 3 out of 5 star, low cost venue.
Cotto, in city centre near All Bar One has moderate prices
The Twenty Two is  priced below £20 and is family Friendly. It is located in the riverside area near The Rice Boat. With a low customer rating.
A average high Fast food restaurant located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café called Strada
There is a family friendly Chinese restaurant located in the city centre that has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It has a cheap price range and is called The Waterman.
The Plough is a kid friendly fast food pub near Café Rouge. It has high prices.
The Chinese restaurant, The Rice Boat, is rated as average, high in price, and considered child-friendly.  It is near Express by Holiday Inn and riverside.
There is a restaurant in the moderate price range serving English food called The Dumpling Tree
With a good rating and cheap prices, Clowns is a Pub in the centre of the city.
In the riverside area is The Waterman, a high rated Japanese venue. The price range is £20-25 and is not child friendly.
The Cambridge Blue is a pub serving Chinese food for a little more than £30. They are located near Café Brazil.
The pub Wildwood serves highly rated Fast food at prices ranging from £20-25.
Blue Spice is a high end non children family restaurant located in the city centre.
A coffee shop named The Punter has a moderate price range with Italian food. Not kids friendly and is near Café Sicilia with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Waterman is a one star rated pub which sells fast food.
The Travellers Rest Beefeater has an average customer rating. It is in the low price range and is located in the riverside area near Café Adriatic.
The Dumpling Tree is a highly priced British restaurant.
The Phoenix - low priced fast food in the riverside area with great customer rating.
In the city centre. the coffee shop The Eagle has an average customer rating for its Indian food and it is not children friendly. It is located near to Burger King.
The Mill is a low priced Japanese Pub in city centre.
Not far from Burger King is The Eagle coffee shop which offers a similar moderately priced menu.
The Rice Boat is a moderately priced, kid-friendly, Chinese restaurant. It's located in the city center near the Express by Holiday Inn.
The Twenty Two near the river is not a family friendly restaurant.
There is a cheap pub Wildwood providing Italian food with a  less than  £20 price range and low customer range.
The Twenty Two, an Indian food restaurant is children friendly.
The Golden Curry is a cheap, family-friendly Italian restaurant near The Bakers.
The Giraffe is an adults only pub serving Japanese food, located by the Thames.
The Waterman is a pub that serves Fast food. It is located in the riverside area and has an average customer rating.
The Golden Curry is kids friendly  Café Rouge near riverside serving  French food as a rating of 1 out of 5
There is an Indian food place called The Wrestlers that has a price range of less than £20. It has a low customer rating and is not family friendly.
There is a coffee shop The Golden Palace in the city centre. They serve Japanese, it is moderately priced and has low customer rating.
Clowns is a coffee shop providing Indian food It is located in the city centre. It is near Clare Hall. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
The Rice Boat is a place to eat in the high price range.  It is located near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café and has been rated 3 out of 5 by customers.
Family friendly, The Twenty Two serves Italian food.
Browns Cambridge is a winery that is cheap. It has a three star rating.
The Golden Curry is a one star restaurant not suitable for families.
The Olive Grove is located in riverside and offers Indian cuisine at less that 20 pounds. This pub is adults-only.
Fitzbillies is a one star coffee shop located north from the City Centre that is family friendly
The Plough is a cheap family restaurant located near The Bakers.
restaurant Strada has a customer Rating of 3 out of 5.
Near the Ranch there is a cheap coffee shop called Wildwood.
The Cricketers is family-friendly coffee shop with Italian food.  Located near The Portland Arms, it has a 3 out of 5 rating.
There is a high-priced English food pub in Riverside called The Olive Grove that is children friendly.
I wouldn't recommend Zizzi, the coffee shop on riverside. They're family friendly, but you usually spend around 20 euros and they have a low rating.
An affordable price point is Blue Spice in the Riverside area.
With a low customer rating the Children friendly French coffee shop in Riverside called Browns Cambridge is near Crown Plaza Hotel
The Phoenix is a 3 star restaurant located near the river.
The pub type eatery Zizzi is child friendly. It provides French food and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Mill is an Italian coffee shop in City centre, near The Sorrento, with average prices.
You can find moderate price range fast food at The Cambridge Blue, a pub found near Café Brazil.
The Phoenix is a Japanese eatery by the riverside, it has a rating of 3 out of 5.
Zizzi is a pub which provides Chinese food. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is kids friendly.
The Waterman Indian restaurant is rated 1 out of 5, moderate in price as well as kid friendly is located in city centre.
With a price range of more than £30, Loch Fyne is a fast food restaurant that is not child-friendly.
Cheap Indian food is served at The Eagle, a coffee shop with a 5 out of 5 rating. It is not family friendly and located near Burger King at the city centre.
A popular French coffee shop is Clowns in riverside near Clare Hall.
Midsummer House is a high priced English restaurant near All Bar One. It is rated 1 out of 5 by customers.
Alimentum is an Indian restaurant in riverside. It is kids friendly and the prices range from £20-25.
The Eagle serves French food and has a high customer rating.
A cheap pub for adults is Cocum which has excellent customer ratings.
Located on the riverside, The Waterman offers excellent English food for low prices.  Families with children are welcome.
Children friendly pup, The Dumpling Tree, near The Portland Arms
The Twenty Two serves Indian food, is near the city centre, and is not family friendly.
The Waterman is family friendly but only has an average customer rating.  It serves Chinese food cheaply
A pub near Café Brazil called The Cambridge Blue sells English food that costs more than £30.
Located near Clare Hall on the riverside, Bibimbap House serves fast food at mid level prices.
The Fitzbillies near the Express by Holiday Inn is not kid friendly, has a price range of 20-25, and a customer rating of 3 out of 5
There is a child friendly Japanese coffee shop named Taste of Cambridge that is located near the Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Loch Fyne is a family friendly Italian restaurant.
There is a Japanese food The Phoenix with a customer rating 1 out of 5 located in the riverside.
Fitzbillies is a family friendly coffee shop that serves Italian food in the riverside area. It has low prices and received a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Phoenix in the riverside area offers English food with an average rating.
The Alimentum is located in the city centre with English food and moderate price range. It is not kids-friendly.
If you're looking for a kid friendly venue, with a moderate price range, come see us at The Vaults for some English food.
Near Rainbow Vegetarian Café its located a Italian food restaurant called Strada
The Plough near Express by Holiday Inn is not a family friendly restaurant.
For a kid friendly restaurant with moderate prices is The Waterman restaurant.
Found near Burger King, The Eagle coffee shop provides mid-priced wine and cheese dining for the whole family.
The Plough is a low-priced pub outside the city centre near Café Rouge that offers British meals for families.
The Golden Curry is kid friendly serving English with a high customer rating located near Café Rouge in the riverside area.
Serving Chinese food, The Dumpling Tree is a restaurant with a price range between £20-25.
Alimentum is a family friendly English restaurant located near the riverside area with a cheap price range.
The Golden Curry serves Japanese food, It has a low customer rating and is not family-friendly.
The coffee shop The Cricketers is family friendly fast food place near The Portland Arms, that has a low customer rating
The Punter, a Chinese restaurant has a price range of more than 30.
There is a Cotto near Café Rouge. It is Indian.
Loch Fyne is a fine dining restaurant and is child friendly
Come to Strada near Rainbow Vegetarian Café for some cheap Japanese food. It's not family-friendly, but has a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
The Vaults is a coffee shop in the riverside area with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 where food will cost more than £30 near the Café Brazil
There is a cheap, Japanese food establishment near to the Rainbow Vegetarian Café with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 called Strada.
The Rice Boat is found near Rainbow Vegetarian Café with a price range of 20-25 Euros and a high customer rating.
Loch Fyne located near The Rice Boat at the city centre is an average rated Italian restaurant.
Loch Fyne is an average priced family friendly Indian restaurant.
Five star Browns Cambridge is a family-friendly coffee shop that offers Indian cuisine near the riverside close to the Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Located in the riverside area, The Waterman is a kid friendly Chinese restaurant with a customer rating of 1 of 5.
The Rice Boat is a fast food venue located in the riverside area of the city. It is child friendly and has a high customer rating
The Olive Grove pub located at riverside serves Italian food, is high in price range and is not children friendly
Near Rainbow Vegetarian Café, there is a kid-friendly Italian restaurant called Strada. It has a high customer rating, and is typically 20-25.
There is a family-friendly pub called Aromi located near the city centre. It has an average customer rating.
A family friendly pub, Giraffe serves fast food in the riverside area.
The Twenty Two Is a restaurant that serves Chinese food and it's kids friendly
The Golden Palace coffee Shop, near the River Cam in Cambridge, has an expensive menu of seafood and sushi.
The family-friendly restaurant The Rice Boat is located near the Express by Holiday Inn within the city centre.  It is rated low and serves French food with prices less than £20.
In the riverside area is The Twenty Two, a family friendly establishment serving Italian food.
Clowns, a decent riverside coffee shop near Clare Hall, serves Indian food.
In the riverside area is a moderately priced restaurant called Zizzi.
The Olive Grove serves Japanese food in moderate price range. It is a kids friendly pub located in the city centre.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop which serve Italian food it is located in the city centre. It is not family-friendly even with an average customer rating plus a cheap price range.
Cocum is a cheap pub that does not cater to families.
In the city center The Waterman is located. They have Italian food and a low customer rating.
in the city centre near The Portland Arms is a French serving coffee shop named Cotto, which has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 customer rating and a high price range.
The coffee shop in Riverside called Cotto has raving reviews for their cheap Italian food and coffee. We're right next to The Portland Arms.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop that offers French food with a price range less than £20 but it has a low customer rating. It is located in the city centre.
On the riverside The Dumpling Tree is a more economic family friendly coffee shop near to Café Sicilia.
Cotto Indian restaurant in Ranch is family friendly and average.
The Rice Boat is a Japanese restaurant in the riverside area, near to the Express by Holiday Inn. It is not family-friendly, has a customer rating of low and has prices in the less than  £20 bracket.
The Eagle is a high price range coffee shop in riverside near Burger King. It has low customer ratings and it is not kids friendly but they serve Italian food.
Cocum, a family friendly restaurant, boasts a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Mill is an English pub near the riverside and has a price range of £20-£25.
The Rice Boat serves French food with great reviews located in city centre and is not family-friendly.
The Rice Boat, a family friendly Japanese restaurant with an average customer rating, is located in the riverside area.
By the riverside is a pub named Clowns. The price range is above £30 and it has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Golden Curry, serves English, has a customer rating of 1 out of 5, and is children friendly.
Near Burger King in the city centre is French coffee shop The Eagle serving dishes less than £20
Aromi is an average coffee shop near the riverside, great place for the children.
Near Yippee Noodle Bar, and the river, Alimentum serves English food. They have low prices and a low customer rating.
There's a Ranch out in Cotto that is children friendly and sells really good fast food. Their customer ratings is high
There is a cheap-priced coffee shop The Eagle located in the city centre near Burger King providing 5 out of 5 Indian food and is family friendly.
The Riverside area has a family friendly restaurant called The Twenty Two. You can't miss the restaurant its right by The Rice Boat. The prices are perfect for a family.
The Plough pub, located near Café Rouge, offers fast food at low prices in a child-friendly venue.
For a quick bite to eat at an affordable price, the Wildwood is a decent establishment to try out.
Cheap Breakfast at the one star rated restaurant, The Wrestlers. No kids allowed.
Zizzi - a cheap restaurant by the riverside.
Close to Ranch is an average coffee shop, Wildwood, that serves cheap Italian food.
The Wrestlers, located next to The Bakers, is a one star sushi place that is not family friendly.
There is a reasonably priced coffee shop near to the river called The Golden Palace. They serve hot food and have a one star rating.
In the riverside area, is the fast food restaurant called The Rice Boat. It is not family-friendly and has a customer rating of average.
For a Japanese style eatery Alimentum seven moderately priced meals but does not welcome kids.
The Eagle is a coffee shop located near Burger King in the city center. They serve Japanese food with prices ranging from £20-25. They are kid friendly and have a rating of 3 out of 5.
Zizzi is a coffee show located along the riverside.  It is high end with a customer rating 1 out of 5, and is child friendly.
The Phoenix provides Indian food It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Phoenix is a restaurant in Riverside that serves high-priced Chinese food.  It has a costumer rating of 1 our of 5.
Cocum is a coffeehouse and fast food eatery that is family loving and has modest value but however has low client rating.
Green Man is a low price restaurant located in the city centre. It isn't family-friendly.
The Waterman is a French pub by the riverside with an average customer rating.
The Rice Boat is an English food restaurant.  It is located near the Express by Holiday Inn.  The price range is high.  Child friendly.  Customer rating one out of five.
There is an Italian restaurant called The Vaults, it costs above average and is kid friendly .
The Eagle is a highly rated Italian restaurant
Zizzi is a 5 out of 5 customer rated pub serving English food, it is not child friendly.
The Waterman is a highly rated, above average priced fast food establishment. It is child friendly and by the river.
If you are looking for an English-style restaurant in the city centre, The Rice Boat, near Express by Holiday Inn, is a kid-friendly restaurant with a high customer rating and average prices of 20-25.
Browns Cambridge is a family-friendly Italian coffee shop located near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city center and has good customer rating.
A family friendly venue, Cocum is a Japanese coffee shop that boasts low prices and high ratings.
The Rice Boat provides Italian food in a child friendly environment in the riverside area. The customer rating is high
In the riverside area is a coffee shop named Zizzi.  This children friendly place is  in the high price range and has a 3 out of 5 customer rating.
Located near Yippee Noodle Bar, the highly-rated pub, Strada, serves Indian food.
The Rice Boat is a family friendly Chinese restaurant in the city centre. It has an average customer rating.
In the city centre is The Waterman, a Japanese style pub
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop that serves fast food.  They are rated 1 out of 5 and are not family friendly.  They are located near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre.
The children friendly Cotto has been rated 3 out of 5. Cotto is located near Ranch, and serves Italian food.
The Rice Boat Serves Japanese  food and is located near Express by Holiday Inn in the riverside area. Rated 3 out of 5 stars, High prices and not kid friendly.
Near to Burger King in the city centre there is a highly rated coffee shop, The Eagle, which supplies Japanese refreshments for around £20 per meal. It is not child-friendly.
Near the Express by Holiday Inn is an excellent family-friendly restaurant called The Rice Boat, it is mid-priced.
Clowns is located near Café Sicilia.  It is a low- priced restaurant.
There is a highly rated coffee shop, The Cricketers, near The Portland Arms that provides Italian food and a child friendly experience.
The Wrestlers have a customer Rating of 1 out of 5 and with a moderate price Range it has Chinese food and is not kid Friendly
The Mill pub serves English food by the riverside for under £20.
Offering English food, The Eagle has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge, offers food and beverage that tastes as good as it looks.
The Yippee Noodle Bar is in the city centre near to Alimentum Fast food and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 with a high price range.
There is a coffee shop Aromi located in City Centre that is not family friendly.
The Golden Curry is a family friendly Indian restaurant with an average customer rating.
The Phoenix serves average rated Indian food in Riverside.
Loch Fyne is a low priced sushi restaurant that isn't family friendly.
Chinese restaurant, Green Man, is located in the Riverside near All Bar One. It is child friendly and you can expect to pay between £20-25.
There's a family friendly Indian restaurant with a rating of 3 out of 5 called The Golden Curry.
In the riverside area near the Avalon, Blue Spice coffee shop offers a customer rating of 5 out of 5 with a price range of more than £30. We are not children friendly.
Along riverside is the cheap Italian Blue Spice.
Blue Spice coffee shop is family friendly and  located near Avalon.
The Green Man serves Indian food. It has a price range of less than 20 pounds and is located in the city centre area, near All Bar One.
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly restaurant providing English food.  It is located on the riverside near The Sorrento.
Customer rating is 1 out of 5 for The Waterman which offers kid-friendly, moderately priced French food in the riverside area.
The Punter is a cheap place for Italian food.
The Plough is a French eatery near Café Rouge is kid friendly and affordable prices.
Cotto is a moderately priced eatery, near All Bar One, in the riverside area.
Next to the river is located a 5 star rated and highly priced family coffee shop Fitzbillies, also selling noodles and wine.
The Rice Boat is located near the Express by Holiday Inn. They have average prices, average ratings, and are family friendly.
The Vaults is an expensive restaurant that serves Italian food but is not children friendly.
The Rice Boat offers English food near Express by Holiday Inn with non kids friendly services at a moderate price range.
Yes, there in the riverside exist restaurant with provide rank 3 out of 5 with moderate price is Blue Spice
The Twenty Two is a children friendly restaurant that serves Indian food.
The lowest customer rated fast food joint down on the riverside is The Phoenix.
The Rice Boat serves Japanese food in a family friendly environment. it has a high customer rating with a cheap price range. it is located in riverside near the Express by Holiday Inn
The Rice Boat, a high-priced, well-reviewed family restaurant is a short distance from Express by Holiday Inn.
Blue Spice is on the riverside.  The average plate costs less than £20.
The Waterman is an Indian restaurant by the riverside with high reviews. It averages more than £30 and is not children friendly.
Strada provides Chinese food in the £20-25 price range. It is near Rainbow Vegetarian Café. Its customer rating is high.
The Golden Curry serves French food and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is family-friendly and is located near Café Rouge, by the river.
Browns Cambridge is a expensive low rated venue.
A children friendly coffee shop near Burger King called The Eagle, it is in the city centre and serves Italian with a price range of more than £30 with a high customer rating.
The Olive Grove is a kid friendly pub that serves Indian food in the twenty to twenty five pound range near riverside.
The Golden Curry provides Chinese food Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Golden Curry is great for fast food and you can bring your children along, located near The Bakers.
The family friendly Japanese restaurant The Golden Curry has very low customer ratings
Clowns is a coffee shop with high customer rating in riverside near Clare Hall. The restaurant serves Fast food.
The Golden Curry is low priced restaurant located in The Bakers.
The Twenty Two is a family-friendly Japanese restaurant.
The Mill is a pub Indian less than £20 in the city centre.
If you like to eat next to the river try Cotto which is an Indian-themed coffee shop near The Portland Arms.
Fitzbillies it is a  cheap coffee shop  providing Indian food . coffee shop is located in city centre .
Blue Spice is a new moderately priced restaurant serving English food located in the city centre.
The Olive Grove is a highly priced Fast food pub in riverside that is not child friendly.
The Waterman is a 5 star not so costly sushi restaurant for all the family
Strada provides family friendly food for less than £20. It is rated average by customers.
The Eagle is a one-star venue serving British cuisine that can be found near a school.
There is a pub named Giraffe that offers English food. They are family friendly and located near riverside.
Bibimbap House is a Japanese restaurant beside the river, located near Clare Hall. It has a low price range.
A moderately priced restaurant that is located in the center of the city and serves Italian food is The Phoenix. However, it has an average customer rating.
Fitzbillies is a exclusive coffee shop restaurant for the family, We have one start of experience and we are placed close to the river, around City Centre.
Near the riverside and Clare Hall, is Clowns which received 1 out of 5 stars.  It is a fast food restaurant with a coffee shop vibe.
Japanese riverside area dining, The Rice Boat is not for families and is rated 5 out of 5.
The Italian pub named Strada has an average customer rating. It is near Yippee Noodle Bar.
There is a kid friendly place called The Waterman that has Italian food, it is high rated by its customers, and it is averagely priced. The Waterman is located in Riverside.
The Mill is pub by the riverside serves Italian food at moderate prices.
The Rice Boat is a restaurant that specialises in Indian cuisine. It is located by the Riverside.  Unfortunately it is not very family friendly and because of this is rated as an average Indian restaurant.
There is a French coffee shop near The Portland Arms in the riverside area called Cotto. It has a high price range and a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Located in the riverside area is the family friendly coffee shop Fitzbillies which serves cheap food. It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Clowns is a well rated pub located in the city area with affordable prices.
The Golden Curry is a family friendly restaurant that serves Fast food but has a low customer rating.
There is an expensive coffee shop Cocum that provides French. It is children friendly but has a low customer rating.
Strada is an Indian in the cheaper price range. It is located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
The Waterman is a pub that serves Italian food.  It is located near the riverside and has a high customer rating.
The Rice Boat provides Chinese food in the less than £20 price range. It is located in the riverside. It is near Express by Holiday Inn. Its customer rating is low.
Wildwood is a coffee shop with a moderate price range and a customer rating of 3 out of 5 stars. It also offers fast food and is moderately priced. It is near Ranch.
There is a low customer rating family-friendly Japanese restaurant in Riverside near Café Rouge named The Golden Curry.
The Fitzbillies is a moderate priced sushi bar located near The Six Bells.
The Mill is a pub that serves Japanese food for less than £20. It is in the riverside area
The Eagle is a French coffee shop with moderate pricing located in riverside near Burger King.
The Waterman providing English food. £20-25 price range, kids friendly and high costumer rating.
The Olive Grove is a children friendly English pub by the riverside. It has high prices.
The Golden Palace is a low priced, low rated Japanese restaurant and coffee shop located in the city centre.
Fast food coffee shop, Browns Cambridge, boasts a 5 out of 5 customer rating and offers a family friendly environment on the riverside, near the Crowne Plaza Hotel
The Eagle a family fast food coffee shop in the more than £30 range is located in Riverside near Burger King.
Browns Cambridge is a place located in Cambridge providing French food.
In the city centre there is a kid friendly moderately priced Indian restaurant called Alimentum.
Zizzi, a highly-rated coffee shop in the riverside area, has a £30 price range and kid-friendly environment.
There is a French restaurant in city centre near Yippee Noodle Bar. Alimentum is inexpensive and poorly rated.
Fitzbillies is non-family friendly, Indian coffee shop in the city centre area. It is of a high price range with a low customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Punter is a low to mid price sushi restaurant.
Family friendly, The Waterman near Crown Plaza Hotel serves fast food.
The Plough is near Café Rouge, it is a high priced family friendly pub.
The Wrestlers sells Indian food, price range more than 30, high customer service rating, not child friendly
The Rice Boat restaurant offers English food at cheap prices, located in the town by Express by Holiday Inn rated 5.
Strada has a rating of 1 out of 5 with a moderate price.
Bibimbap House, in the riverside area, near Clare Hall,is a fast food restaurant with a price range less than L20.
The Twenty Two is located in riverside and is open to customers of all ages who are looking to enjoy Indian cuisine.
The Waterman is an Italian near Crowne Plaza Hotel and is a family friendly place
Blue Spice is a family friendly coffee Shop located near Avalon in the Riverside area of the town.  It has a low customer rating with the price range being less than £20.
For Chinese food that are in the price range of £20-25 is Fitzbillies.  Located near The Six Bells.
Cocum is a children friendly pub with a high customer rating and a price of more than £30 per head.
The Golden Curry is a kid-friendly, moderately priced French eatery near The Bakers.
Cocum is a average family friendly restaurant.
If you're staying at the Express by Holiday Inn, The Rice Boat offers a kid-friendly fast food experience with high customer ratings and prices ranging from £20-25.
The Dumpling Tree, located near The Portland Arms, offers Indian food and a child-friendly environment
In riverside area you can get cheap fast food in Blue Spice.
A Japanese restaurant, The Dumpling Tree, starts at £30 for a meal.
Blue Spice has a customer rating 1 out of 5 and a moderate price range.
The Olive Grove pub, serves expensive Indian food around the centre of the city. Unfortunately they do not cater for children.
By the riverside area  is The Eagle. The Eagle is in the moderate price range and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5
The Rice Boat in Riverside near Loch Fyne has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 serves French food.
There is a child friendly eatery named Cotto that serves Chinese food and has average customer ratings. It is located near the Ranch.
The Cricketers coffee shop and Indian food place is near The Portland Arms, with a high customer rating. Kids welcome.
A fast food restaurant that is a child friendly, is near Rainbow Vegetarian Café, and has a price range more than £30 is Strada.
In the city centre there is a moderately priced coffee shop called The Golden Palace which serves Italian food. Customers have given it a rating of 1 out of 5.
While the rating for this location is low, the price is than £20.  You will be dining at Italian restaurants.  The location is The Rice Boat which is near Express by Holiday Inn.  Yes, it is family friendly.
Alimentum can be found in the Japanese restaurant that is kid friendly. Prices range from £20-25.
With a price range of more than 30 there is a restaurant called The Golden Palace.
Highly rated The Eagle serves French food in the city centre.
There is a pub called Taste of Cambridge in Riverside near The Sorrento that is kid-friendly.
Near the city center is a family friendly restaurant named Fitzbillies. It serves Indian food in the low price range. It has an average customer rating.
There is a high-priced coffee shop near Express by Holiday Inn, The Rice Boat, that provides low quality coffee drinks. It is opened to all age groups.
There is a highly rated expensive restaurant Browns Cambridge.
The Dumpling Tree is a pub that provides Chinese food It is near The Portland Arms.
Browns Cambridge is a Chinese restaurant located near The Sorrento in the riverside area. It is adults only.
Midsummer House is an Italian restaurant located near Café Rouge. It has received average reviews.
Blue Spice is child friendly in the area of city centre, with a low customer rating the price range is more than £30.
If you like highly rated Italian restaurants and are looking for something near Café Rouge, Midsummer House is an excellent choice.
Browns Cambridge serves Italian food. It has a price range of more than thirty pounds and comes with a high customer rating.
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly Italian coffee shop located near Crowne Plaza Hotel on the riverside.  Customers find the shop to be average.
Cocum is a coffee ship which provides Japanese food. It is family friendly and has a price range of less than £20; it has low customer rating.
In the riverside area, The Rice Boat is a family-friendly Indian place with average food.
A kid friendly restaurant that ranges in price from £20-25 is the Travellers Rest Beefeater.
There is a highly rated coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area called Browns Cambridge. It serves Japanese food, and is child friendly. The customer rating is 5 out of 5.
There is a moderately priced coffee shop named The Wrestlers that serves fast food.  The Wrestlers is Kid Friendly and is near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre.
The Waterman is not family-friendly, but it is a cheap Italian restaurant on the riverside that was given a rating of 5 out of 5.
Rated 3 out of 5, The Clowns is a moderately priced pub in the Riverside area.
Loch Fyne is a fast food place in Riverside near The Rice Boat that has a 1 out of 5 customer rating.
The Cambridge Blue is a 5 out of 5 rated French restaurant
Come to Clowns, for cheap pub food. On the riverside, 5 out of 5
The Eagle is a low priced non kid-friendly Indian pub which has a 3 star rating, and is located near the riverside.
Cheap but good. Browns Cambridge offers an affordable Chinese food option with average reviews.
The Wrestlers serves Indian food, 30 or more price range, high customer service,  not kid friendly
The Eagle is an amazing Indian coffee shop near the riverside. You can expect to spend 20 pounds or so, and there really isn't much for the kiddos. If you have trouble finding it, it's near Burger King.
Strada is an Indian pub near the Yippee Noodle Bar. It has low customer ratings.
The family friendly Browns Cambridge is an Indian restaurant in the city centre near The Sorrento.
I know of a place called The Vaults, its great food for a great price, family friendly atmosphere.
Fitzbillies is a French restaurant near The Six Bells.
Giraffe is a pub providing Indian food. It is based in riverside and is kid friendly.
The Golden Curry is a one star, family friendly restaurant near to Café Rouge in the City centre down by the river.
Welcome to The Eagle.  We serve Japanese food and our price range is less than 20 pounds. We are a coffee shop and are family-friendly. We are located in the city centre near Burger King.
The Waterman is an inexpensive family friendly, Italian restaurant located on the river.
Located in the centre of the city, close to Raja Indian Cuisine, The Wrestlers is a coffee shop offering Italian food.
Taste of Cambridge is a children friendly coffee shop which serves Italian food,  and is located near the Crowne Plaza Hotel by the riverside.
A non-family friendly Indian restaurant that is moderately priced in  Riverside is called Alimentum.
The Vaults, near Café Brazil in the riverside district, is considered a high priced coffee shop. Yet, it still gets good rating from its customers, a 3 out of 5 would highly recommended it to their friends and family.
The Eagle is a Japanese coffee shop near Burger King in the riverside area. It has a 5 out of 5 customer rating, cheap food and isn't family-friendly.
The Waterman is a restaurant providing Indian deliveries over 30.£  It is highly rated, great for children and is located in Riverside.
The Mill is a  less than £20 pub that delivers Italian food. It is located in the city centre near of The Sorrento.
Loch Fyne is an English restaurant that is also kid friendly.
The Twenty Two offers family friendly Italian dining.
The Eagle is an Italian restaurant with an average customer rating.
Fitzbillies is kid in the high price range with a customer rating of three out of five. It's located near Express by Holiday Inn and is not children friendly.
The Eagle is a coffee shop serving Japanese food found in the city centre close to Burger King. It is quite expensive but it does have good reviews. Families are not welcome.
For cheap Italian options with a low customer rating, look no further than Midsummer House near All Bar One.
The Golden Curry is a family friendly fast food restaurant. It is near The Bakers and costs about less than 20 pounds.
The Olive Grove is a pub that provides Indian food in the more than £30 price range. It is located in the riverside.
In the Riverside area you can find a children friendly, pub type eatery that offers Japanese cuisine.  This business has a high price range and is called The Olive Grove.
The Mill is a moderately-priced English pub located next to the riverside.
The Waterman pub provides fast food with a low customer rating near the riverside area
In the riverside area is a pub, The Waterman,  with a customer Rating of 3 out of 5 that serves English food.
Despite the low customer rating, try Loch Fyne on the riverside near The Rice Boat for some English Food.
North of the City centre, a sushi restaurant, the Alimentum offers a family friendly atmosphere.
Try The Golden Curry for a family-friendly French restaurant in the city centre. They're near Café Rouge and have a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
If you're looking for a family friendly coffee shop that serves fast food, you can go to Fitzbillies. The food is cheap, it's rated 5 out of 5 by customers, and it's located by the riverside.
For Japanese food costing less than £20, go to Blue Spice in riverside.
Browns Cambridge is a child friendly Japanese restaurant that is located at the riverside near The Sorrento.
Green Man is a high price range restaurant serving English food in the Riverside area. It is near the All Bar One and is not child friendly.
In the city centre is located a coffee shop named Fitzbillies that offers Fast Food with a cheap price range. It has a customer rating 5 out of 5, there is no family area.
The Rice Boat is a low-rating Indian restaurant in the Riverside area.
In the riverside are near Express by Holiday Inn, is the family friendly cheap Fast food outlet called The Rice Boat. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
If you like Japanese food, try The Vaults.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop serving cheap food in the riverside area. It is family friendly and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
coffee shop which is children Friendly with customer rating of 5 out of 5 is The Cricketers serving French food located near The Portland Arms
Pasta at the Midsummer House located near the All Bar One.
The Waterman is a fast food outlet for families locates by the river.
Cotto is a  low priced Italian coffee shop place with a 1 out of 5 rating  in the city centre near The Portland Arms.
The Rice Boat provides Indian food It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing food in the low range price.  It is family friendly and is located near Burger King.
Aromi is a coffee shop that provides French food located in riverside. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5 and it is not family-friendly.
Alimentum is a fast food restaurant located in the city centre, near to Yippee Noodle Bar. It is cheap and has an average customer rating.
The Punter is a 1 star, family friendly coffee shop providing Japanese food, it its in the low priced market. It is located close to Café Sicilia.
Aromi, which is not family-friendly, is a low rated French coffee shop at the riverside.
If you are looking for a kids friendly place then Cotto is the place to go near Ranch it serves English food although has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Phoenix, in City centre, has moderately priced English food. It has a 3 out of 5 rating.
Bibimbap House is a Italian food. It located near riverside near Clare Hall. The price range is high.
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing Indian food in the more than £30 price range. It is located in the city centre. It is near Burger King. Its customer rating is high.
There is a Japanese restaurant named Aromi in the Riverside area.
Wildwood is a pub  with high prices, but with delicious food.
There is a highly rated Italian style coffee shop with prices above 30 pounds named The Eagle.  It is near Burger King in the city centre.  It is not child friendly.
The Cambridge Blue is a cheap, Italian pub near Café Brazil.
Alimentum, located in the city centre, has average prices, serves English food, and is child friendly.
The Dumpling Tree, a restaurant provides fast food at a moderate price.
Cotto is a Chinese restaurant with a high customer rating, it is kid friendly, and is near Ranch.
Alimentum is a moderately priced Japanese establishment in the Riverside area. It is child friendly.
The Twenty Two offers Fast Food. It is located in the city centre and there is no family area.
The customer rating of The Golden Palace riverside restaurant is average.
Strada is and average family-friendly restaurant that offers cheap fast food. It is near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
The Dumpling Tree is a restaurant that offers inexpensive food and drink.
Browns Cambridge customer rating is high. Their prices are £20-25.
The kid friendly and highly rated The Wrestlers provides Chinese food that has an average price range.
Loch Fyne fast food in riverside has a high customer rating a great place to eat. Near The Rice Boat.
Browns Cambridge provides take away as well as  stay in dining.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is located by the river near Café Adriatic. It has a high price range and a three star rating.
The Golden Curry is a children friendly Chinese restaurant with a high customer rating.
Good value, Italian food at Bibimbap House, near Clare Hall in the riverside area.
There is a Japanese restaurant called The Cambridge Blue. It has a low customer rating.
A family friendly pub is the Taste of Cambridge and it is near The Sorrento in riverside.
A nice kid friendly coffee shop near Avalon, is Blue Spice. The coffee place has moderate prices and a lovely riverside location. Overall I give it 1 out of 5 stars, mostly due to personal issues.
The Phoenix does not have very good reviews.
The Dumpling Tree is a restaurant that sells high priced English food
Fitzbillies is located near The Six Bells serving Japanese food at cheap price
The Plough is a pub providing Chinese food for less than £20. It is a family friendly environment located near Café Rouge.
The Vaults is a family friendly French food establishment with an average price range.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that serves Indian food for a cheap price. Fitzbillies has an average customer rating and they are located in the center of the city, and they are not family friendly.
Bibimbap House has a price range of less then 20 dollars. They serve French food. Located near Clare Hall in the city centre area.
In the city centre there's a restaurant priced less than £20 called Zizzi.
The Wrestlers is a low-priced coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine that provides pasta.
The Eagle has a 1 out of 5 customer rating and serves Indian food.
Cotto is average priced coffee shop with average customer rating. It is located in The Portland Arms.
A family friendly place, Strada is on the riverside. It has an average customer rating.
Strada is a Japanese restaurant located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café, has a high price range, was rated 3 out of 5 by customers, and is child-friendly.
An average priced take-away on the riverside is Blue Spice.
Strada has a cheap price range located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café with a customer rating of 5 out of 5. French food, not family-friendly.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop serving Indian food at a price range of over £30. It is on the riverside, is child-friendly and is near Raja Indian Cuisine.
If you are looking for a cheap family, friendly restaurant, The Waterman is the place for you.
There is a child friendly restaurant.  It is named Wildwood.
Near Café Rouge is an Indian restaurant with average customer ratings, called Midsummer House.
The Browns Cambridge is yes with French near The Sorrento at riverside
French food is not family-friendly. It is named Strada, with a cheap price range near Rainbow Vegetarian Café with a customer rating 5 out of 5.
Alimentum is a higher priced French restaurant with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.  It is located in the riverside area near Yippee Noodle Bar.
Alimentum provides Chinese food in the cheap price range. It is located in the riverside.
The Cambridge Blue restaurant features Indian food and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Clowns is a well rated pub with affordable prices, located in the city area.
Green Man in riverside is located near All Bar One. Expensive place to take the family to enjoy highly recommended English cuisine.
The Rainbow Vegetarian Café is an average priced restaurant near Strada that serves Italian food. It is rated highly by customers but it is not kids-friendly.
There is a French coffee shop called The Mill that is average price range is £20-25. The Mill is located near The Sorrento in Riverside.
In the city centre there is moderate priced Indian restaurant called The Phoenix is has an average rating.
The Golden Curry serves Japanese food and is located near Café Rouge in the city centre. It has a low customer rating and is not family-friendly.
Zizzi is a fast food pub. It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and is kid friendly.
Browns Cambridge is an average rated coffee shop providing Italian food. It is located in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel but is is not family-friendly.
Come try our new coffee shop The Vaults, located near Café Brazil. We have high customer ratings and prices ranging from 20-25. This beautiful riverside eatery will surely be a favorite.
The Rice Boat, Indian restaurant,  riverside area, near Express by Holiday Inn, prices from £20-25, high customer rating
Serving French food in the riverside area is the Blue Spice which is in the £20 and lower price range.
There is an Italian restaurant called The Vaults.
Zizzi is a moderate price range restaurant located in city centre.
English food is served by The Phoenix by the riverside.
Mediocre Browns Cambridge is a fast, family-friendly coffee shop new Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre.
Aromi is a family friendly pub near the riverside which has a low consumer rating.
Located near All Bar One in the city centre, Green Man is a moderately priced, family-friendly Japanese restaurant.
Loch Fyne is a kids friendly Fast food restaurant.
The Golden Curry is in the city centre, it serves English food, is adult only, has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 and is near the Café Rouge.
Located  near The Bakers you will find The Golden Curry  offering Indian food. They are price ranged less than £20-25 and are kids friendly.
A low-rated French restaurant, The Wrestlers has a price of only £20 a person.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop with French food. It has a 1-5 customer rating, and is kid friendly. It is in the area of riverside and near Crown Plaza Hotel.
The Waterman sells Indian food and is located in the riverside area. It is not children friendly. Although the price range is usually more than £30, customer rating for The Waterman is high.
English food is offered at The Eagle, with a 1 out of 5 customer rating.
Check out The Cricketers, coffee shop near The Portland Arms. Drop by with the family to enjoy high quality Japanese food.
The Rice Boat in Riverside  rating of 5 out of 5, serves Italian food and is family friendly.
A decent French restaurant near Café Rouge is Midsummer House.
The Golden Palace is a restaurant that is cheaply priced.
Kids-friendly, The Golden Curry, situated near Café Rouge with a riverside location serving French food with a customer rating of 1 out of  5
The Mill is a pub that serves Italian food for less than £20. It is located at the city centre.
Cotto is a coffee shop in the average price range.  It is located near The Portland Arms.
The Bibimbap House serves moderately priced Chinese food located near the city centre and the Clare Hall
Cotto near Ranch is a highly-rated child-friendly Italian restaurant.
A coffee shop in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel is Browns Cambridge.  They are rated 1 out of 5.  They serve fast food and are not family friendly.
Riverside pub, The Mill offers high priced fast food.
The Vaults serves Indian food with a price range of £20-25 and is kid friendly.
The Waterman is a French pub with a low customer rating located in riverside.
Taste of Cambridge is a children friendly Italian coffee shop along the riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
The Loch Fyne is a relatively cheap family friendly restaurant that serves Italian food.
Blue Spice provides Indian food in the moderate price range. It is located in the city centre.
A Chinese restaurant with cheap food and an average customer rating called Alimentum is located near the Yippee Noodle Bar in the riverside area.
In Riverside, there is an expensive Japanese restaurant named The Phoenix with a high customer rating.
The Golden Palace coffee shop offers burgers and fries. It has a low-priced menu.
Blue Spice is a coffee shop with a high customer rating near Avalon. The price range is more then £30 and it is a family friendly environment. they are located in the riverside area.
Unfortunately, The Rice Boat, though family-friendly, is a low-rating, Italian restaurant in city center.
In the center of the city there is a family-friendly restaurant named The Olive Grove.
There is an Italian restaurant near Express by Holiday Inn in the city centre with a high customer rating. It's called The Rice Boat and is not kids friendly and will cost in the range of £20-25.
Fitzbillies is a Japanese coffee shop located in the city centre. It is cheap, family-friendly, and has been rated by its customers as a 5 out of 5.
For a pub serving Italian food that is kid-friendly, visit Giraffe in riverside.
Clowns friends ain't cheap at Café Sicilia.
Zizzi is not a family friendly pub that serves Indian food for a average price.
At a 5 out of 5 customer rating in the city centre, Alimentum near Yippee Noodle Bar sells English food at cheap prices
Family friendly and inexpensive place to eat burgers and fires, The Golden Curry. It is near to The Bakers.
The Twenty Two near The Rice Boat along the riverside, has a price of more then 30 euros, and is not children friendly however has high ratings at 5 of 5 with customer ratings.
on Loch Fyne there is a kid friendly Italian restaurant with moderate prices.
Near Crowne Plaza Hotel is The Waterman. It serves fast food and is family friendly.
In the riverside area, head to Cotto, a coffee shop serving Japanese food rated 5 out of 5 by customers. Prices are low, and it is near The Portland Arms.
The Twenty Two kid friendly restaurant serves English food its located by the riverside.
There is an average customer rating cheap pub in the city Wildwood and they serve Japanese food.
Wildwood is a fast food pub with medium pricing and is also rated as a 3 star restaurant
In the city centre there is an expensive fast food pub called The Mill.
Located in the centre of the city near The Rice Boat is Loch Fyne. It provides English food and has an average customer rating.
There is a family friendly Chinese restaurant in the moderate price range with 3 out of 5 rating, called The Wrestlers.
Green Man is an Indian restaurant in the city centre. It is inexpensive and is not family friendly. It is near All Bar One.
out of 5 English  moderate in Browns Cambridge
Zizzi is a pub with Indian food, has a high customer Rating and is kid Friendly.
The Phoenix provides Indian food in the cheap price range. It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is average.
The Eagle is a coffee shop that offers Indian food. Its prices are more than £30 but it has a high customer rating. It is located in the city centre near Burger King and it is children Friendly
Strada is  a cheap, family friendly restaurant serving English food.  It has a low customer rating and is near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
Cotto is a restaurant that provide Japanese food. This site is for children, is very friendly, and the customer rating have a range 3 out of 5. Cotto is located near Ranch city.
The Rice Boat serves mid-priced American food. It is located near Express by Holiday Inn.
Browns Cambridge offers average fast food in an average price range.
Strada is a low rated, family friendly, medium  cost restaurant near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
Aromi is a fast food restaurant by the riverside
Green Man serves fast food and is located near All Bar One in the city center.  It is family-friendly and is low priced.
The Dumpling Tree is an Italian restaurant with low prices.
Midsummer House, providing 1 star value meals close to All Bar One.
There is a high pried restaurant called The Wrestlers with 1 out of 5 customer rating that provides English food.
The Olive Grove is a pub within the city centre that serves Indian food. The pub is children friendly and within the high price range.
The Waterman is a non child friendly restaurant that sells French food for those with a price range of 30 euros or more. It is located in Riverside and has a low customer rating.
High prices and average customer rating can be found at Clowns in Riverside.
Come try the Green Man. It is located on the riverside near All Bar One. They sell moderately priced French food, and there are no kids allowed.
Near the Ranch you will find the averagely rated Cotto. It serves English food and children are welcome.
Browns Cambridge providing French food. It is located in riverside area near The Sorrento.
A coffee shop near Café Sicilia in the riverside area is The Dumpling Tree. It is low priced and family friendly.
Customers love the new coffee shop named Zizzi, it is kids friendly, has a nice price range of 20-25£ and is located on the riverside.
Cocum is a coffee shop that serves Indian cuisine. It is not kid-friendly, has mediocre ratings and is pricey.
Blue Spice is a moderately priced restaurant in riverside. It has high customer ratings and it is not kids friendly.
Giraffe is a restaurant near The Six Bells with a price range of £20-25.
There is a average -priced restaurant The Waterman located in the city centre that provides Fast food with high customer rating. It is no kids friendly.
The Dumpling Tree is a coffee shop in the riverside area. It is not family-friendly and it is near Café Sicilia.
In the riverside area near Express by Holiday Inn, there is a family friendly  place serving cheap Italian food called The Rice Boat which has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
With a 3 out of 5 rating and a kid friendly atmosphere and moderate price range the Fast food restaurant Strada is located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
Located in riverside The Blue Spice serves Chinese food in the price range of £20-25.
The Taste of Cambridge is a coffee shop with Japanese food and is near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop near to Raja Indian Cuisine that is child-friendly. It has a high price range but is located in riverside
Loch Fyne restaurant offers a great family atmosphere.
The Golden Curry is a fast-food place in the riverside area near Café Rouge. It has an average customer rating and is not family-friendly.
The Browns Cambridge coffee shop is for the whole family and serves Japanese style food. It is in the City center. close to the Crown Plaza Hotel.
There is a cheap pub in the Riverside area that offers family friendly French food called The Olive Grove.
Alimentum located in City Centre is a family restaurant.
Near The Six Bells is a high priced establishment called Fitzbillies that serves Chinese food.
The Wrestlers is a cheap English restaurant. Although it  is not family-friendly, it receives high ratings from customers.
There is a 1-star cheap coffee shop The Eagle located beside Burger King that provides fast food. Families are welcomed there.
The Wrestlers is a cheap family friendly sushi restaurant.
Located by the riverside, The Phoenix provides cheap fast food and has been rated average.
Loch Fyne serves Chinese cuisine at a well-respected restaurant near The Rice Boat in Cambridge's city centre.
Fitzbillies is a highly priced coffee shop in the city centre. It is not a child friendly place and has average customer ratings.
Zizzi is an affordable restaurant located in riverside.
The Waterman in the riverside area is kid friendly and serves moderately priced English food. Diners give it a 3 out of 5 rating.
The Eagle which serves Japanese food has a low customer rating
The Golden Palace coffee shop has a high price range and serves Italian food. It has a three star rating.
Wildwood is a coffee shop that serves burgers, has 1 star, and is high-priced. It is located near Ranch.
A restaurant with food over £30 is The Travellers Rest Beefeater.
Given a 5 out of 5 rating by customers The Punter is located near Café Sicilia. This cheap, family friendly coffee shop also serves Indian cuisine.
The Plough pub is kid friendly and serves moderately priced English food.  It is near Café Rouge.
Cocum is a kids-friendly coffee shop providing moderately priced Italian food. Customers rate it 1 out of 5..
The Eagle is rated at 5 out of 5. It is situated in the area of Riverside, slightly expensive prices are £30.00 or more.
Green Man is an averagely priced Indian located near All Bar One.
The Punter, near Café Sicilia, is a kid friendly coffee shop.  It serves Japanese food with a price range of L20-25 and has a high customer rating.
The Zizzi is a restaurant in the riverside area and is moderately priced.
The Dumpling Tree is a restaurant providing Chinese food in the low price range.
The Alimentum at Riverside near Yippee Noodle Bar serves fast food at moderate prices with a customer rating of 1 out of 5
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop serving wine and hors d'oeuvre.  They are located along the riverside near the Crown Plaza Hotel and have a one-star rating.
An English restaurant with a cheap menu is called The Dumpling Tree.
The Vaults is a children friendly French food place with prices starting at £30
Express by Holiday Inn is a cheap restaurant located in Fitzbillies  the centre of the city that provides take-away deliveries. Customer rating 5 out of 5
There is a children friendly coffee shop near Avalon in Riverside called Blue Spice. Their customer rating is high with the price range more than £30
Near All Bar One in the riverside area is the Green Man serving cheap Italian food in a family friendly environment.
The Vaults is a coffee shop in the riverside area, near Café Brazil. It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5, and has a moderate price range.
Browns Cambridge serves Japanese food, is kid friendly and located near The Sorrento at the riverside.
Blue Spice is a high cost venue located in riverside
Browns Cambridge is located in riverside near The Sorrento, providing English food.
In the city center you can find The Twenty Two serving Indian food.  They are not family oriented.
The Cricketers is a Italian coffee shop located near The Portland Arms. It's kids-friendly. Customer rated it 3 out of 5.
Strada a restaurant with a high customer rating
Alimentum is a restaurant offering Japanese food near Yippee Noodle Bar in Riverside. They have a rating of 3 out of 5 and are in the higher price range.
The Twenty Two is Italian Food located in the city centre.  It is a family-friendly place.
Cotto is a low priced restaurant near All Bar One at the riverside.
The Punter is a coffee shop serving Indian food near Café Sicilia. It is children-friendly, in the high price range and has a low customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Punter is a non family friendly coffee shop serving Indian food for less than £20 near Café Sicilia. It has received low customer ratings.
The Eagle is a non children friendly Japanese coffee shop located in the city near Burger King with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and high price range.
The Olive Grove is a restaurant located in the city centre area. It is not family-friendly.
The Vaults is a low-priced coffee shop in the city centre near Café Brazil that delivers take-away excellent ratings
Near Yippee Noodle Bar, there is a Pub, called Strada, that's fast food, with a customer rating 5 out of 5.
There is a moderately priced Italian restaurant  near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café called the Strada. It is not suitable for children and has an average customer rating.
Wildwood coffee shop serves cheap Indian food. It is located near Ranch and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Blue Spice is by the riverside and serves English food at a moderate price range.
The Eagle is a coffee shop type Italian restaurant in the moderate price range with kids friendly atmosphere. It is located in the city centre near Burger King with a customer rating 1 out of 5.
Aromi is a family-friendly Italian coffee shop located in the city centre. It has a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
Giraffe is a family friendly pub serving English food in the riverside area.
Highly recommended Italian food can be found in the city centre at The Phoenix from £30.
Midsummer House offers Japanese cuisine for more than 30 euros. They have an outstanding customer rating of 5 out of 5. Located near All Bar One.
There is a high-priced children friendly restaurant called Green Man located near All Bar One in the city centre area.
The Twenty Two is not family-friendly even though it serves Italian food. It is located in the city centre area.
A fast food place named The Twenty Two is family-friendly and around the city center.
The Golden Curry, near Café Rouge in City centre, has fast food with  a low rating.  It is not family friendly.
The Golden Curry is high rated kids friendly and serves Italian food.
Zizzi is a family-Friendly pub fast food of average customer rating
Midsummer House is a five star cheese and wine restaurant in the medium price range. It is located near All Bar One.
The Rice Boat is a place offering Chinese food. They are located riverside with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and are kids friendly.
There is a family friendly coffee shop Browns Cambridge located in City Centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
The Rice Boat, located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café, is a high priced restaurant.
Strada serves Indian food near Rainbow Vegetarian Café. They have a above average price, are not kid friendly, and sit with a 3 out of 5 rating.
The Mill serves Japanese food. It is a pub on the riverside and the price range is less than 20.
The Punter kids eating Italian food at coffee shop near Café Sicilia moderate.
Strada offers Chinese food with a price range of more than £30. The customer rating is high; however, Strada is not children friendly. Strada is near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
Alimentum is a moderately priced kid friendly English restaurant, located in the city centre.
the Chinese place that is child friendly near Ranch called Cotto has a rating 1 out of 5
The Dumpling Tree is a fairly priced Japanese restaurant
The Cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop that serves Italian food.  It is located near The Portland Arms and has been rated 1 out of 5 by customers.
The Vaults is a Average rated coffee shop with medium prices. They are located near Café Brazil.
Giraffe is a restaurant near The Six Bells with a high price range.
There is a child friendly pub, which an average customer rating which serves English food named Zizzi.
The Eagle is a cheap family friendly coffee shop that offers Italian food and is located next to the Burger King.
The Eagle serves Chinese food and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Eagle Shop and Burger King is a fast food restaurant are located north of the City center.
a good Fast food place is Fitzbillies is near The Six Bells with prices more than  £30
Fitzbillies is located near Express by Holiday Inn. Priced less than £20. Low ratings and not kid friendly.
Browns Cambridge provides Chinese food in the moderate price range. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a exclusive coffee shop restaurant for the family, We have one start of experience and we are placed close to the river, around City Centre. Visit us.
The Bibimbap House is located near the Clare Hall and it is moderately expensive.
Cocum is a pub with a price range of less than 20 Euros. It has a low customer rating and is family friendly.
There is a cheap and average rated coffee shop close to Café Brazil on the riverside. It is called The Vaults.
Fitzbillies is not very expensive super market, located next to The Six Bells.
Alimentum. a 3 stars rated Italian restaurant offering good food at great price. Located in Riverside near Yippee Noodle Bar.
The Rice Boat is a French restaurant near Express by Holiday Inn in the city centre. It has a high customer rating at prices range from £20-25, but it is not kid friendly.
Near Yippee Noodle Bar is the Strada pub.  It serves Indian food and is given a 3 out of 5 rating.
The Golden Palace coffee Shop. It is located in riverside area. High price range and have 3 out of 5 costumer rating.
The Fast food pub, Wildwood offers cheap food, with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Vaults is a cheap, family friendly restaurant serving Italian food.
It is not recommended that you eat at The Golden Curry where they have Italian food for the entire family.
The Cambridge Blue is low-rated fast food restaurant.
English food is served at The Phoenix. It has a high customer rating and is in the riverside area.
Aromi is a Chinese restaurant in the city centre.
Cocum is a coffee shop which offers the theme of French food for less than £20. Although the rating is average and it is not family-friendly it is a good place to go enjoy a coffee.
Loch Fyne provides top rated Italian at riverside, over by The Rice Boat.
Cotto, near The Portland Arms in the city centre, is a French coffee shop with a customer rating of 3 out 5. its prices fall within the £20-25 mark.
The Rice Boat is a cheap 5 out of 5 rating  family-friendly restaurant in the city center near Express by Holiday Inn.
Alimentum is a French restaurant providing food in the £20-25 price range. It is located in the city center, near Yippee Noodle Bar, and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
A moderately priced fast food pub near the city centre with a kid friendly environment is The Olive Grove.
Alimentum is a Chinese restaurant near the city centre. It is not kid friendly and has a moderate price range.
The Phoenix is moderate price range English food restaurant situated in city center with customer rating 3 out of 5.
Blue Spice in Riverside has a moderate price Range.
Cocum is child friendly. Their rating is low. The restaurant is a pub and prices are more than £30.
Near to Café Sicilia is The Twenty Two pub which holds a low customer rating.
Giraffe near The Bakers is a children friendly coffee shop. It has a high price range and a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Phoenix provides Indian food with price ranges from £20-25 with a high customer rating in the centre of the city.
If you are looking for a restaurant with a low costumer rating, go to the city center to The Eagle and pay more than £30.
Near The Rainbow Vegetarian Café,with a high customer rating the Strada is kids friendly serving Italian food priced at £20-£25
The French restaurant, Strada, near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café, has high prices, a low customer rating, and is not family-friendly.
The Waterman by the riverside sells English food and is child friendly. It has a high customer rating and prices are typically between £20-25.
It is not a family-friendly place, but Alimentum, in City centre,  has English food with low pricing.
The Golden Palace, is high customer rated coffee shop  located within the City Centre that serves high customer rated Indian food.
Strada is a children friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. They offer Chinese food at a high price range and located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
Strada provides Chinese food at £20-25 prince range, high customer rating. Kids are friendly. Locate near to Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
High price range and children friendly place called The Golden Curry, near The Bakers, serves Fast food.
Browns Cambridge customer ratings are average although their price range is higher.
Loch Fyne is a restaurant with moderate prices. It's food is kids friendly
The Rice Boat is a kid-friendly Italian restaurant in a Riverside area. It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
If you are looking for higher priced fast food in a child friendly environment, consider The Wrestlers coffee shop. Located in the riverside area, near Raja Indian Cuisine.
Zizzi is a pub serving Italian food for adults and has a low rating.
Giraffe is an Indian pub which is kids friendly and located in the riverside area.
There is a cheap Indian restaurant Alimentum  located near Yippee Noodle Bar in the City Centre. It has an average customer rating.
The Golden Curry provides Indian food It is located in the riverside. It is near Café Rouge. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge has a price range that is less than £20. It has a low customer rating.
The Cambridge Blue is a Chinese restaurant. Currently with a low customer rating.
There is a Chinese restaurant that is called The Punter that has a price range of more than 30.
A non child friendly coffee shop with a 1 out of 5 customer rating is Cocum. They serve Italian, and have a high price range.
Cocum is non-family-friendly restaurant with a low customer rating.
Loch Fyne is a Fast food restaurant in Riverside near The Rice Boat. Customers give it 3 stars out of 5.
The city centre hosts a Japanese coffee shop called Fitzbillies. They are kid friendly, moderately priced and named Fitzbillies.
In the riverside area, near Avalon, is a kid friendly coffee shop, with a 3 out of 5 customer rating and a price range of 20-25 pounds.  It is called Blue Spice.
The Olive Grove serves English food in a pub style.
Below £20 you can have a meal in a family-friendly restaurant in riverside. Just come and visit Blue Spice and see for yourself.
The Twenty Two is around riverside near The Rice Boat. It is child friendly, costly and has an average rating.
Browns Cambridge  is a low price restaurant that serves Japanese food
There is a restaurant that offers Japanese foods in the Riverside area. Its name is Blue Spice and it offers food generally within the £20-25 range.
The Waterman serves cheap French food. It is situated in the city centre and is family-friendly. It has a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
Loch Fyne is a Japanese restaurant and is not family-friendly.
Midsummer House is a five star restaurant located near All Bar One. The prices are average.
Italian food is found at The Punter located near Café Sicilia.  It is a coffee shop that is not family-friendly with a low customer rating and a price range of less than £20 .
The Eagle is and Indian style coffee shop with highly rated food at a low price.  It can be found in the city centre by the Burger King and is not family friendly.
The Waterman is an expensive non-children friendly fast food, rated 1 out of 5 and located on the riverside.
A kid friendly place to get French food in the city centre is the Waterman. Yes, it has I high customer rating and a price range of £20-25.
The Waterman is a restaurant in Cambridge near the Crowne Plaza Hotel. The Waterman is not a family-style restaurant. The Waterman serves wine.
Near Burger King in riverside is low rated Japanese coffee shop The Eagle. It is child friendly with dishes more than £30.
Cocum, a family-friendly pub, is average in both customer ratings and price range.
The Plough has a high price range is near The Plough.  It is a children friendly restaurant.
The Cricketers is an average quaint little coffee shop located nearby The Portland Arms. The Cricketers is a family friendly atmosphere which serves an array of French pastries and savory delights to indulge in with a nice cup of coffee.
Take a trip to Riverside, and down the road from Burger King you'll find The Eagle, an Italian coffee shop with good food, moderate prices, and good customer ratings.
The Twenty Two is a restaurant providing take-away deliveries in the low price range. It is located off of Chesterton Road by the river.
Zizzi is a fast food pub with an average customer rating. It is not family-friendly.
The Wrestlers is a high priced Italian restaurant and coffee shop in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is children friendly.
The Waterman is a restaurant offering English food located in the city centre.  It is a kids friendly restaurant with an average price range of £20-25 and customers rating it high.
Aromi is a coffee shop  serving Japanese food in the riverside, which is family friendly but the customer rating is low.
The Dumpling Tree is a Chinese restaurant in the moderate price range.
The Waterman offers high priced fast food in a children friendly atmosphere. They are located in the Riverside area and have an average customer rating.
There is an English restaurant Midsummer House in the cheap price range located near All Bar One. It gas a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
A pub by the river, The Waterman, rated 3 out of 5, serves Italian style food.
Strada has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 with a price range of moderate and is kids-friendly
The Golden Curry is a family friendly French restaurant with a low customer rating located near Café Rouge in riverside.
English food is served at Midsummer House but only rates 1 out of 5. It can be found near Café Rouge.
The Waterman is an English pub located near the riverside with average customer Rating.
Bibimbap House has inexpensive English food.  It is located in the riverside area, near Clare Hall.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop that provides cheaply priced Fast food.  It is rated 5 out of 5 and is located near the city centre.
There is a Chinese food provider called The Rice Boat. It is by the riverside
Strada is a cheap restaurant serving English food near Rainbow Vegetarian Café with a rating of 5 out of 5. It not family-friendly.
The Wrestlers is a one star, medium priced whole foods restaurant good for the whole family.
Near The Rice Boat is a Fast food place called Loch Fyne with average customer rating, located by the riverside.
Cocum is the place to take your family for a high quality dining experience.
The Eagle offers a calming yet classy environment with is five star rating and location on the river.
The Dumpling Tree is a family friendly, fast food, pub near The Portland Arms.
Cotto offers Italian cuisine in Ranch. The Cotto children friendly and highly rated among patrons.
The Vaults is a French eatery with a moderate price range. It is not kid friendly.
There is a three star low-price coffee show located in North City Centre called The Eagle. If you are looking for it you can use the Burger King nearby as a landmark.
There is a family-friendly restaurant near Café Rouge in the city centre offering fast food.  It is called The Golden Curry and it has a low customer rating.
The non family-friendly Loch Fyne restaurant which does French food has a price range of less than £20.
If you are seeking an average performing kid friendly pub near Ranch, then you must give The Cricketers a shot.
The Twenty Two is a non-family-friendly French restaurant.
Come to Browns Cambridge at 23 Trumpington St, for a sit down meal from their menu made with local ingredients from local farmers.
Giraffe is a coffee shop with a high customer rating and a price range of £20 to 25. it is near The Bakers and child friendly
The Rice Boat provides Indian food in the cheap price range. It is located in the riverside. It is near Express by Holiday Inn. Its customer rating is average.
Blue Spice is a family friendly coffee shop close to Avalon in riverside. They charge under £20 but have a low customer rating
Fitzbillies, near The Six Bells, is a moderately priced Italian restaurant.
There is an inexpensive Greek restaurant named Midsummer House close to All Bar One. It is rated 3 stars.
The Rice Boat provides Indian food in the cheap price range. It is located in the city centre. It is near Express by Holiday Inn. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
By the riverside is a cheap coffee shop called Zizzi with a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is not family-friendly.
Zizzi is a pub that serves fast food, kid friendly but has poor ratings
The Rice Boat serves Italian food for high prices. It is on the riverside near Express by Holiday Inn. The Rice Boat is not children friendly and it has a 1 out of 5 rating.
With a customer rating of 1 out of 5, Alimentum is an Indian food joint in the city centre area near Yippee Noodle Bar. It is of a moderate price range.
Aromi adult coffee shop  serves French food  in the city centre area and has a low customer rating.
Loch Fyne is a child friendly restaurant serving English food.
Fitzbillies is a high-priced city centre coffee shop offering Indian food. It is not child friendly.
The Twenty Two is a fast food restaurant located in the city centre.  It is not family friendly.
The Wrestlers is a 5 star restaurant for the whole family
You can expect to pay low prices for Asian cuisine at the Wildwood pub.
The Rice Boat is a place selling Chinese food in the riverside area. It is not family friendly and has an average customer rating.
The Cambridge Blue is a Chinese pub with inexpensive food near Café Brazil.
The Cambridge Blue is a French restaurant with low customer rating.
Green Man is a child-friendly Indian restaurant in riverside, near All Bar One.  It is in the high price range
The Cricketers is a kid-friendly pub near Ranch, and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 stars.
The Rice Boat in river side server up average Japanese food with no children welcome.
If you are looking for a family friendly restaurant located at the end of the city that is cheap check out The Waterman.
The Waterman is a restaurant providing take-away deliveries in the low price range. It is located in the city centre.
Giraffe is a pub located in Riverside that sells amazing French food and welcomes children as it is kid-friendly so you cold enjoy a nice meal with your family
Cocum is a coffee Shop providing Fast food. It is located in City center. Medium price and family-friendly. Have 5 out of 5 costumer rating.
One kid-friendly pub in the city centre is The Olive Grove. It serves French food at a moderate price.
Zizzi is a pub that serves Indian food. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5 and it is family friendly
Strada is a child friendly, high priced, Fast food restaurant near Rainbow Vegetarian Café. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Green Man is a Chinese restaurant located in City center. near All Bar One, has a price range of less than 20 with an adult atmosphere.
The Olive Grove is a moderate price range pub that serves Italian food. It is kids friendly and is by the riverside.
The Rice Boat provides Chinese food in a family friendly venue in the riverside area. It has perfect customer ratings.
The Punter is a coffee shop that serves Italian food in the moderate price range with customer ratings of 3 out of 5 near Café Sicilia and it is not child friendly
Fitzbillies is a highly rated coffee shop by the riverside. It's child unfriendly but serves fast food at a high price.
There is a French restaurant called The Rice Boat in the city centre near the Express by Holiday Inn.  It is not child friendly. The price range is more than £30. The customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is near Café Adriatic. It has high prices with a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
£20-25 is the price range of Travellers Rest Beefeater, which is in riverside area closed to Café Adriatic and it has a high customer rating.
The Cricketers is an Italian coffee shop near The Portland Arms.  It is not family-friendly and has a low customer rating.
In riverside, near the Crowne Plaza Hotel, is a coffee shop called Taste of Cambridge.  They offer French food and a child-friendly environment the whole family can enjoy.
The highly-rated Fitzbillies is an inexpensive fast food coffee shop located in the city centre.
Taste of Cambridge  is a coffee shop that offers Japanese food. It is near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the area of riverside and is children friendly.
Strada is a highly rated pub that serves Indian cuisine that is located near Yippee Noodle Bar.
Fitzbillies  is a cheap restaurant located near Express by Holiday Inn.  Customer rating  5 out of 5.  Not family-friendly.
Near Express by Holiday Inn in the city centre, The Rice Boat is more than £30 for English food and not family-friendly but does have high ratings.
The fast food The Punter has a price range that is moderate.
The Golden Curry is a kid friendly restaurant that serves Japanese food. its customer rating is 1 out of 5
The Golden Curry serves Italian food in riverside, near Café Rouge They are not family-friendly and have a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Mill is a pasta and coffee shop close to The Sorrento. It has fairly high pricing.
The Mill coffee Shop offers normal priced Fast food in the City Centre close to The Sorrento.
A family friendly coffee shop located near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area, Browns Cambridge serves Japanese food and has an average customer rating.
Alimentum is serving Chinese food in the City center . It is family-friendly  and moderately priced.
The Waterman is a kid friendly restaurant with a high customer rating. This restaurant is located in the riverside area and offers French food in the price range of £20-25.
Blue Spice is a restaurant providing take-away deliveries in the low price range. It is located in the city centre.
Midsummer House is an average priced, five star restaurant located near All Bar One.
Taste of Cambridge is near The Sorrento, at the riverside. It is a kids-friendly pub.
Giraffe is an adult only low rated coffee shop with average prices located near The Bakers
Strada serves Chinese food, has a high price range and an average customer rating. It is child friendly and is located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
Let's go to that French coffee shop by Burger King, The Eagle, it's right beside the river and it's cheaper than £20, however it's not family-friendly and its customer rating is average.
If you're looking for a kid friendly Italian restaurant, check out The Rice Boat, located at the city centre, near Express by Holiday Inn. The establishment is moderately priced and customers have rated it 1 out of 5.
There is a kid-friendly, Fast food coffee shop in Riverside with a high customer rating called Aromi.
There is a store Browns Cambridge that provides assorted wines and snacks with reasonable price.
The Mill is a restaurant providing Asian  food in the high price range. It is located near The Sorrento.
Browns Cambridge is located near The Sorrento in the Riverside area. It is a family friendly venue offering Indian Food.
Blue Spice in riverside has moderately priced French food.
The Olive Grove is a fast food pub on the riverside.  Typically, £20-£25.  It's kid friendly too.
There is a Japanese restaurant with a low customer rating, located near Express by Holiday Inn on the riverside. It is called The Rice Boat and it has a price range of less than £20 and is not family-friendly.
Near Rainbow Vegetarian Café is a sushi restaurant called Strada. It is family friendly, low priced, and has low reviews.
Midsummer House is a French restaurant with prices more than French 30. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 and is located near All Bar One.
Bibimbap House is Italian near The Rice Boat, in riverside.
Near city centre there is a Chinese restaurant with low ratings, called The Phoenix.
There is a coffee shop called Cotto providing Indian food located in the city centre near The Portland Arms with low customer rating and it's price range is less than £20.
Zizzi offers burgers and is family friendly
The Waterman is near the Crowne Plaza Hotel, serving Japanese food, and is Family Friendly.
Eat Japanese food in Blue Spice just for £20-25 in the riverside
Aromi coffee shop. Offers 5 star oriental family dining near the river.
Browns Cambridge has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and is in the moderate price range.
The Phoenix is a high-priced in French food. with a 3 out of 5 customer rating. It is located in the riverside area.
There is a cheap restaurant Alimentum located in the Yippee Noodle Bar. It has high customer rating .
Bibimbap House offers sushi for a low price, and is on the outskirts of City center., near Clare Hall.
Alimentum is a Chinese restaurant in the city centre. It does not welcome children and is highly priced.
Green Man, near All Bar One in Riverside is not child friendly Italian food but is high price range.
The Olive Grove at riverside is a pub which serves Italian food, but the price range is high and is not children friendly
Near All Bar One, in the riverside area is Green Man.  It serves French food with prices above £30 and is not friendly to children.
Midsummer House offers English food with a high customer rating near All Bar One. Expect to pay more than £30.
There is a poorly rated mid priced Italian restaurant Fitzbillies in the City centre. It is family friendly.
There is a Japanese coffee shop called The Eagle its by the riverside near Burger King with high ratings and also kid friendly.
Near The Sorrento, is a family friendly food place called Browns Cambridge. it's by the riverside
A little pricey but child Friendly is the Strada restaurant. They have a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Eagle is an expensive Indian coffee shop  with an average customer rating.  It is located in the city centre, near Burger King, but is not children friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a family-friendly coffee shop in the city centre near the Crowne Plaza Hotel. It serves Italian food and has a low customer rating.
Cotto coffee shop. Indian food is cheap. Customer rating average. In city centre near The Portland Arms.
Alimentum a children friendly, high priced French restaurant located in riverside.
Midsummer House serves Chinese food near Café Rouge. They have an average customer rating.
The Waterman is a restaurant that provides Chinese food at reasonable prices ranging from £20-25. It has a customer rating. It is located by the riverside and is very kid friendly.
The Waterman is an adult eatery with one star in the City centre.
Near The Portland Arms in Riverside is the Cotto; with a customer rating of 3 out of 5, this coffee shop offers fast food with moderate prices.
Zizzi is an Indian pub with an average customer rating. The establishment is not family friendly.
The Twenty Two in Riverside serves Italian food in an adult setting
The Rice Boat located near Express by Holiday Inn, offers Japanese cuisine to adults in the city center.
The Wrestlers is a moderately priced, family friendly Japanese coffee shop in Riverside, near Raja Indian Cuisine.
An average customer rated, high priced restaurant called The Wrestlers which serves English style food is not children friendly.
Near Café Rouge in riverside, there is a restaurant called The Golden Curry. It serves French food, it has an average customer rating, and it is not family-friendly.
Visit the riverside and find Cotto close to The Portland Arms, and partake in cheap Italian food in a 5 out of 5 rated coffee shop
The Golden Curry, with customer ratings 5 out of 5, is a French food place, also children friendly.
There is an 5 out of 5 customer-rated coffee shop named The Golden Palace. It serves Italian cuisine at a cheap price.
Located in Riverside, near Burger King, The Eagle is a moderately priced, kid friendly coffee shop. It serves French food and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Rice Boat is located in the riverside area. It is children friendly.
in the city centre there is a not family-friendly coffee shop named Zizzi which is cheap and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5
The Waterman serves the best Japanese food. They recently scored a 5 out of 5 rating due to their cheap food. They are located at the riverside.
Located near the river, The Olive Grove pub has a mid-priced menu that is suitable for families.
Aromi, is coffee shop yes kids-friendly riverside 1 out of 5
Japanese food at Fitzbillies coffee shop in the city centre is an expensive adult only place with a low customer rating
The Rice Boat, near Express by Holiday Inn has a high customer rating, high price range and is family friendly.
Eat at Zizzi. A restaurant with prices from £20-25, located in the riverside area.
The Waterman pub located by the riverside offers French food.
The Waterman is an Indian with a high customer rating. They are within the city centre and are not children friendly. The price ranges is more than £30.
In the city centre, there is a moderately priced, kid friendly fast food coffee shop called Fitzbillies. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Waterman is a pub with the rating of 5 out of 5 that serves Japanese food which is located in the city centre.
There is an Italian place, Midsummer House, situated near All Bar One with average customer rating and high pricing.
If you're looking for a Fast food venue then you could try The Punter. It's in the £20-25 price range.
The Golden Curry provides Chinese food Its customer rating is low.
There is a cheap pub The Olive Grove located north of the City center., right on the river. It is not a family restaurant.
The Olive Grove pub is located in riverside area serving child friendly Japanese food.
Zizzi is a cheap family-friendly coffee shop near the river with good ratings.
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing Indian food in the moderate price range. It is located in the riverside. It is near Burger King. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Clowns is a Japanese coffee shop near Clare Hall in the city centre. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Phoenix serves English food located in the riverside area. Its in the high price range and has a customer rating 1 out of 5
Zizzi is a coffee shop in riverside that is children friendly. It has a 5 out of 5 customer rating and the price range is more than £30.
this fast food restaurant is moderate priced city centre coffee shop thats kids-friendly. Fitzbillies has a customer rating of 3 out of 5
The Vaults, kid friendly Italian cheap kid friendly restaurant.
Located in the city centre near Express by Holiday Inn The Rice Boat is a family friendly Indian restaurant in the cheap price range with an average customer rating.
The Phoenix, with its amazing view of the river, offers a five star meal to enjoy.
Rated 1 out of 5, Cocum is a high-priced, family coffee shop serving Italian food.
The Plough pub is located near Café Rouge. They serve expensive Chinese food and are kid friendly.
The Phoenix is a cheap restaurant with average customer ratings. One can purchase English food at this restaurant, which is located in the city centre.
Cocum is a cheap family friendly Italian coffee shop with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Twenty Two is kid friendly, serves Fast food and is in the riverside area.
The Twenty Two organizations said no to lending money. They did not want to make less than £20 near The Rice Boat on the riverside. They wanted to change their low ratings
The Dumpling Tree is a child friendly coffee shop with prices less than £20.  It is located near Café Sicilia in the centre of the city.
Cotto is a coffee shop providing Italian food in the low prices. It is located in the city centre near to The Portland Arms. It has 1 out of 5 customer rating.
There is a family-friendly Greek restaurant named The Rice Boat. It is located near the river to the North of the city centre and is rated 5 stars.
Travellers Rest Beefeater has a price range of less than £20 and a low customer rating.  It is near Café Adriatic at riverside.
The restaurant called The Dumpling Tree is cheap and provides English food.
The Waterman, situated in the city centre, offers Japanese food in the high price range. It is a children friendly establishment, and has been rated high.
The Wrestlers is a fast food coffee shop that's kid friendly where you can eat for under £25 and is located near Raja Indian Cuisine in riverside
The Rice Boat is a moderately priced but poorly rated restaurant located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
The Cricketers is a Italian coffee shop located near The Portland Arms. It's kids-friendly. Customer rated it 3 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a cheap French restaurant with a 5 out of 5 customer rating. Unfortunately, they are not family-friendly.
Fitzbillies is costly French food coffee shop located in the city center. It has average customer rating and not kids friendly.
For moderately priced Italian food, try The Cambridge Blue Pub, situated near Café Brazil.
The Golden Curry is a Chinese food place. They have a low customer rating. Located in Riverside area near Café Rouge. Family friendly.
Located in riverside, The Phoenix serves Chinese food at an average cost of £20-25.
The Golden Curry provides Indian food It is located in the riverside. It is near Café Rouge. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Near the fast food Burger King close to the riverside, The Eagle is a coffee shop, with moderate pricing and not too kid friendly.  Customers rate it a 3 out of 5.
Near the Crowne Plaza Hotel in Riverside there is an Indian coffee shop known as Browns Cambridge that has received a rating of 5 out of 5 while not being family friendly.
Strada serves high-priced Indian food with an average rating. It is child friendly and located near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
In the area of city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel is Browns Cambridge. It is a family-friendly coffee shop, that has Japanese food,and has a low customer rating.
Japanese restaurant, The Waterman, located in the city centre has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and is not child friendly.
Strada is family friendly, located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café, offering French meals for less than £20 with an average rating.
The Phoenix is a Japanese restaurant at the riverside, it has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
If you want to go to a kids friendly moderately priced restaurant in the city centre rated 3 out of 5 stars go to The Waterman
Alimentum serves English food in Riverside near Yippee Noodle Bar. They have a low customer rating but their prices are low too.
if you want to eat English food go The Phoenix near to riverside. price range is near about 20
Fitzbillies is located near The Six Bells.  It serves medium-priced French food.
The Punter provides Indian food in the £20-25 price range.
Alimentum provides Chinese food in the high price range. it is located in the city centre and is not children friendly.
There is a French coffee shop named The Mill near The Sorrento in city centre. Their price range is 30 pounds and up.
Fairly low prices for equally low value at The Eagle over on riverside.
The restaurant Alimentum is a highly rated Japanese restaurant in the higher price bracket. It can be found in the riverside area near Yippee Noodle Bar.
There is a friendly for kids pub called The Plough near to the Café Rouge.  It provides French food in the moderate prices.
Child friendly The Rice Boat, is a high priced average customer service rated Italian restaurant located near the Express by Holiday Inn in the riverside area.
Fitzbillies in riverside is a fast food coffee shop that cost less than 20 euros. It has a low customer rating and is not family-friendly.
The Punter is a French coffee shop with a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is child friendly, and located near the Café Sicilia.
In the riverside area there is a coffee shop called Cotto with a cheap price range that sells fast food. Cotto has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 and is near The Portland Arms.
The Golden Curry is an adult only Japanese restaurant with a rating of 5 out of 5.
There is an Expensive restaurant The Mill located near The Sorrento that provides Asian food.
The Vaults is a cheap, family friendly Chinese restaurant
Wildwood is a French pub that offers dishes for less than 20L with a low customer rating.
A pub near The Portland Arms, called The Dumpling Tree serves Indian, but does not cater for families.
If looking for moderate priced Fast food in the city centre, The Golden Palace is a coffee shop with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Waterman is a children-friendly English restaurant located near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Near The Bakers is The Golden Curry, a low priced restaurant that is not family friendly.
Wildwood is a coffee shop with a low price range and has a low customer rating of 1 out of 5 just north of Ranch.
Browns Cambridge is a cheap restaurant. Customers rate it 5 out of 5 stars.
If you're looking for a French pub in the riverside area, Giraffe is a good choice. It is also family friendly.
The Eagle is a fast food coffee shop. It is located in riverside, near Burger King. It has low customer rating since it is not kid friendly.
The Golden Curry serves Japanese food and is child friendly. It has a low customer rating.
A Japanese restaurant in the city centre which isn't family-friendly is called The Twenty Two.
Fitzbillies, located at riverside, is a coffee shop that has Japanese food. It is kid friendly, priced along £20-25, and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 stars.
With an average customer rating, Wildwood is a high priced pub that serves Indian food.
A coffee shop called The Eagle sells cheap Indian food that is rated 5 out of 5 and is even better with its family friendly location near a riverside and the local Burger King.
Alimentum is in Riverside, near the Yippee Noodle Bar. It serves Italian food that is less than £20 and has a low customer rating.
A Fast food restaurant called The Eagle has a 3 out of 5 customer rating.
Welcome to The Wrestlers, we are a coffee shop. We're family-friendly we serve fast food we are located in the city centre near the Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Golden Curry offers a family friendly environment, serves English breakfast food, and has a three star customer rating.
Green Man, which is near All Bar One located in riverside, offers Chinese food with a price range of £20-25 and has kid friendly service.
Loch Fyne is a child-friendly restaurant serving Japanese food.
Midsummer House is  providing English food near Café Rouge with average customer rating.
Located near Crowne Plaza Hotel, The Waterman is an English restaurant that is kid friendly.
Fitzbillies is a high rated Italian coffee shop in riverside with a price range of £20-25. This restaurant is kid friendly.
Cocum is an Italian coffee shop with an average customer rating, child friendly and a high price range.
Near Burger King in city centre is the coffee shop The Eagle. This adult establishment serves fast food at average prices.
High customer rating, this Japanese style coffee shop is along the riverside. The Golden Palace has a price range of £20-25.
The Rice Boat in riverside offers child friendly French food with a 5 out of 5 customer rating
Fitzbillies is a moderately-priced, kid-friendly Italian coffee shop in the city centre with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Located near The Rice Boat in riverside, The Twenty Two is child friendly restaurant with a price range of more than £30 and a high customer rating.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly restaurant that serves French food for a low price.
Loch Fyne is child friendly Japanese restaurant.
Strada is a good restaurant for eating food my rating is 4 out of 5
The Waterman is a kid friendly fast food restaurant located in the city centre. Although the price is moderate, the customer rating is 1 out of 5.
In the city centre near The Portland Arms there is a cheap averagely priced coffee shop serving fast food called Cotto.
For a family friendly coffee shop where you can get some Italian food, visit Browns Cambridge.  It is in the Riverside area near the Crowne Plaza Hotel.  It has an average customer rating.
Check out The Golden Curry a family friendly restaurant near by.
Green Man,  is an expensive French restaurant in Riverside, near All Bar One that is child-friendly.
Midsummer House is located near Café Rouge and offers burgers
Serving Indian food is a pub called Zizzi. A kid friendly place with a 1 out of 5 rating.
The Waterman serves Indian food in the cheap price range. It is located in Riverside.
The Rice Boat is priced lower that £20 and has a customer rating of average. The Rice Boat is located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
The Golden Curry is a breakfast joint specializing in UK themed food. Bring your whole family, it's just outside The Bakers
Green Man is a moderately-priced fast food establishment in the city centre near All Bar One.  It is not child friendly.
The Phoenix is a 3 star high priced restaurant  in City Centre.
Bibimbap House is a Japanese restaurant with a moderate price range and is located in the city centre near Clare Hall.
The Golden Curry is a family restaurant in the city. They have high customer ratings and they serve French food.
1 out of 5 customers rate The Eagle, which is riverside, as expensive.
Clowns is kids friendly and moderately priced. It is located near to Café Sicilia.
Travellers Rest Beefeater' is located in the city center near Café Adriatic. It is expensive but has very poor customer reviews.
The Waterman is a pub in riverside that serves French food. Their customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a cheap coffee shop in riverside where you can find Japanese food in a child-friendly environment.  Look for it near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a French eatery with a high customer rating and is child friendly. The price range for this place is between £20-25.
The Rice Boat is a family-friendly Japanese restaurant near Express by Holiday Inn in the city centre.  It has a low customer rating and price range less than L20.
Fitzbillies is a family friendly coffee shop. They have an average customer rating and are located in the riverside area. They are fast food and have cheap pricing.
The Punter coffee shop near the Café Sicilia offers moderately priced Italian food in a kids friendly environment, It has been rated 1 out of 5 by previous customers.
The Japanese restaurant, Fitzbillies, serves plates that are generally more than £30.  It is located near The Six Bells.
With a customer rating of 3 out of 5, city centre coffee shop Fitzbillies, offers highly priced French cuisine in a child friendly atmosphere.
There is a kid-friendly coffee shop called Fitzbillies located in Riverside. It is in the medium price range and has a high customer rating.
When in the riverside area and looking for Indian food, stop by the adults only The Rice Boat. Located near Express by Holiday Inn. Prices are moderate with a rating of 3 out of 5.
Rated 5 out of 5, Wildwood is a cheap pub serving Chinese food.
Come to our Indian restaurant  Midsummer House near All Bar One. We have a moderate price range and a rating of 1 out of 5.
The Aromis is a family-friendly coffee shop.  Serves Italian food.  Located riverside and is not family-friendly.  Low customer rating.
Cocum is a kid friendly, moderately priced, average rated pub.
The Golden Curry is a Fast food restaurant that is near The Bakers has a moderate price range and is not kid friendly
The Cocum is an Indian coffee shop with prices under £20. It has a low customer rating and is not family friendly.
The Twenty Two is a family-friendly restaurant in the city centre near The Rice Boat. They have average ratings and are high-priced.
Near Express by Holiday Inn is a kid friendly place, The Rice Boat. They serve Chinese food at moderate prices, in the riverside area. Customers rate 1 out of 5.
Near the riverside, The Phoenix offers fast food suitable for a cheap budget  - it's scores an average customer rating.
Bibimbap House is an expensive purveyor of fine foods just east of Clare Hall on the River.
Loch Fyne is a kid friendly Indian restaurant with a moderate price range.
Alimentum restaurant offers moderately priced Chinese food that is not kid friendly. It is located at riverside.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop with French food near to Raja Indian Cuisine
Browns Cambridge is a one-star, low cost restaurant that serves specialty foods.
The Eagle is a coffee shop that serves Indian food for 20-25 euros, it is in the riverside area near a Burger King and is kid friendly with high customer rating.
With an average price rating and a high customer rating, Alimentum is a restaurant near Yippee Noodle Bar by the riverside in the City centre.
Cotto is a one star coffee shop that serves wine and cheese, with a medium price range, located near The Portland Arms.
Loch Fyne serves Japanese food for adults with a price range of more than  £30.
The Olive Grove pub serves English food in a price range of less than £20. It is not family-friendly and is in the city centre.
The Alimentum is a Indian high priced restaurant that is not children friendly located in the city centre.
A kid friendly restaurant with high customer ratings is Cocum.
The Rice Boat is a low-priced restaurant in the city centre that delivers take-away. Near Express by Holiday Inn.
The Golden Curry is situated in the riverside area next to the Café Rouge. It provides Japanese food and it is friendly for family. The customer rating is 5 out of 5.
The Twenty Two restaurant is not a place to bring children.
The Italian children friendly restaurant is Loch Fyne.
The Zizzi coffee shop offers affordable food, but does not welcome families. It is located at the riverside Customers have rated it average.
There is a Fast food restaurant called Blue Spice in Riverside and offers food in the price range of £20-25.
There is an Italian restaurant near All Bar One called The Cricketers.
The Rice Boat is an average restaurant in the riverside area offering Italian food.  It is not family-friendly.
The Cambridge Blue is a pub that serves Indian food,  price range moderate, near Café Brazil
The Vaults is a coffee shop near the Café Brazil in the riverside area. with a moderate price range and  3 out of  5 customer rating.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop providing Indian food It is located in the riverside. It is near Crowne Plaza Hotel. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
The Waterman is located by the city centre and sells English food.
Riverside The Mill coffee shop, in riverside near The Sorrento, serves Japanese food priced at less than £20.
The Rice Boat is a low customer rated eatery offering French food in the riverside area. No, it is not family-friendly.
Cotto is a coffee shop in the lower price range. It is located close to The Portland Arms.
The Wrestlers is an expensive, five star whole foods restaurant fun for the whole family.
In the city centre, near Burger King, there is a cheap highly rated coffee shop called The Eagle, which serves French food and is family-friendly.
In the riverside area, The Twenty Two serves French food and is family friendly.
The Clowns is a higher than average priced pub in the city centre area.  It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 stars.
Best French food at The Eagle
Alimentum, a place that serves low priced wine is five star rated and located next to Yippee Noodle Bar on the river in City centre.
Giraffe is a restaurant located near The Six Bells with a price range of more than £30
The Waterman is an Italian restaurant that is kid friendly, with moderate prices and an average rating, located in the city centre.
The Waterman, located near the city center, is not kids friendly an d serves Chinese food to its customers. It is moderately priced and is rated 1 out of 5.
There is a Japanese family friendly pub called The Plough located near Café Rouge with prices less than £20
The Waterman located in the city centre has Japanese food, is not kid-friendly was was given a low customer rating.
Near the river, there is a low-priced restaurant named Alimentum. They are not kid friendly.
The Golden Curry is a restaurant that sells Indian food located near The Bakers and is kid friendly with a moderate price range.
There is an expensive fast food restaurant called The Olive Grove by the riverside that is not child friendly.
Riverside located Aromi, is a family friendly pub with low customer ratings.
Clowns is a coffee shop with Japanese food, it has an average customer rating. It is situated by the riverside near Clare Hall.
In riverside near Clare Hall, is a Japanese coffee Shop called Clowns with a low customer rating.
The Waterman is a moderate-priced Fast food restaurant that is not children friendly in the riverside area with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge is a fast food place, rated three stars with high prices.
A cheap coffee shop called The Golden Palace is located in Riverside. It serves Italian food and has an average customer rating
Blue Spice provides Indian food in the high price range. It is located in the riverside.
The Rice Boat is a cheap restaurant that serves Italian food located in city center near Express by Holiday Inn  with a 5 out of 5 rating.
Near By Rainbow Vegetarian Café is a restaurant called Strada that is low-priced and not family friendly.
There is an expensive coffee shop called The Eagle located in riverside near Burger King that provides Indian food. It is children friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a family-friendly cheap averaged rated coffee shop in the city centre
In the city centre near Café Rouge is a restaurant called The Golden Curry. It is family-friendly with an average customer rating, it serves English food.
In City Centre, near Express by Holiday Inn is a family-friendly restaurant called The Rice Boat, that serves English Food in the cheap price range.
A restaurant serving English food with a high customer rating is The Cambridge Blue
Located riverside is The Phoenix which serves Chinese food. It has an average customer rating.
Cocum is a 5 star, cheap coffee shop that serves fast food.
The Waterman is a full service restaurant close to the Crowne Plaza Hotel. Adults only.
Alimentum serves Italian food with a high customer rating. It is averagely priced, near Yippee Noodle Bar.
Wildwood is a Chinese food pub with cheap food and average ratings.
Yes, you can take kids to the high priced Italian restaurant, Loch Fyne on the riverside.
Offering English food at a slightly higher price, and near All Bar One, is the child friendly Green Man.
Near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre is a Japanese coffee shop called The Wrestlers. It has a price range of more than £30 and is not kid-friendly.
There is a venue called Blue Spice. It is located in riverside that serves cheap English food.
The Punter is inexpensive delicious family friendly fast food near Café Sicilia
In the city centre there is a kids friendly moderately priced place called The Waterman. It serves fast food and has a customer rating of one out of five.
The Eagle is a coffee shop that is not family-friendly. It has a less than £20 and serves Italian food. It's near Burger King in the city centre, with a low customer service rating.
rated 1 out of 5 the Strada is a restaurant
There is a place called The Punter which offers cheap Japanese food.
The Midsummer House is a nice 5 star Italian restaurant with very fair prices. We are located right next to the All Bar One.
French coffee shop, The Eagle, is located in the city centre near Burger King. They provide great service and products at a lower price.
Zizzi is a coffee shop in the high price range. It is located in the city centre. The customer ratings are 3 out of 5 and is children friendly.
The Olive Grove serves Japanese food in the riverside area. It is a family friendly pub which serves food less than £20
The Punter is a wine bar with average pricing.
Blue Spice is a Japanese restaurant located in the city center. It serves dishes for more than 30 pounds.
There is a less than favorable restaurant The Golden Curry located in the centre of the city that is family friendly.
The Cambridge Blue pub serves Chinese food with nothing over 20 dollars it sits by Café Brazil.
A pub named the Olive grove located in the city center offers Japanese food. The Olive Grove is in the high price range and is not children friendly.
The French restaurant , The Dumpling Tree  has a price range of 20 - 25.
Giraffe is a kid friendly pub that sells Indian food at the riverside.
If your looking for a higher end coffee shop in riverside near The Sorrento, try The Mill and maybe grab some of the French food they also serve.
The Wrestlers is a Indian coffee shop in the high price range in the riverside area of Raja Indian Cuisine and is children friendly.
The Golden Curry is a family friendly, low rated French restaurant located in riverside near Café Rouge.
Bibimbap House, located near Clare Hall in Cambridge's city centre, serves gourmet Chinese cuisine at gourmet prices.
Customer rating 1 out of 5. The Waterman is a fast-food pub in the Riverside area.
There is a high priced French restaurant in riverside. The Waterman is not child friendly. They have an average rating.
The Vaults has Indian food and is not child friendly and also price ranged high.
The Wrestlers is an expensive but highly rated Italian restaurant. They are child friendly.
The Mill coffee shop near The Sorrento  in the riverside area serves fast food  for less that 20 pounds.
Alimentum is a high price Indian food restaurant that is rated 1 out of 5 by its customers near the city centre near the Yippee Noodle Bar.
The Phoenix is a moderately priced restaurant that is close to the river.
If you're looking for a riverside, £20-25 English meal, look no further than Green Man, a kid-friendly restaurant near All Bar One.
Wildwood pub that serves pub food that has a 3 star rating and average in price range
Browns Cambridge is a family-friendly, Italian coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre that has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Wildwood is a five-star pub in the mid price range that serves British cuisine. It is located across from a school.
By Café Rouge is a fast-food restaurant named Midsummer House that has a three-star customer rating.
An amazing Chinese restaurant, with a perfect 5 out of 5 rating, is The Cambridge Blue.
Alimentum is an Indian food with a price of £20-25; usually people like it, its in city centre near Yippee Noodle Bar.
The Wrestlers Chinese restaurant is not suitable for young families.  It has low prices and average ratings.
The Vaults is a specialist kids-friendly that English food and is moderate rating.
Along the riverside there is an Italian foods place that serves cheap and low quality food. It is called 'The Waterman' and is recommended for families.
Cocum is a low priced Indian coffee shop with an adult atmosphere.
Located in the city centre, The Phoenix has English food with a low customer rating.
Browns Cambridge is a restaurant with a high price range. Customer rating is average.
Midsummer House serves English food and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is near the Café Rouge.
There is a French food coffee shop near Café Sicilia called The Punter, it is kids friendly and has a good customer rating. The price range id £20-25.
Cocum is a pub restaurant which has a low customer rating. Their prices range are more than £30 and is child friendly.
There is a coffee shop located in the city centre called Zizzi. It is child-friendly, has a price range of more than 30 pounds, and a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
English food is found in the riverside area near The Rice Boat at Loch Fyne.  It has received an average customer rating.
Located in the riverside area near All Bar One is the family friendly Green Man which serves expensive British food.
Bibimbap House serves Japanese food.  Their menu prices are cheap. They are located in Riverside near Clare Hall.
Located near The Six Bells is Fitzbillies. An English high priced restaurant.
Near Café Rouge is Midsummer House which serves Japanese food and gets a 5 out of 5 rating by customers.
The Eagle coffee shop is a family friendly three star venue situated close to Burger King.
The Wrestlers is an average Japanese restaurant.   It offers adult only dining at a price range of less than £20.
A child friendly Italian eatery is The Golden Curry. It has an average rating.
The Mill coffee shop is in the City center. near The Sorrento. It is low priced and also offers fast food.
Loch Fyne is a low rated Chinese food  place in the center. of city near The Rice Boat.
Near The Portland Arms in the riverside area is The Punter. Is it a child friendly place and prices are in the more than £30 price range.
Fitzbillies is a highly rated Italian coffee shop in the riverside area.  It is cheap and not recommended for families.
The Midsummer House is a moderately expensive restaurant that caters to wine tastings and is located adjacent to All Bar One.
A coffee shop called Fitzbillies that is not family-friendly is located in the city centre area. It has cheap Japanese food and a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
There is cheap Italian food restaurant  called The Eagle near the Burger King riverside, it is a family friendly coffee shop.
Near Café Sicilia is the child friendly coffee shop, The Dumpling Tree. It is moderately priced and by the river.
The Dumpling Tree is a more expensive restaurant.
For a moderate price The Eagle coffee shop offers Indian Cuisine in the city centre.   While the restaurant is not kid friendly there is a Burger King nearby and it has a customer rating of  3 out of 5.
Wildwood is a Japanese coffee shop located near Ranch. It is moderately priced but has a satisfaction rating of 1 out of 5
Clowns is a family friendly restaurant near to Café Sicilia with a price range of less than £20.
The Phoenix is an adult focused Japanese restaurant located on the riverside. Higher than average prices for high ratings.
Fitzbillies coffee shop is located in the city centre. It is child friendly and also serves Japanese food. Prices are high at more than £30 but customers rate it highly at 5 out of 5.
Don't take your kids to The Olive Grove pub.  The prices are moderate there in the city centre.
There is Fast food at The Waterman which has a high customer rating and a price range of more than £30. It is in the city centre and is children-friendly
The Golden Curry is a family-friendly venue serving English food with a low customer rating.  It is based in the city centre near Café Rouge.
Cocum is a exclusive Fast food restaurant than you can go with your partner to take a coffee
The Golden Curry provides Indian food It is located in the riverside. It is near Café Rouge. Its customer rating is low.
For Japanese food in a kids friendly environment try The Rice Boat. Located in the riverside area this restaurant has a high customer rating,
The Mill by the river high prices for food and wine
Taste of Cambridge is a kid friendly French coffee Shop in the riverside area near the Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Located in the riverside area near The Rice Boat, fast food, Loch Fyne is rated 1 out of 5 by customers.
A family friendly Fast food, coffee shop located riverside near the Crowne Plaza Hotel called Taste of Cambridge.
Strada is a fantastic child friendly restaurant serving English food. The restaurant is in a medium price range and child friendly. You can look for it near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
The Wrestlers is a 5-star rated, family-friendly sushi bar offering oriental cuisine in the moderate to high price range.
in city centre there's a coffee shop called Aromi  it serves Indian food with a rating of 5 out of 5 and it's family friendly
The Taste of Cambridge is a pub located near The Sorrento river which isn't suitable for families with children.
Midsummer House is an Italian restaurant that resides near Café Rouge and is rated 5 out of 5 by food critics
Zizzi pub French food is amazing and is family friendly.
Located close to Rainbow Vegetarian Café is Strada, a highly regarded Chinese eatery. It's both child friendly and well priced.
Browns Cambridge serves Chinese food in the city core. Located by The Sorrento, it is great for the whole family.
Get French food at The Phoenix at riverside. It has a 3 star rating.
A pub called The Cambridge Blue with Italian food has a high customer rating and is located near Café Brazil with a moderate price range.
There is a low cost sushi restaurant called Strada that is family friendly. It is close to the Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
a Japanese family-Friendly place is The Waterman near Crowne Plaza Hotel
Highly rated and still cheap, Cocum is a coffee shop serving Japanese food in an adult environment.
The customer rating for The Waterman is average but it is children friendly and located near the riverside. It offers fast food but is in the high price range.
The Italian child friendly place, The Vaults, is high on pricing.
The Vaults has a mid-priced menu. It is not family friendly.
For Italian food on the riverside you can visit Giraffe, a family friendly pub.
Located in city centre is an average Italian restaurant called The Phoenix.
There is a high price range high customer rating coffee shop Zizzi. It is in riverside and not kids friendly.
The Eagle is an expensive family coffee shop that is located near Burger King. It serves British food.
The Wildwood is a restaurant near Café Rouge that has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Punter offers Italian cuisine and is highly priced.
Giraffe is a non-family friendly, pub-style restaurant that serves Chinese food near the city centre.
The Vaults is a fast food restaurant offering affordable meals for the whole family.
The Phoenix is a Italian restaurant with a 1 out of 5 rating.
Situated near All Bar One is Midsummer House for some cheap food.
The kid friendly restaurant in the riverside area, The Olive Grove is a pub with a moderate price range.
Browns Cambridge possesses a customer rating of 1 out of 5  and offers Indian food in a moderate price range.
Alimentum serves Indian cuisine and is average price for the high customer ratings. It is located in riverside near Yippee Noodle Bar.
In riverside there is a pub called The Mill. It serves English food for moderate prices.
If you are looking for a family-friendly French coffee shop at the riverside you should try The Eagle located near to the Burger King.
The Twenty Two is a children friendly Japanese venue.
With a customer rating of 3 out of 5, Wildwood is an Italian coffee shop that can be found near Ranch.
The Waterman heads to a family-friendly Italian restaurant  in riverside, the customer rating is low, what do you expect it is less than 20.
Located near the city centre, The Eagle, is a moderately priced restaurant that gets 1 out of 5 rating.
The Olive Grove is a pub which serves Japanese food. It has a moderate price range and it is kids-friendly. Located on the riverside.
The Waterman is not a very good pub. They serve Japanese food and are in the riverside area.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop  near of the river in the south of the city.
Wildwood, a coffee shop, serving French food is located near the Ranch. Customers have given this establishment a low rating with a low cost price range below L20.
Alimentum Chinese, near the riverside, by Yippee Noodle Bar is more than £30 and is also highly rated by customers.
Near The Portland Arms is a Kid Friendly coffee shop called The Cricketers that has a rating of 3 out of 5 and serves Indian food.
The Punter, Indian coffee shop, is high in price, with an average customer Rating that is children friendly near Café Sicilia.
The Wrestlers is a kids friendly coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre. It serves moderately priced Italian food.
There is an average coffee shop called The Golden Palace located in Riverside that serves fast-food.  Consumers rate it as average and the prices are on the high end.
There is a cheap family friendly Chinese food restaurant Loch Fyne.
The restaurant Zizzi in the riverside has a price range of £20-25.
Wildwood is an adequately reviewed,  inexpensive pub that is known for their pasta dishes.
Come to the family friendly coffee shop that serves Italian food for only £20 or less it has a low customer rating and is near Café Sicilia. It is The Punter
The Blue Spice is a high end, child friendly restaurant with riverside views.
Near the riverside, there is an Italian adult coffee shop called Aromi.  It gets 5 out of 5 customer ratings.
The Plough is a pub located near the Café Rouge. It is family friendly and has cheap prices. They also serve Indian food there.
The new pub, Cocum, has average ratings, food, beer, a good price range, and it is family friendly
The Twenty Two Italian restaurant is a family friendly place situated on the riverside.
A Chinese restaurant called Alimentum is low cost in Riverside. However, it is not family Friendly.
The Punter coffee shop, providing 1 star, budget, family friendly food. Find us near Café Sicilia
The Phoenix, located next to the river, 5 star restaurant
The Golden Curry is a 1 star burger place that is family friendly by the river and Café Rouge.
There is a child friendly place called The Wrestlers serving English food at £20-£25. It has excellent customer feedback.
The Plough is a burger and fries joint located a short distance away from Café Rouge and is family friendly. The cost is average.
Alimentum is a cheap Italian with 5 out of 5 customer Rating. It is located in riverside near Yippee Noodle Bar.
A Fast food venue with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 named The Phoenix is on the riverside.
If you like pubs and Japanese food, check out The Mill.    This pub offers moderate pricing.  It is located in the riverside area.
By the riverside near Café Brazil there is a coffee shop called The Vaults. Its customer rating is average and the price range is less than £20.
In the city centre is a pub that serves Italian food called The Waterman. It has a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
Cotto is a coffee shop providing Indian food in the £20-25 price range. It is located in the riverside. It is near The Portland Arms. Its customer rating is high.
The Rice Boat is not a kids friendly Italian restaurant located near Express by Holiday Inn at riverside. It is moderately priced  and has average customer rating.
Loch Fyne is a restaurant that welcomes children and serves French food
The Wrestlers provides Chinese food in the cheap price range. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Next to the river you can find Aromi pub. Unsuitable for families with small children. So far it has earned a one-star rating.
The Wrestlers is a high-end family-friendly sushi restaurant with three stars.
A restaurant with high customer ratings is Taste of Cambridge with a price range of only £20.00 - £25.00.
The Japanese pub, Strada, is rated 1 out of 5 and is near Yippee Noodle Bar.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop located near the river. Licensed and family friendly. Moderately priced.
Fitzbillies is a 5-star rated restaurant providing your family with a taste of the USA. Located inside the City's Centre, it is also gives its costumers a scenic view while enjoying their meal.
Clowns is a pub in the city centre. It has a high rating with a price range of £20-25.
A coffee shop named The Mill serves high priced fast food in the riverside near The Sorrento.
There is a children Friendly Japanese called The Twenty Two
The Waterman is an average fast food restaurant in the city centre.
The Wrestlers near Raja Indian Cuisine in riverside serves a high price range Italian food.
In the riverside area there is an expensive restaurant that serves English food called the Blue Spice
The Rice Boat is located in the city centre near the Express by Holiday Inn.  It is low priced, family friendly and has a 3 out of 5 rating.
In Riverside, there is a great, family friendly fast-food pub called Giraffe, where children are welcome.
Browns Cambridge is a Chinese restaurant. Customers rate it one out of five. It is moderately priced.
The Eagle is a kid friendly coffee shop that offers Indian food. The price is more than 30 euro's and is located near Burger King in the riverside area.
Clowns is a coffee shop located at the city centre that serves Italian food.  It is found near Clare Hall and has a low customer rating.
The Alimentum is a Chinese food restaurant with a high price range. It is child friendly and in the riverside area.
Browns Cambridge is an child friendly Italian eatery near The Sorrento.
Cocum is a non family-friendly coffee shop that will cost you less than £20 for some Fast food. The customer rating is low.
i love the Strada near Rainbow Vegetarian Café. it is kids friendly with good Chinese food and is a 3 out of 5 customer rating
The Wrestlers is an establishment selling Italian food and also has a coffee shop on site. It is located by the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is a cheap place to eat and yes it is family friendly
Beside The Portland Arms is a restaurant in the middle of the city that is a dine in called The Cricketers.
The family friendly food place, The Wrestlers, serves decent full English breakfasts at low prices.
Wildwood is a pub providing Chinese food in the more than £30 price range. Its customer rating is high.
In the riverside area there is a cheap pub called The Golden Palace. It is close to The Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
an average English restaurant in the riverside area in the cheap price range is The Phoenix
The Cambridge Blue is a pub located  near Café Brazil. It serves Japanese food and is priced high.
Cocum is a pub with a high price range and a customer rating of 3 out of 5. Children are not allowed.
The Olive Grove is a kid-friendly pub in the riverside area with an average price range.
Alimentum offers Indian cuisine for less than £20 and is in the city centre. It has a low customer rating but it near the famous Yippee Noodle Bar.
Fitzbillies is a non family friendly place in the moderate price range, It is located near the Express by Holiday Inn and is rated 1 out of 5.
Cotto is a low rated, Japanese coffee shop, priced at £30 and more, in the riverside near The Portland Arms.
There is a fast food restaurant named Browns Cambridge  with a low customer rating priced over £30.
An English food restaurant with a 3 out of 5 rating near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café is called Strada. They are kid friendly with a moderate price range.
With a customer rating of 1 out of 5, the coffee shop named Blue Spice is moderately priced, near Avalon and the city center,  and is not kid friendly.
The Phoenix is a restaurant providing food Italian in the 20-25 pound price range. It is located in the riverside people rating high
There is a expensive Japanese coffee shop Cocum.  Customer rating 5 out of 5.  Not family-friendly.
The Golden Curry is located near The Bakers.  It offers Japanese food in a family friendly atmosphere. The price range is less than 20 English sterling.
In the area of riverside, Blue Spice has an average customer rating. It also is child friendly with a high price range.
1 out of 5 customer rates The Phoenix, which has Italian food and it's riverside.
A 5 star family friendly restaurant is Zizzi.
The Rice Boat is a restaurant that serves Indian . its customer rating is 5 out of 5 and it is family friendly. it is in the riverside area.
The Phoenix, serving Japanese food, with a medium customer rating is located in the riverside area.
Midsummer House is a French restaurant.  It is located near Café Rouge and has a low customer rating.
A French restaurant, Bibimbap House, I s located near The Rice Boat in  city centre .
The Wrestlers is a mid-priced coffee shop near the city centre, by Raja Indian Cuisine. Not kid friendly.
There is a cheap restaurant English is The Dumpling Tree
There is  a pub serving French food called Strada. It s located near the Yippee Noodle Bar, it had a customer rating of  out of 5.
The Rice Boat located in the riverside area near Express by Holiday Inn has a high customer rating and offers Indian food. Price range is more than £30, however it is not children friendly.
Right near The Rice Boat in city centre is an Indian place named Loch Fyne, the ratings are low though.
The family friendly sushi restaurant 'Loch Fyne' has quite low prices.
Cotto is coffee shop with fast food, cheap prices, and average customer ratings in riverside, near The Portland Arms.
Clowns is a coffee shop serving Italian food, and is located at the riverside, near Clare Hall. However, customers have given it a low rating.
The Golden Palace fast food coffee shop has a reasonable 3 out of 5 rating for a coffee shop moderately priced in the city centre.
Cocum is the place to take the family for good food. It's a coffee shop serving Indian food at low prices.
The Phoenix, found outside of city centre, is a three star fast food restaurant.
The Golden Palace is a less than £20  coffee shop in the city centre that delivers Fast food.
The Phoenix is a 5 stars restaurant with delicious food.
Near All Bar One there is a restaurant called Midsummer House.  It is an expensive five-star restaurant.
Located in the riverside area near Express by Holiday Inn, The Rice Boat serves Indian food at a moderate price range. It is not family friendly and has a 3 out of 5 customer rating.
The Golden Curry serves Japanese food. Its near The Bakers and is kid friendly with a price range of 20 to 25 dollars.
In riverside is The Punter which is child friendly serving food in the higher price range and is close to The Portland Arms
Blue Spice is a coffee shop in Avalon in the riverside area. It has a customer rating of average and is not family-friendly. Prices are less that £20.
Alimentum is a cheap, family friendly, French restaurant in the riverside area.
Clowns is a coffee shop that serves Italian food in Clare Hall city centre area. Clowns has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Stop by The Waterman in Riverside for conveniently priced Italian food. This dining experience is sure to be an intimate one, with low crowds and adults only, you can spend a romantic evening full of zesty Italian cuisine.
Near Café Rouge there is a highly rated restaurant named Wildwood.
The Cambridge Blue is a Japanese pub that has a price range of more than  £30 and is located near Café Brazil.
There is an average priced French coffee Shop located near Café Sicilia. The Punter is not family-friendly with average reviews.
There is a Chinese restaurant near the city centre called Alimentum. It has a moderate price range and is not kid friendly.
The Golden Curry is offers Indian cuisine in the city centre area, near Café Rouge. It is not family friendly and has a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
The Plough is a high priced, family friendly pub. They are located near Café Rouge.
At The Waterman, the range is kid friendly.
The Rice Boat is a French food serving place, near Express by Holiday Inn, on the riverside. It is children-friendly and it's rated 5 out of 5. The price range is more than £30.
The Olive Grove is a cheap family Friendly pub in the riverside area. It sells Fast food.
The Vaults is a non family friendly low cost restaurant that has wines, bread and cheeses.
The Punter has French food for less than £20.
The Rice Boat is a  British themed restaurant by the river, and down the road from Express by Holiday Inn. It has 5-stars and is family friendly.
The Rice Boat offers Chinese food at a high customer rating. Locate near to riverside area. Children are friendly.
The Waterman, price range £20-25, is a French restaurant in the city centre with high customer ratings. It is not kids friendly.
A restaurant that is child friendly and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 is Cocum.
The Wrestlers is an expensive family-friendly Chinese restaurant.  The customer rating is only 1 out of 5.
Clowns is a French coffee shop near Clare Hall in the riverside area. It has a low customer rating
The Wrestlers has breakfast for low prices, they aren't family friendly and only have one star.
The Golden Palace pub is near Rainbow Vegetarian Café in the city centre and moderately priced.
inexpensive Japanese food with low customer rating at Alimentum in the city centre near Yippee Noodle Bar
Green Man is a moderately priced, kid-friendly venue on the riverside.
Alimentum is an Indian restaurant  that is family friendly. It is cheap and near riverside.
The Vaults is a cheap pub near Café Adriatic rated 5 out of 5.
The Wrestlers, has great food and is competitively priced.
Strada is a family friendly place with an average customer rating and a price range of less than £20.
There is a less than £20 pub The Olive Grove located in the city centre that provides Chinese food but is no family friendly.
The Wrestlers is a restaurant providing wine tasting and cheese tasting at a medium price range.
Aromi is a coffee shop that offers French food. This is not a place to take your children . It has great customer rating and is located in the city centre.
Cotto is a French restaurant located near Café Rouge.
Giraffe is a family friendly Japanese pub in the riverside area.
Alimentum serves high priced Italian food in the riverside area near Yippee Noodle Bar with average customer ratings.
The Golden Curry is located near Café Rouge. They have rated low and are family friendly.
The Olive Grove is a children friendly English pub near Riverside with a slightly high price range.
The Rice Boat  is a French  food restaurant located in the city centre, near Express by Holiday Inn. It is family-friendly, cheaply priced and averagely rated.
The Eagle is a highly rated Chinese restaurant.
With an average customer rating, coffee shop Cocum serves fast food at a high price range. However Cocum is not suitable for children.
restaurant is children friendly called Cocum with high customer rating.
The Plough is a pub near Café Rouge that is low priced and offers sushi.
The Phoenix is a French Café with a low satisfaction rating in the city center the meals range from less than £20.
near Café Rouge is an average rated Italian restaurant called Midsummer House.
A cheap place to eat is Blue Spice, which is by the riverside. It's a cheap and family-friendly restaurant, although is not rated highly.
The Olive Grove is a child friendly pub that offers fast-food in the high price range, located in riverside.
Aromi in riverside is a coffee shop with a low customer rating. They serve French food and are not family-friendly.
The Eagle rates 5 out of 5 for Japanese cuisine.
Cotto is a British coffee shop with high prices and a 5 out of 5 rating near The Portland Arms
There is an Italian restaurant near the Riverside All Bar One called Green Man. It is reasonably priced and suitable for all the family.
A moderately-priced, family-friendly restaurant, the one-star 'The Waterman' is located on the riverfront, north of the City centre, and serves Japanese cuisine.
A newly-opened venue near Café Sicilia, Clowns offers cheap, family-friendly dining.
Fitzbillies near the The Six Bells is an Italian costing less than £20
The family-friendly coffee shop and fast food place named The Eagle, is near Burger King in the city centre, has a cheap price range and an average customer rating.
Fitzbillies' is a expensive coffee shop located north of the city centre that serves American food.
Aromi is a French food coffee shop with an average customer rating. It is located on Riverside, but has a low customer rating.
In the area of riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine is The Wrestlers, it is a coffee shop. It is not kid friendly and the Fast food is highly expensive.
The Rice Boat in city centre has fast food.
Loch Fyne is a family friendly restaurant in the mid price range.
The Rice Boat in the riverside area is a highly rated, child-friendly fast food restaurant.
Fitzbillies serves Japanese food and  has an average customer rating. It is a coffee shop in the riverside area in the price range of less than £20. It is not family-friendly.
Down in the riverside area near The Sorrento there is a pub that is family friendly named Taste of Cambridge.
Cotto is a Japanese food restaurant with a high customer rating, it is kid friendly and is located near Ranch.
Aromi is a restaurant near the river. It has been given one-star and is considered family friendly
A coffee shop that is not kid friendly is located in the riverside area near Burger King. It is named The Eagle,has French food and price range of£20-£30 and a high customer rating.
The Vaults is a coffee shop in the high price range located near Café Brazil.  It is at the riverside with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Travellers Rest Beefeater, rated 3 out of 5, is a moderately priced restaurant near Café Adriatic in the riverside.
The Rainbow Vegetarian Café is a low rated expensive Café located near The Rice Boat.
A new restaurant opened near The Six Bells, it is called Giraffe and have a very affordable price range between 20 and 25£.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop located in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is not  family-friendly and serves French food. It  has a price range of less than £20.
The Wildwood pub provides fast food at a higher than usual price range. It is rated 1 out 5 with customers.
With a moderate price range, the Bibimbap House, near Clare Hall in the city centre, is an English food establishment.
The Phoenix is a one star restaurant located near the river.
The Dumpling Tree is a Fast food pub that is family friendly near The Portland Arms.
Cotto is a coffee shop serving Italian food within a price range of twenty pounds. It is located on the riverside, near The Portland Arms, and has a low customer rating.
A coffee shop near The Portland Arms with a low customer Rating and a price Range of less than L20, is Cotto.  It serves Italian food.
Cotto is a coffee Shop providing French food. It is located in city center near The Portland Arms. 3 out of 5 costumer rating. But high price range.
The Phoenix  is an expensive high rated restaurant located in city center.
The Rice Boat is a kid friendly pub near Express by Holiday Inn.  Its mid range Japanese food is highly rated.
The Olive Grove is a family-friendly pub with a high price range located in the city-centre.
The Cricketers coffee shop, near The Portland Arms, is not family friendly and has an average customer rating for its Indian food.
The Dumpling Tree is a Japanese restaurant.
Green Man is a average price range is less than £20. It is Located in the riverside and not family-friendly
Clowns is a kids friendly place near Café Sicilia with moderate prices.
Green Man is a family friendly fast food restaurant situated near the river close to All Bar One
The Eagle is a highly rated coffee shop and Japanese restaurant located in the city centre, near to Burger King. It is in the higher price range of £30 or more and is not children friendly.
The Cambridge Blue is an Indian restaurant with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Cocum is a restaurant that children friendly and 1 out of 5 customer rating.
The Wrestlers is a family-friendly, highly rated French restaurant located in riverside. £20-25.
Cocum is a coffee shop that offers a family friendly environment and 5 star quality.
The Olive Grove is a pub providing British food that is located near the river.  The prices are high.
The Punter provides Japanese food. It is moderately-priced.
Alimentum sells French food, customer rating 1 out of 5 price range is moderate and is near Yippee Noodle Bar in Riverside
With a low customer rating, Clowns coffee shop serves Italian food. It is located along the riverside near Clare Hall.
The Aromi  is a family-friendly coffee shop that serves Japanese food.
The Phoenix is a moderately priced Indian restaurant. It has a 1 out of 5 and is located in the city centre.
The Golden Curry is family friendly French restaurant, situated by the riverside near to Café Rouge. The customer rating is low.
Loch Fyne is a French restaurant that is not family-friendly.
Browns Cambridge is near The Sorrento. They are not family friendly.
The Japanese restaurant, The Twenty Two is not family-friendly.
If you are looking for a high rated French coffee shop in the city center, go to Clowns near Clare Hall.
Clowns is aptly named to be kid friendly.  It is located near Café Sicilia and offers selections with average prices between £20-25.
Alimentum is a Chinese in the city center near Yippee Noodle Bar. It's less than £20 but has a low customer rating.
Clowns is a child friendly restaurant wit a high price range. It can be found near Café Sicilia.
The Rice Boat with cheap price is located near Express by Holiday Inn by riverside. The food is Japanese and customer rating is high. Its not family-friendly.
Located in the Riverside area is a higher priced fast food restaurant The Phoenix which boasts average customers reviews.
The Punter is a Chinese restaurant with a moderate price range.
Wildwood is a restaurant  for a mature public
The Plough is a child friendly restaurant in the high price range situated near The Bakers
Wildwood is a low priced pub with a variety of food and drinks.
Cocum is a  coffee shop providing French food in the average price range. It has a high customer rating and is child friendly.
The Eagle is a coffee shop serving Italian food in the riverside area near Burger King, It has a high price range with an average customer rating and is not child friendly.
The Golden Curry restaurant provides average Indian food in a non family friendly environment. It is located in the riverside area near Café Rouge.
The Rice Boat is found in the area of city centre and offers Fast food. It has a a low customer rating it is not family-friendly.
Green Man  is by riverside  provides Fast food   and is family friendly   price range is cheap and is near All Bar One
There is an English, kid friendly restaurant named The Golden Curry. It has a high customer rating.
An English styled venue, Bibimbap House is located on the riverside, near The Rice Boat.
There is a child friendly venue located in riverside with a high price range. It is called Alimentum and provides Chinese food.
The Phoenix moderate priced good value English food with 3 out of 5 stars in the city center.
The Waterman is a child friendly and has a moderate price range.
The is a cheap fast food restaurant named The Dumpling Tree.
Alimentum is a riverside child friendly restaurant that serves expensive English food.
Alimentum provides Chinese food in the high price range. It is located in the city centre. It is near Yippee Noodle Bar. Its customer rating is average.
Giraffe is a child friendly pub serving Italian food in riverside.
The Rice Boat is now a mid-priced average Chinese. It's near Express by Holiday Inn in the riverside area. Not very child friendly though.
The Vaults is a coffee shop  near Café Brazil in the riverside area, with a high customer rating. The price range is  near Café Brazil in the riverside area.
Clowns is an average, cheap, pub in riverside.
There is a place Travellers Rest Beefeater located near Café Adriatic in the riverside area.
You should try the Japanese restaurant Midsummer House near the Café Rouge. It does have a low rating.
A pub near Café Brazil, The Cambridge Blue, offers Japanese food at a moderate price range
A few steps of the Café Rouge, there is a place called Cotto where you can eat English food.
The Twenty Two, a family-friendly restaurant, is located near The Rice Boat in the city centre. It offers food less than 20 and has a low customer rating.
Taste of Cambridge is a coffee shop that serves Indian food in the riverside area. It is family friendly and is located near the Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Located in the riverside area, The Twenty Two is family friendly and serves English food.
The Golden Curry is a Chinese restaurant with a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is located in the city center. near Café Rouge, and is family friendly.
The Wrestlers is a low-cost, 5-star option for families.
The Twenty Two does not allow families.
The Mill French pub is located on the riverside.  The price range is cheap.
Alimentum is a family friendly Chinese restaurant that is less than twenty pounds a meal near the city center.
Browns Cambridge  is a children Friendly Fast food restaurant in the riverside area near The Sorrento.
English pub food is served in Wildwood with a high customer rating and a price range of £20-25.
Zizzi pub is an average place serving Italian food to adults only
The Dumpling Tree is a pub style restaurant offering a selection of of English dishes. It is conveniently located near The Portland Arms area. Bring the whole family, The Dumpling Tree is kid friendly.
The Golden Palace is a mid priced restaurant.
A pub called The Waterman serving Indian food has a low customer rating in the city center.
The Waterman provides English food in less than £20. It is located at riverside. its customer rating is low and it's also not suitable for a family.
Zizzi pub serves Italian food, is children friendly, and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is an Italian food outlet with high customer ratings.  They are not down as kid friendly.  Their price range is between £20-25.
Want English food with moderate prices then try Blue Spice in the riverside area
Zizzi is a pub that is located in the middle of the city, offers wine and cheese, is family friendly, and rated 5 stars.
Bibimbap House is a high-priced  local venue located next to Clare Hall.
There is a family friendly restaurant that serves Chinese food called The Wrestlers. The price range is under £20 but it has a low customer rating.
The Dumpling Tree is a high priced restaurant located in the city centre.
There is a French restaurant Loch Fyne in Riverside near The Rice Boat. It has a low customer rating.
Serving cheap, poor Chinese, The Waterman is not family friendly and is located riverside.
Serving Japanese food, The Eagle is a coffee shop that offers prices less than  £20, a family-friendly environment, and is located near the Burger King in the city centre.  It has a low customer rating.
Ah Mama Mia for some outstanding Italian stop by Blue Spice near Riverside and bring at least 30 Quid or more for quality costs.
Blue Spice offers Chinese food of a moderate price range in the city centre area.
Wildwood Pub, is a good place that offers burgers.
The Rice Boat is family friendly, low cost with an average rating. It serves English food and is located near the Express by Holiday Inn in the riverside area.
The Eagle Offers fast-food prices fictional
There is a Japanese restaurant near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is called The Waterman and it is not family-friendly.
The Rice Boat provides Indian food in the high price range. It is located in the riverside. It is near Express by Holiday Inn. Its customer rating is average.
Taste of Cambridge, is a family friendly coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel that offers Japanese cuisine.
Fitzbillies specializes in Indian cuisine in the price range of £20-25 and is located in the picturesque region near The Six Bells.
There is an expensive, non-children friendly Indian restaurant called The Eagle located in the city centre, near Burger King.
The Waterman adult only with low prices serving fast food near city centre.
Alimentum is a high customer rating restaurant that serves Chinese food for more than  £30. It is located in Riverside, near Yippee Noodle Bar.
Taste of Cambridge coffee Shop is located north of the city center. and close to the Crown Plaza Hotel and welcomes families.  Taste of Cambridge coffee Shop also offers meals and wine.
The city centre pub Aromi has an average customer rating. It is not family-friendly.
A cheap pub with fast food and your average customer rating would be the Wildwood.
The three out of five star restaurant, The Phoenix, is moderately-priced.
In riverside, there is a coffee shop that serves French food called Fitzbillies. They have a high price range, 3 out of 5 customer rating, and are not kid friendly.
Green Man is a child-friendly with a price range £20-25 in Riverside.
Blue Spice is a sushi restaurant in the high-price range.  It is located near the river.
The Punter serves highly rated, mid price range Japanese meals best suited for adults in a coffee shop near Café Sicilia.
The Punter is a moderately priced coffee shop  near Café Sicilia that serves sushi
The Dumpling Tree is a pub that provides Indian food. It is located near The Portland Arms.
There's an expensive Indian restaurant in the city centre near to the Express by Holiday Inn.  It's called The Rice Boat and has an average customer rating.  It's not children friendly.
The coffee Shop, The Eagle, is a moderately priced fast food establishment that is kid friendly and rates 1 out of 5 so far, next to it's neighbour Burger King at City Centre.
There is a pub in the high price range in the riverside area. It is called Clowns and has an average customer rating.
The non-family-friendly, fast food serving restaurant The Waterman is located in the riverside area. It serves food for less than £20.  It has a low customer rating.
Good, but high priced coffee shop located in the city centre near Café Brazil. The Vaults has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Wildwood, a coffee shop that serves Indian food at a high price, earned a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is located near Ranch.
The Giraffe is a pub offering Chinese food in the riverside area.  This restaurant is family friendly.
In riverside its located a public moderate French food restaurant called The Olive Grove
The Golden Curry does not offer a menu for all ages, and their fast food is not favorable at all.
There is a non family-friendly coffee shop with a cheap price range and a customer rating of 5 out of 5 located near The Bakers is named Giraffe.
Alimentum offers Italian food in the riverside area, it is kid friendly and priced at 20-25.
Midsummer House restaurant Located near All Bar One has low cost prices with a three out of five stars
Midsummer House offers wine and cheese. It is located near All Bar One.
The coffee shop, Blue Spice is located near Avalon in the city centre. It has an average customer rating and it's not family-friendly but the prince range is less than £20.
Fitzbillies is a cheap, family-friendly Italian coffee shop found near the city centre, rated 5 out of 5 by its customers.
At riverside the good rated coffee shop Zizzi is kids friendly the price is £20 to £25.
The Eagle offers five-star service.
The Wrestlers is a fast-food restaurant for families. It is in the mid-price range and has one star.
The Golden Palace now offers sushi and coffee conveniently near the river for a low price.
A French restaurant in the city centre with high customer ratings, price range £20-25, and not kids friendly is The Waterman.
The Fitzbillies is an averagely priced French restaurant near The Six Bells.
The Waterman is a mid-range pub near the river in city centre.
Giraffe is a Chinese pub on the riverside for adult clentele.
Cocum is a kid friendly restaurant with a rating of 3 out of 5.
There is a higher-priced one star restaurant near All Bar One called Midsummer House.
The new coffee shop Zizzi, situated by the riverside with a kids friendly environment and a price range between 20-25£, has a very high customer rating.
Cocum, and Italian coffee shop, gets average ratings, is moderately price and doesn't cater to children.
There is a high priced English restaurant names Green Man near All Bar One in Riverside that is child friendly.
Bibimbap House serves Fast food near The Rice Boat in the riverside area.
Wildwood is a moderate priced pub that serves Indian food, with a low customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Wildwood is a low priced coffee shop located next to Ranch.
In the medium price range, The Green Man serves fast food at the riverside. The venue is child friendly and located close to All Bar One.
Browns Cambridge is French food. The price is high. The customer rating 3 out of 5.
Located along the riverside there is a kid-friendly coffee shop called Zizzi, with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
There  is a moderately priced, fast food establishment called Fitzbillies; it is located near to the The Six Bells.
There is a family friendly Chinese restaurant located in the city centre called Alimentum.  The price range is high.
A 3 star sushi restaurant is The Eagle.
In riverside, near Express by Holiday Inn, The Rice Boat serves Japanese food, have a high price range, 3 out of 5 customer rating, and are not kid friendly.
The Phoenix has moderate price for English food, it got a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is located in Riverside
Taste of Cambridge is a child-friendly Italian coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel in Riverside.
The Waterman is a French restaurant located in the city centre, offering it's food for under £20.
The Wrestlers coffee shop offers Indian food in the high price range and is not children friendly near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Golden Palace coffee shop in riverside promises average Indian food for high prices.
Within the city centre there is a coffee shop called Aromi, which serves Indian food. They have low customer ratings and are not family friendly.
Green Man   provides Fast food   and is family friendly   price range is cheap and is near All Bar One by riverside
The Golden Curry is a family friendly restaurant which offers Chinese food priced less than 20 pounds. It is near The Bakers.
Moderately priced is The Olive Grove, a family-friendly, fast food public house in the city centre.
Located close to Ranch, the Wildwood coffee shop offers high end wine and cheese.
Near Express by Holiday Inn in the city centre there is a children friendly average customer rated Indian restaurant called The Rice Boat in the high price range.
With it's high price range and a customer rating 3 out of 5, Strada is a children friendly restaurant serving up Japanese food and can be found near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
Blue Spice is a child-friendly coffee shop with a 5 star rating. It is located near Avalon and food costs more than £30.
The Dumpling Tree is a child-friendly French pub near The Portland Arms.
Moderately-priced, The Dumpling Tree restaurant serves Italian cuisine.
The Mill is an average priced Japanese coffee shop , with meals priced between £20-25. The Mill is located in Riverside near The Sorrento.
Midsummer House is a Chinese food restaurant with an average 3 out of 5 rating located near Café Rouge.
Clowns is a cheap pub with average ratings in riverside.
There is a coffee shop named Cotto that serves French food near The Portland Arms with a moderate price range and a 1 out of 5 rating located riverside.
The Eagle is a coffee shop in City centre, near Burger King. It is inexpensive and lowly rated. It is not a good place to take children.
The Plough is a pub style eatery featuring Italian food in the high price range. It is not children friendly and is located near Café Rouge.
The Golden Palace provides an excellent food and variety of wines. They also have river view while enjoying your meal.
The Eagle is a coffee shop that offers moderately priced kid friendly Fast food. They have a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and are located in riverside near Burger King.
There is a coffee shop in the river side area that is Japanese child friendly and is rated 3 out of 5.  It is called Aromi.
The coffee shop by the river, Aromi, has received poor reviews despite its family friendly status.
The Aromi coffee shop has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 and is near the city center.  It serves French food in a non-family-friendly atmosphere.
Giraffe is a family friendly coffee shop near The Bakers with a high price range and a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Located on the riverside near The Rice Boat, The Twenty Two is a cheap family friendly restaurant with a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
The Golden Curry serves English food.  It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 and is not family-friendly.
The Dumpling Tree is a restaurant that serves Italian food for less than £20.
The Italian food at the restaurant, The Cambridge Blue, must not be too good for them to have a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop located on the edge of the city that offers median prices.
The Phoenix is a restaurant with high prices, located near the river
Cocum is a family friendly, low-priced Japanese coffee shop with an average customer rating.
The Mill, a Japanese riverside restaurant, has food between £20 and £25. It is located near The Sorrento.
The Eagle, a cheaply-priced coffee shop, is located in centre city near Burger King. They serve fast food in a family-friendly environment.
Alimentum provides Chinese food in the less than £20 price range. It is located in the riverside. It is near Yippee Noodle Bar. Its customer rating is low.
The Dumpling Tree, located near The Portland Arms, serves Chinese food and is family friendly.
Fitzbillies is a highly-rated restaurant near Express by Holiday Inn. It offers a higher-priced menu in a child-friendly setting.
The Olive Grove is an Italian pub located in the riverside area. It is kids-friendly and is moderately-priced.
Wildwood pub is a tasty local Italian restaurant. Only quality food is served at this high-end establishment.
The Dumpling Tree is a family friendly pub serving fast food near The Portland Arms.
Located riverside is The Golden Palace. This high priced coffee shop has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 and offers Japanese cuisine.
There is a children friendly pub near The Portland Arms.  The Dumpling Tree provides fast food.
The Cricketers is a coffee shop serving Indian food with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and is children friendly near The Portland Arms.
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing Indian food in the more than £30 price range. It is located in the riverside. It is near Burger King. Its customer rating is high.
Cotto is a French coffee shop near The Portland Arms, in the city center.  It is cheap and has a low rating.
Cotto is located on the riverside near All Bar One and offers dishes for upwards of £30
Wildwood is a coffee shop.  Wildwood is medium priced.  Wildwood is located close to Ranch.
Having a high customer rating, the English pub Wildwood has a price range of more than £30.
With a moderated price range, Fitzbillies is a Japanese restaurant located near The Six Bells.
Near Ranch you will find a children-friendly pub with an average customer rating called The Cricketers.
You will be going to The Rice Boat.  It has a high customer rating, but it serves Fast food.  It located by the Express by Holiday Inn next to the riverside.  Yes, it is children friendly and has more than £30
Near Café Rouge is a pub called The Plough. It is family friendly and you can get Indian food for less than £20.
The Cricketers is a low rated, family friendly Italian coffee shop near The Portland Arms.
For Japanese food in the riverside area try The Rice Boat.
In the high price range is the riverside pub, The Golden Palace, which is near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
The Cambridge Blue is a fast food restaurant with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly coffee shop providing Indian food for £20 or less. It is located in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine.
For average Fast food in riverside near Café Rouge, visit The Golden Curry. Yes, it is children friendly.
The Waterman is a child friendly, riverside restaurant which serves high priced  Italian  food with a low customer rating.
Loch Fyne is a Chinese restaurant that serves kids. However, it is quite expensive.
The Rice Boat near Express by Holiday Inn in the city centre with a customer rating 5 out of 5 is cheap but not family-friendly providing Fast food.
The Rice Boat is an English restaurant by the riverside that has a high customer rating but is not family-friendly.
By the riverside, The Rice Boat serves up French cuisine
The Rice Boat restaurant is located near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café. This offers average priced food and has an average customer satisfaction of 3 out of 5 stars.
The Twenty Two is in the riverside area near The Rice Boat. It's mid-priced, with a 3 out of five rating, and is not child friendly.
A family-friendly coffee shop that serves fast food with a high customer rating and a price range of £20-25, The Eagle, is located in the city centre, near Burger King.
A moderate Fast food restaurant called Strada is located near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café, is kid friendly, and has a rating of 1 out of 5.
The Vaults is a restaurant that serves Chinese food.
The Dumpling Tree is a pub that provides Indian food It is near The Portland Arms.
The Dumpling Tree is a restaurant with cheap Indian food.
The Phoenix is a riverside area, French food place with a high customer rating and prices in the £20-25 range.
The Vaults is a family friendly restaurant, offering Indian food for less than  £20.
Near Avalon in the riverside area, there is a coffee shop called Blue Spice. Is has a low customer rating, is not child-friendly, and has a price range of more than 30 pounds.
The Plough, an an Italian pub, is located near Café Rouge. It is kid friendly and has a price range of £20-25.
The Twenty Two is a family friendly Indian restaurant located in the riverside area.
The Eagle is a coffee shop yes less than £20 French Burger King riverside low.
There is an Indian restaurant called The Eagle but it has a low customer rating.
The Dumpling Tree pub, close to The Portland Arms, serves Chinese cuisine in a quiet environment.
The Blue Spice is a non-family-friendly restaurant with a price range of less than £20 with a low customer rating.
The Golden Palace coffee shop in city centre offers reasonably priced French cuisine in the £20-25 range. It has a 3 out of 5 customer rating .
The Plough is a pub which serves Chinese food for less than £20.  It is located near Café Rouge and is not family friendly.
The Phoenix provides Chinese food in a 20-25 pound range. It is rated high by customers and is located in the city center.
Strada is a moderately priced, poorly-reviewed, family friendly sushi restaurant near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
The Rice Boat restaurant, located near the Express by Holiday Inn, serves a traditional English breakfast.
The Eagle is a place offering Indian food with good rating of 5 out of 5.
The Vaults provides Indian food in the high price range.
Strada is a wonderful restaurant. It's very family friendly and the average prices for dishes are less then 20.00 dollars.
Near the Yippee Noodle Bar in the riverside area, Alimentum has English food, a price range of £20-25, and a high customer rating.
Cocum is a coffee shop with medium prices and is family friendly.
Japanese food from The Phoenix in riverside has a low customer rating.
The Portland Arms center city Cotto has a poorly rated Italian coffee Shop highly priced.
The Wrestlers, a highly-rated Chinese restaurant, is a family friendly option.  Their price range is over 30 pounds.
The Punter is a low priced Italian restaurant.
The Waterman is a pub providing Indian food It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is high.
Zizzi is a 3 out of 5 pub that is family friendly and serves French food.
The Eagle is a highly rated, children friendly coffee shop near Burger King in riverside. It has English food and the price range is more than £30.
There is a pub called The Mill by the riverside which is cheap to eat at.
The Mill is a highly rated, fast food pub in the centre of the city.
There is a coffee shop located near the river called The Golden Palace.
Cocum is a pub in the average price range. It is not kid-friendly, and has a 3 out of 5 customer rating.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is a moderately-priced 3-star establishment located on the river to the north of the city centre, next to Café Adriatic.
The Golden Curry is a restaurant of Italian food. We are near The Bakers.
The Waterman is placed near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Giraffe is a family friendly coffee shop rated 5 of 5. It is cheap and located near The Bakers.
Near The Bakers is a kid friendly restaurant in the £20-25 range called The Plough.
The Waterman serves expensive Chinese food in the riverside area. It has customer ratings at 1 out of 5 and is child friendly.
Alimentum provides Indian food in the £20-25 price range. It is located in the riverside. It is near Yippee Noodle Bar. Its customer rating is high.
Browns Cambridge is average priced restaurant with high customer rating.
There is a child friendly restaurant in Riverside called The Twenty Two that serves Chinese food
There is a riverside restaurant named The Mill right next to The Rice Boat.
The Strada is not a family-friendly restaurant which has low customer rating. It is a cheap restaurant and located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
The Golden Curry is a family friendly Japanese venue on the riverside.  It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 and is near Café Rouge.
The Fast Food restaurant, The Waterman, is not friendly for children. It has a rating of 3 out of 5 and is moderately priced.
There is a five-star family coffee shop in the low-price range called Fitzbillies located near a river. Fitzbillies serves fast food.
Cocum is a coffee shop serving fast food. It is low cost and family friendly.
On the riverside near Yippee Noodle Bar is an English restaurant called Alimentum. It has a moderate price range and customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Vaults is a cheap pub with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.  It is near Café Adriatic.
Near Café Rouge is a cheap, family friendly pub called The Plough that serves English food.
The Waterman is located in city centre and has a price range of more than 30. The Waterman serves French food, is child friendly and has a low customer rating.
Taste of Cambridge is a family friendly Japanese coffee shop located by the riverside Crowne Plaza Hotel.
The Waterman is a pub providing Chinese food It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
With a high customer rating, Alimentum serves fast food near Yippee Noodle Bar at a price range of  £20-25. Alimentum is in a riverside area.
Strada provides Indian food in the less than £20 price range. It is near Rainbow Vegetarian Café. Its customer rating is low.
The Waterman, which is located in riverside, serves English food, is not kid friendly, has moderate prices, and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Indian food in the less than £20 price range. It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is low.
The Wrestlers is a French restaurant. The price range is less than £20. It isn't family-friendly. the customer rating is average.
A riverside restaurant, The Eagle, has low customer ratings and a high price range.
The Waterman is a place to get French food for less than £20 in the city centre. They have an average customer rating and aren't family-friendly.
An Italian restaurant in the city centre near Clare Hall with prices less than £20 is called Bibimbap House.
Clowns near Café Sicilia is not kids friendly.
You will find Loch Fyne on the riverside near The Rice Boat. This venue has an average customer rating and the food they serve is French.
French Strada is near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.  It is kids friendly.  It has a moderate price range.  Customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Taste of Cambridge serves Italian food in a family-friendly, coffee shop environment. Near the river, it is conveniently located close to the Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Blue Spice is a cheap family friendly coffee shop near Avalon in the area of riverside which I gave 5 out of 5 stars.
Taste of Cambridge is moderately priced restaurant, and has a 3 out if 5 star customer rating.
A cheap English restaurant near Express by Holiday Inn in city centre is The Rice Boat.
Midsummer House is a fairly cheap restaurant located near Café Rouge, they are currently offering English food. The customer rating is 3 out of 5.
The Olive Grove is a Japanese pub in the riverside area for adults only. The average meal costs a minimum of £30.
Strada is a pub serving English food  and is near Yippee Noodle Bar and there customer rating  is average
The Vaults is a pub near Café Adriatic.  It is at a moderate price range and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Located in the city centre and having a high price range The Waterman has a surprisingly low customer rating and a family friendly environment for Indian food
The Waterman, at Riverside, rates average on the English Food Spectrum.  It's cheap, and not family-friendly.
For an adult oriented, moderately priced Indian restaurant, try Alimentum, located in the riverside area.
Aromi is a coffee shop that served low-rated Indian dishes in a family friendly environment near the riverside.
Near Ranch, is a French kid friendly restaurant with a 3 out of 5 rating called Cotto.
The Zizzi is a coffee shop that is not family-friendly, has a low customer rating in the city center area with a price range of less than 20 pounds.
Blue Spice is a coffee shop moderate priced near the Avalon area of Riverside. It is no kids with a 1 out of 5 customer rating.
English food  at The Golden Curry in riverside area, near Café Rouge. No family-friendly with average customer rating.
Alimentum  serves Japanese food and is located in the city centre near Yippee Noodle Bar. It has a high customer rating and a price range of 20 -25 pounds.
There is a coffee shop called The Wrestlers near Raja Indian Cuisine that serves moderate priced food is in the riverside area and is for adults.
The Wrestlers serves Italian food. It is a coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area. It is kids friendly and has a moderate price range.
Blue Spice is in city centre, has a  high rating and is kid friendly.  Price £20-25.
near The Bakers is a family friendly Japanese food place called The Golden Curry with high prices
Cotto is a coffee shop located near The Portland Arms, offering decent prices and a one star rating.
Cocum is a moderate price range coffee shop that offer fast food. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and is not kid friendly.
A low priced coffee shop called Cocum serves sushi but is not family friendly and is rated a low 1 star.
The Punter is a coffee shop with French food offered less than 20 pounds.  It is family friendly, and located near Café Sicilia.  It has low customer ratings.
Cotto is a coffee shop serving French food in the more expensive price range. It is located at the riverside near The Portland Arms. It has a low customer rating.
Find the English food family friendly pub style eatery The Dumpling Tree near The Portland Arms.
The Rice Boat located on riverside is a non family-friendly establishment where you can find English food with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Eagle is a coffee shop located in the area of riverside, near  of Burger King.
The Waterman is a fast food restaurant that is moderately priced with a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is not kid friendly and is located within the city centre.
Green Man in an English restaurant in Riverside near All Bar One that is child friendly and in the high price range.
restaurant The Plough is located near The Bakers.  It is cheap and family friendly.
In the riverside area, The Olive Grove is a child friend pub that offers English food at a remarkable price rate.
There is a shop called The Waterman that serves Chinese. The price range is moderate and the customer rating is 3 out of 5 . it is not child friendly and is near in the riverside area
for a expensive  high rated bistro near the All Bar One there is Midsummer House
For pricier food, you can try The Plough. It's a restaurant near The Bakers, but not child-friendly.
There is a Chinese restaurant with a 1 out of 5 customer rating named The Cambridge Blue.
There is a pub that offers drinks and snacks that is called Zizzi.
Loch Fyne is a restaurant near The Rice Boat in the vicinity of the riverside area.  It provides Italian food.  This place has a low customer rating.
There is a high end Sushi restaurant called The Punter.
The Waterman is an English pub located in the city centre with a low customer rating.
The Punter is a mid-priced coffee shop that is located by Café Sicilia.
A high price child friendly restaurant is The Olive Grove.  The Olive Grove is located in the riverside area.
The Wrestlers is a  coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine at riverside  for French food  good for family. The food cost less than £20.
Loch Fyne is a restaurant food English in the high price range children friendly yes
Near Burger King, in the riverside area, there is a coffee shop called The Eagle. It is rated 3 out of 5 and serves fast food. It is moderately priced an not kid friendly.
In riverside area, there is a Fast food restaurant coffee shop named The Mill, which has a high price range and it's near The Sorrento.
Taste of Cambridge is a coffee shop serving Japanese food, it's not family-friendly and is located in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
The Golden Palace at Riverside is a restaurant with high customer rating.
A child friendly restaurant near The Bakers is The Plough. It is in the high price range.
The Cambridge Blue, located near Café Brazil in the city center., is a moderately priced pub.
Cotto is a coffee shop with French food in a moderate price range. It is situated near The Portland Arms in the city centre.
English food is served at Fitzbillies, near The Six Bells, and is in the price range of more than E30.
With an average price range and a high customer rating, The Punter is a family friendly coffee shop by Café Sicilia.
The Wrestlers offers food and drink at a low price to families.
The Olive Grove is a pub located at the riverside. The price range is moderate, and it is not child friendly.
The Rice Boat is cheap with an average customer rating. It is located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
There is a cheap Indian restaurant near The Six Bells called The Fitzbillies.
In the city centre near Yippee Noodle Bar, there is a French restaurant called Alimentum. It is expensive and gas a customer rating of three out of five.
There is a moderately priced coffee shop The Wrestlers in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is not family-friendly but they serve fast food.
There is a one star coffee shop named Wildwood near Ranch that serves French food and is moderately priced.
The Rice Boat offers Japanese food. child-friendly. It is located in the city center. Prices are between £ 20-25. Near the Express by Holiday Inn. Customer Rating 3 out of 5
mid range price food available at Zizzi restaurant riverside setting
A place at riverside called The Rice Boat is a child friendly and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5. Additionally to that they serve French cuisine.
Strada is a French pub that has a average customer rating, it is near the Yippee Noodle Bar.
Close to the city center., enjoy cheese and wine at Strada.  Not for family's.  Near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
The Twenty Two is situated by a riverside near The Rice Boat. This has a child friendly environment with 5 out of 5 customer reviews and a fantastic price of more than £30.
The Golden Curry is near Café Rouge. It is in the riverside area and has an average customer rating. It provides French food, but it not family-friendly.
The Vaults, a pub, is located near Café Adriatic and is average priced.
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing Indian food in the £20-25 price range. It is located in the city centre. It is near Burger King. Its customer rating is high.
Located in riverside is a 3 out of 5 customer rated restaurant called The Golden Palace.
Loch Fyne is a high rated Chinese restaurant in riverside near The Rice Boat.
The Dumpling Tree is a children friendly pub serving fine Japanese cuisine near The Portland Arms.
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly Italian restaurant located in riverside near The Sorrento.
The Phoenix serves high priced Chinese food with a customer rating of average in riverside.
Customer gives Clowns rating of 1 out of  5, a pub located at riverside with a high price range  of food.
The Waterman sells Japanese food on the riverside. It is medium price range, poorly rated and not family friendly.
The Cambridge Blue offers a sit down English menu.
The Rice Boat fast food restaurant is family-friendly in the city centre but with low ratings.
Aromi has Indian food. It is kid friendly. it is in riverside
Located near Café Brazil The Vaults coffee shop is high priced and has a low customer rating.
The Golden Curry is not family-friendly and the customer rating is low and it serves English food.
Family friendly Browns Cambridge near The Sorrento serving Fast food.
The city centre had a place called The Rice Boat. The families were not friendly because the food was English and they rated it 5 out of 5
A restaurant not for family is The Wildwood.
The Golden Curry provides Indian food Its customer rating is high.
Eat cheap at Fitzbillies French restaurant near The Six Bells.
The Golden Curry, a Chinese food restaurant located near Café Rouge in the city centre, has a 5 out of 5 customer rating and is not family friendly.
Giraffe is a family friend pub located in the riverside area. It serves Italian food.
The Wrestlers is a fast food coffee shop with a moderate price range. It is located in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine.
When dining at The Rice Boat restaurant, you can expect quality Asian cuisine at affordable prices. The restaurant is located near Express by Holiday Inn and is family friendly.
Loch Fyne is a restaurant providing Indian food in the less than £20 price range.
A Fast food restaurant called The Rice Boat, is located in city centre near Express by Holiday Inn. It has moderate price range, customer ratings of 3 out of 5 and is not kid friendly.
By the riverside is a children friendly Japanese restaurant called The Golden Curry. It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and is near Café Rouge.
The 'Loch Fyne' is a French food restaurant near The Rice Boat in the city center with a low customer rating.
The Phoenix opened a new fast food restaurant in the city centre. Recently they received an average customer rating.
The Eagle is an Italian coffee shop located in the city centre, near Burger King. this coffee shop is not a child friendly zone and it has a high price range.
Green Man is located near All Bar One and offers good meals at very affordable prices.
If you are looking for a low cost coffee shop in the city centre, try Fitzbillies.  It's kid friendly, has a high customer rating, and offers fast food in a price range of £20-25.
The Phoenix is a fast food restaurant by the riverside that has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Alimentum provides Indian food in the less than £20 price range. It is located in the city centre.
The Cricketers is a fast food coffee shop that has a rating of 5 out of 5 that is family friendly near The Portland Arms.
Located in the city centre, the family-friendly The Waterman serves cheap Italian food and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
There is a coffee shop on the riverside called Fitzbillies, they serve Fast food and charge £20-25. They have a high customer rating but are not child friendly.
The Golden Palace is a highly rated restaurant located in the riverside area.
There is a fast food restaurant named The Eagle with an average customer rating.
Aromi pub can be found at riverside, is child friendly and has a customer rating of  1 out of 5.
The pub named Strada near Yippee Noodle Bar offers Chinese food has a low customer rating.
Giraffe is a restaurant with a price range which is near The Six Bells.
Green Man provides Chinese food with a moderate price range in the Riverside area near All Bar One.
The Golden Curry serves Indian food  with a price range above average. It is located near The Bakers.
The Twenty Two offers Italian food in a kids friendly environment.
Blue Spice serves Indian food for less than £20. It's near the city centre.
The Waterman is not family-friendly.  They serve cheap French food and is rated 5 out of 5. It is in riverside.
The Waterman offers 5 star pasta for the family, located near river.
The Cricketers coffee shop offers 3 star burgers and fries for the family, located near The Portland Arms.
Located in Riverside area near the Express by Holiday Inn is Italian restaurant The Rice Boat. restaurant is moderately priced and child friendly, rated 1 out of 5.
The Waterman pub serves English food in the riverside area. It has a 3 out of 5 customer rating.
The Golden Curry serves English food. It is near the Café Rouge in the city centre. Even though it is not family-friendly, the customer rating is 5 out of 5.
The Golden Curry is providing Indian food in the cheap price range. It is near The Bakers.
The Italian restaurant, The Phoenix, that is located in the city centre, has a high price range, and a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
There is a family-friendly venue which serves fast food called The Wrestlers, it is cheap however it has an excellent customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Aromi is a Japanese restaurant located in the riverside area.
There is a kid friendly, fast food establishment called The Wrestlers with moderate prices. It is rated by customers at 3 out of 5
The Wrestlers is a cheap, family-friendly French coffee shop located near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre.
A child friendly place named The Rice Boat serves fast food in the city center near Express by Holiday Inn is priced high and rated low.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop providing Indian food It is located in the riverside. It is near Crowne Plaza Hotel. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Punter is a sit-down restaurant in Cambridge. The Punter is an Italian restaurant in the high price range. The Punter is a sit-down Italian restaurant in the high price range.
Blue Spice is a kid-friendly coffee shop with cheap eats and a 5 out of 5 customer rating. Blue Spice is located along the river near Avalon.
Cocum is for the whole family with low ratings and hight price range
The Waterman is a fast food restaurant with high customer rating and is located in the riverside.
Cocum is a restaurant that has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is a child-friendly venue.
The Waterman is an excellent restaurant serving English food at riverside. It is family friendly and cheap.
Loch Fyne is an above average Japanese child friendly restaurant
There is an expensive five star restaurant The Rice Boat located near Express by Holiday Inn.
There is an Indian restaurant called Loch Fyne that is family friendly.
Clowns is a cheap restaurant near Café Sicilia. It is family friendly.
Loch Fyne is located near The Rice Boat. It is in the riverside area, and customer satisfaction is high. Loch Fyne serves Japanese food.
The Golden Curry is a 5 star Japanese restaurant that is exclusive to adult guests.
If you're looking for cheap food that doesn't sacrifice taste, come by The Eagle by the riverside; known for their 5 out of 5 customer rating.
The Vaults is an English restaurant that is not family-friendly and has prices lower than 20 pounds.
Japanese food in a pub style restaurant near Café Rouge  is served at The Plough, in the over £30 price range
Alimentum offers English food with cheap price near Yippee Noodle Bar in city centre.
Loch Fyne serves Indian food customer rating 5 out of 5 in city centre near The Rice Boat.
The Vaults is a pub restaurant in the high price range. It is located across from Café Adriatic.
Wildwood pub serves moderately priced Chinese food. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Waterman is a family-free Japanese restaurant, located at the centre of the city. Prices are cheap, and customers rate it a 5 out of 5.
The Rice Boat is a Chinese restaurant with a moderate price range. It has a rating of 1 out of 5 and it is kid friendly. It is located in riverside near the Express by Holiday Inn
The Golden Curry is a kid friendly restaurant that serves French food. It has an average rating by its customers.
The kid friendly, Italian food restaurant named The Waterman is located in the city centre and has a price range of £20-25 and has a high customer rating.
Wildwood is a pub providing Fast food with normal customer rating.
The Waterman is high priced Indian food in Riverside. It has high ratings and is child friendly.
The Waterman fast food near Riverside is  kid-friendly.  has a moderate price range, star rating 1 out of 5.
A restaurant catering for those willing to spend over £30 is called the Giraffe, situated near The Six Bells.
The Eagle is an average, family friendly, and inexpensive fast food  option in riverside.  You can find this coffee shop near Burger King.
Midsummer House, near the Café Rouge, earns a 3 out of five rating for it's Indian food.
There is a luxury restaurant Alimentum located near the Yippee Noodle Bar.
Loch Fyne provides Indian food It is located in the riverside. It is near The Rice Boat. Its customer rating is low.
The Punter, a children-friendly coffee shop near Café Sicilia, serves French food. Customers rate it 3 out of 5.
Aromi is a low rated Fast food coffee shop located in riverside and is not family-friendly.
The Plough is a kid friendly Chinese pub. They have a moderate price range and are near Café Rouge
Cocum is a Japanese coffee shop that is non child friendly with a high price range and a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
A family friendly Japanese restaurant called The Vaults is more than £30.
The restaurant The Golden Palace is expensive.
Loch Fyne is an English restaurant that serves kid-friendly food.
French pub The Dumpling Tree is kids friendly.  It is near The Portland Arms.
Japanese coffee shop called The Cricketers  is located near The Portland Arms is family friendly with a 5 out of 5 customer rating
Giraffe is a children friendly pub in riverside area that serves Italian food.
Alimentum sells fast food ranging from £20 to £25. It is near the Yippee Noodle Bar by the riverside. It has high customer rating.
Blue Spice serves Fast food in the city centre area. The price range is less than £20.
Taste of Cambridge is a coffee shop  providing Italian food. It is located near  of the Crowne Plaza Hotel.
If you're staying at the Express by Holiday Inn, check out Fitzbillies. The establishment is cheap, but not family-friendly. Rated 5 out of 5.
Customer ratings for Cotto an Italian food restaurant near Ranch in the riverside area are low.
The Punter is a little high budget.
Browns Cambridge is a well rated family coffee shop near the Crowne Plaza Hotel. It serves sushi.
Strada has a high price range, and is Children friendly. The customer ratings are average.
Located near Café Adriatic, the Travellers Rest Beefeater is of sub-par quality.  its price range is very high, but that may be due to it's location near the city center.
The Dumpling Tree is a restaurant of cheap Sushi food.
Located in the centre of the city is child friendly Blue Spice with a moderate price range and a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Golden Curry is located near The Bakers. They serve French food for more than £30. It is not a family-friendly establishment.
The moderately priced The Vaults serves fast food and is not child friendly.
Having a price range of E20-25, The Vaults is near Café Brazil in riverside and has a high customer satisfaction
Zizzi is a poor quality coffee shop that is not family friendly and has above average pricing.
Cocum, a highly rated but not child friendly, coffee shop also offers Indian food in the more than £30 price range.
The Cricketers offers a combination between a coffee shop and fast food restaurant, a kid friendly environment and 1-star rating, and is located near The Portland Arms.
The Plough is a cheap, family-friendly restaurant near The Bakers.
Loch Fyne is a family friendly restaurant that provides fast-food
for cheap Japanese food in the riverside, Bibimbap House lies near the Clare Hall
Browns Cambridge has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and is in the high price range.
Wildwood is a pub that serves fast food in the low price range and has a five-star rating.
French food can be found at The Waterman which is in the riverside area. It has a high customer rating and is in the price range of £20-25. It is not kids friendly.
The Golden Palace an Italian coffee shop is located in the center of the city. With high ratings the price range is more than l30.
Aromi is a Japanese coffee shop in the riverside area. It is kid friendly and is currently rated 1 out of 5 by customers.
The Golden Curry is a family friendly French restaurant with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Blue Spice is situated near the riverside.  It is not kid friendly. Prices range from £20-£25.  The customer rating is high.
Costing over £30 Giraffe is a restaurant near The Six Bells
The Waterman serves Indian food at a cheap price average customer ratings in the city centre, but it is not family friendly.
Alimentum offers cheap fast-food in a riverside setting.  Located near Yippee Noodle Bar, this restaurant has received a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
Wildwood, a restaurant located near Café Rouge, has low customer ratings.
For an English meal in a family friendly restaurant, the Loch Fyne offers meals for less than 20.
Zizzi is a family friendly pub serving Chinese food with a low customer rating.
Near The Bakers in a child friendly restaurant that serves English food at a higher price point called The Golden Curry.
Blue Spice is a place that serves French food that is a bit pricey. It is located on the riverside.
Fitzbillies is a cheap Italian coffee Shop in the city centre. This establishment has a customer rating of average and is not family-friendly.
Near Rainbow Vegetarian Café is The Rice Boat with an average customer rating and price range of less than £20.
There is a one star coffee shop called Clowns next to Clare Hall that sells sushi.
The Wrestlers do English food with a moderate price range, their rating is 1 out of 5 but are not child friendly.
The French restaurant named The Eagle is a coffee shop in the city centre, near Burger King is a place for kids with price range from 20-25 with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
There is a coffee shop named Browns Cambridge that serves Italian food near Crown Plaza Hotel by riverside. It is rated 1 out of 5 and is kid friendly.
The Eagle a coffee shop which offers Indian food is cheap. It ha a customer rating of 3 out of 5. I t is located in riverside near Burger King. It is family friendly
The Eagle located by the Burger King, is a coffee shop that offers Indian Food at a cheap price range.
By the riverside there is a kids friendly coffee shop called Browns Cambridge that has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and provides Fast Food. It is near to the Crown Plaza Hotel.
There is a coffee shop near The Bakers called Giraffe which has an average customer rating, is in the high price range and is children friendly.
The Twenty Two is child friendly, sells English food and is along the riverside
Near Avalon, in Riverside, there is an expensive and children-friendly coffee shop named Blue Spice that has an average rating.
The Eagle sitting riverside offers a high price range and 3 out of 5 rating.
The Golden Palace s located in he centre of the city. It also delivers take away.
Loch Fyne has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. They serve English food in the riverside area near The Rice Boat.
coffee shop in the riverside area called Zizzi, it has a high price tag, is child friendly and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
In the riverside area, Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that serves fast food. It is expensive but average.
The Olive Grove is a kid friendly pub in riverside serving English food for between £20-25
A business located near Ranch is Wildwood coffee shop, with a 1 star rating and low prices.
The Olive Grove is a pub that serves an Italian cuisine with a moderate price range. It is not children friendly, and is located in the City Centre.
For higher priced English food, there is The Waterman.  Located in the city centre, it has an average customer rating and is not child friendly.
Aromi has a customer rating of 3 out 5 and serve French food and a coffee shop. They are family friendly and located in the riverside area.
Fitzbillies is a family friendly Japanese  coffee shop in riverside that has a price rage under 20 dollars and an  average customer rating.
The Plough is a moderately priced Japanese, kid friendly pub located near Café Rouge.
For a fast food restaurant based in the city centre then go to Aromi
Green Man serves pub fast food near Café Rouge in city centre.
Children are not allowed in the Green Man, an expensive fast food place, near All Bar One in the city centre.
Taste of Cambridge is a restaurant with an average customer rating, it is also cheap.
Fitzbillies is a cheap eat near Rainbow Vegetarian Café
Japanese cuisine for a reasonable rate close the riverside can be found at Blue Spice.
Midsummer House serves English food and is located near Café Rouge, but has a ow customer rating.
Strada is an average cheap Fast food establishment with a family friendly atmosphere, located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
The Phoenix has French food that is in riverside.  Its price range is really cheap and has a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
The Punter is a restaurant in the high price range. The Punter is a sit-down restaurant. The Punter is an Italian restaurant.
A cheap Indian pub named The Cambridge Blue is located near Café Brazil.
Alimentum is a fast-food establishment. It is expensive and child-friendly. It is located in the riverside area.
With a disappointing 1 out of 5 for the city centre The Phoenix serves moderate Fast Food
The Rice Boat offers Chinese food for less than  £20 and is located in the riverside area near Express by Holiday Inn.  The Rice Boat has a low customer rating and is not family friendly.
Zizzi is a child friendly coffee shop located in Riverside. Prices are moderate and customers rate it 3 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop serving Indian food at a price range of over £30. Its customer rating is high. It is located near the city center and is children friendly.
The Italian Fitzbillies is located near The Six Bells and has a price range for food less than 20 pounds.
Cocum coffee shop is a coffee shop that is very family friendly.
Indian restaurant The Wrestlers is in the high price range and is not children friendly. It has an average customer rating.
The Wrestlers is a family-friendly, 5-star restaurant that serves local fare at reasonable prices.
Browns Cambridge is a British cuisine restaurant that offers moderately priced food, with a 5 star rating.
The Golden Curry is an English food restaurant with a high customer rating.  Located near Café Rouge, this child friendly place is near the riverside.
Loch Fyne is a non-family friendly Italian restaurant.
The Cricketers pub is located near the Ranch
Alimentum is a high price, non-family-friendly Italian restaurant in the city centre.
There is a restaurant near All Bar One called The Cricketers offering English food.
The Cricketers is a restaurant near All Bar One offering Italian food
The Vaults pub  is near Café Adriatic. The price range is more than £30. The customer rating is low.
Located in Riverside, close to Café Rouge, The Golden Curry is a highly rated family Indian restaurant.
A kid friendly Japanese coffee shop that has a 5 out of 5 customer rating is Aromi, which is located in riverside.
The Waterman is a High customer rated Italian restaurant that is children friendly, prices are more than £30 and located on the Riverside.
The non-kid friendly restaurant, The Golden Curry, serves Chinese food in the moderate price range and is near The Bakers.
In the Riverside area, you can find Fitzbillies coffee shop.  The Fitzbillies is family friendly with a high customer rating with prices ranging from 20-25.
The Punter is located near Café Sicilia and offers low priced French food in a family friendly environment with low customer ratings.
The Aromi is a coffee shop that serves Italian food in the riverside area. Its customer rating is average and it is not family-friendly.
The Golden Curry is a restaurant providing Chinese food at a high price range.  It is not child friendly and is located near The Bakers.
The Rice Boat is a fast food place near Express by Holiday Inn. This moderately priced, Kid friendly place is in the city centre area with a rating of 3 out of 5
Strada serves Indian food with a price range of more than 30. It has a high customer rating,  is kid friendly, and is near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
In riverside, Bibimbap House is cheap Fast food located near Clare Hall.
Blue Spice is a restaurant that serves Chinese food with a price range of more than £30 and is located in riverside.
The Rice Boat is a kid friendly restaurant rated 1 out of 5 with high ricing. Located in riverside near Express by Holiday Inn.
The Waterman in high price range is children Friendly
pub more than £30 The Vaults Café Adriatic customer rating
Cocum, a coffee shop that offers fast food is moderately priced and received a 3 out of 5 customer rating.
Strada is low priced, five star rated, and family  friendly. It serves foods such as pasta and is located close to Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
The Rice Boat has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 and is a family friendly fast food restaurant in the riverside.
Browns Cambridge is located by The Sorrento and serves families American food.
The not so family-friendly pub, Zizzi is serving delicious French food.
There is a non-friendly restaurant located near Crowne Plaza Hotel is The Waterman.
The Rice Boat serves Japanese food in the area of riverside near Express by Holiday Inn.  It is family friendly and price range is less than £20.
The Twenty Two is a kid friendly Japanese.
Blue Spice is by the riverside and is an average price.
The Olive Grove is a pub that serves Chinese food at a higher than average price range. They are located in the Riverside area and is a child-friendly place.
In the riverside area near Café Sicilia  is The Twenty Two, a pub with a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
Bibimbap House, an Italian restaurant near Clare Hall in the riverside area, serves food for less than £20.
Alimentum is a children friendly restaurant providing Japanese food in the high price range.  It is located on the riverside.
For French cuisine that children-friendly, hop over to Browns Cambridge in Riverside near The Sorrento.
Zizzi is a 1 starred pub, serving British food. Not family friendly
For child-friendly Japanese fare, try Loch Fyne restaurant.
On the river near The Sorrento is a not family friendly place called Browns Cambridge.
The Wrestlers is a moderate price range English restaurant that is not kid friendly. It has a customer rating 3 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a child-friendly coffee shop in the city centre that serves Japanese food in the high price range. It has a rating of 5 out of 5.
Having a moderate price range in the Riverside area with a 1 out of 5 rating is a family friendly Italian restaurant. called The Waterman.
If you find yourself at the Midsummer House near Café Rouge try some English food though have an iron stomach as it is rated only 1 out of 5.
Green Man is a pub that provides Indian food It is located in the riverside. It is near Café Rouge.
The Vaults offers fast food to adults for less than 20.
A not so family restaurant is Loch Fyne. With a price range that is usually less than £20 serves Chinese food.
The Rice Boat is a family-friendly Fast food in riverside.
The Punter is an interesting low-priced place that provides drinks hamburgers and chips.
The Golden Curry is a fast food restaurant with a low customer rating plus it's not a family-friendly place.
The Olive Grove, a family friendly, mid price range pub, offering French cuisine set by the riverside.
Strada Indian food had average quality with a high price and no children allowed near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
There is a moderately priced kid friendly French restaurant The Golden Curry near The Bakers.
The Waterman is a 1 star kid friendly moderate priced French restaurant in the riverside area.
The Rice Boat is a fast food restaurant in Riverside that is child friendly and received a customer rating of average.
The Phoenix Chinese restaurant is a cheap restaurant located in the riverside area with a great rating of 5 of 5.
Clowns is a family friendly restaurant located near Café Sicilia.  Its price range is over £30.
Not far from the Yippee Noodle Bar the always busy Strada pub is a great place to eat fast food.
The Punter is a great place to enjoy a bottle of wine, some fine cheese, and bread.
There is a kids friendly Japanese restaurant  with the customer rating of 3 out of 5 called The Golden Curry.
The Punter is a child friendly establishment near The Portland Arms in the city centre.  Its prices are reasonable.
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop that serves fast food. It has a great customer rating and is located near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
The Wrestlers is an excellent restaurant located in the city center.
There is a pub in riverside, called The Olive Grove, that is children friendly.  They serve English cuisine with a price Range of more than £30.
There is a high price range fast food place called Wildwood. It has a 1 out of 5 customer rating.
There is a French restaurant that is family-friendly known as The Waterman and located in the city centre.  It has a price range of less than £20 and had average customer reviews.
Blue Spice is located in city centre with a price range of more than £30. It has a customer rating 5 out of 5 and is not children friendly.
The Punter is a high rated and kid friendly coffee shop, located near Café Sicilia. It serves food of the French variety, and it is averagely priced.
In the city centre near Avalon, there is a coffee shop called the Blue Spice that is not family-friendly, has an average customer rating, but has a less than £20 price range.
The Waterman is kids friendly and serves Fast food. It is at the riverside and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
City Centre has a great, five star coffee shop called, The Eagle. It is family friendly and located next to Burger King.
The Cricketers is a Japanese restaurant and All Bar One.
The fast food place Fitzbillies in the city centre is a family-friendly coffee shop. They have an average customer rating and cheap prices.
Browns Cambridge is located outside of the City Centre, near to the Crown Plaza Hotel. It caters for families and offers French cuisine and coffee.
The Rice Boat is a low rated restaurant with a customer rating of 1 out of 5, that serves Indian food in the Riverside area, it is not child friendly.
A riverside pub is the place to be and Clowns is that place
Midsummer House serves Chinese food is located near All Bar One. It has a high customer rating with its price range above £30.
Zizzi is a coffee shop with high customer rating and with average price.  It is located in city centre. It is kids friendly.
There is a children friendly restaurant near Crowne Plaza Hotel that serves Italian food. It is named The Waterman.
The Wrestlers is a  high priced coffee shop that serves fast food but is a non-children friendly atmosphere. It is located near Raja Indian Cuisine both in the city centre.
The riverside restaurant, The Waterman, is an expensive restaurant serving English food. It is not child friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
A low priced hamburger restaurant is Browns Cambridge and has a decent rating of 3 out of 5 stars.
Wildwood is a nice authentic British pub that is not too expensive.
The Travellers Rest Beefeater has a high customer rating and the price range is £20-£25, they are in the City Centre near the Café Adriatic.
The Rice Boat serves English food with an average customer rating. Not recommended for families, it is located in Riverside.
In the city centre, near The Portland Arms, The Punter has a price range of less than £20.  It is not family-friendly.
A coffee shop named The Cricketers which specializes in Italian food is located near The Portland Arms. It's family friendly and rated average by customers.
The Eagle is affordable, highly regarded and convenient to the City Centre area.
A kid-friendly Japanese restaurant called The Rice Boat is located in Riverside with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Cambridge Blue is pub with food prices less than £20. The food menu is English. It is near Café Brazil.
A high customer rating coffee shop near The Bakers is called Giraffe.  There prices range from £20 to 25 and they are non kids friendly.
There is a coffee shop serving Indian food in the river side area near The Sorrento. It is called The Mill and the average price is under £20.
The Mill is located near The Sorrento in the riverside area.  It offers moderately priced food and coffee.
The Wrestlers is a cheap French coffee shop.  It can be found in the city centre, close to Raja Indian Cuisine, not recommended for families.
The Punter is a medium priced restaurant located in City Centre near The Portland Arms.  Not family friendly.
With a fairly high price range, The Rice Boat is located in the riverside area near Express by Holiday Inn. It sells Indian food and is children friendly. Overall, the customer rating is 1 out of 5.
There is a coffee shop called The Eagle with a moderate price range that serves French food and is also kid friendly. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5, located near Burger King by the riverside
A family friendly option is The Rice Boat.  This Indian cuisine is priced on the higher end and has a rating of 1 out of 5.  They are located near Express by Holiday Inn in the city centre.
There is a pub located near the river that is family friendly. It's called Giraffe and serves Italian.
Browns Cambridge  provides  Japanese food high  price range of £25-25  and as a high customer rating
The Waterman is a low priced fast food place outside of City Centre.
If you are looking for a high-rated place to have Indian food in a kid-friendly environment by the Ranch, try Cotto.
Cotto provides Indian food It is near Ranch. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
Near Rainbow Vegetarian Café there is a 5 out of 5 rated restaurant called The Rice Boat.
The Rice Boat is in the City center close to the Express by Holiday Inn. It is medium priced and rated three stars. It is for the whole family and serves fine drinks and food.
Strada provides fantastic French Cuisine. It is a pub type setting and you will find it near the Yippee Noodle Bar.
Family-friendly options are served at Zizzi.
The Rice Boat is a family friendly Japanese restaurant with low rating along the riverside.
The Phoenix is an English restaurant with a high price range. Located in the city centre, it has an average customer rating.
A cheap place that serves Italian food is The Punter.
The Twenty Two has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and high price range. It is kid friendly located in the riverside area near The Rice Boat
The Phoenix is a Japanese restaurant near the riverside that has high ratings.
Near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café, you can get Japanese food at the Strada for around £20-25. With a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It's a no for kids.
A restaurant named The Golden Palace has a moderate price range.
Customers rate Browns Cambridge low. It offers French food for less than £20.
A kids-friendly pub with a high customer rating and average price range of £20-25 is named Cocum.
The Punter is a coffee Shop. It is located in City center near Café Sicilia. Start from low price and family-friendly. Have 5 out of 5 costumer rating.
Strada is a fast food restaurant near Rainbow Vegetarian Café with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 that is high priced and not children friendly.
The Waterman is a pub in the riverside area with French food and a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
You can get low priced coffee at Wildwood near the Ranch.
The Waterman is a kid friendly Italian restaurant near the Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Cotto offers French food and a family friendly environment with a 5 out of 5 customer rating.  It is near Ranch.
The Phoenix is a cheap fast food restaurant located in City Centre. 3 out of 5 customer rating.
In riverside there is a Chinese restaurant called The Twenty Two that is kid friendly .
Midsummer House near the Café Rouge has average customer rating serves English food.
The Waterman is serving Chinese food with a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is located in the city center and is moderately priced and not kids friendly.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop. It offers fast food and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is kid friendly and it offers moderate pricing. It is located in the city centre.
Midsummer House serves English food and is near Café Rouge. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Rice Boat is a Chinese restaurant in city center that has a rating of 5 out of 5 it is not family friendly.
The Bibimbap House is a Chinese restaurant located in riverside near Clare Hall. The Bibimbap has a moderate price range.
The Wrestlers serves Indian cuisine and the price range is average. It has good reviews and is family friendly.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop offering Indian Food at a high price range. Customer rating is 1 out of 5 and it is located in Riverside, it is also child friendly
A great Japanese food destination is The Phoenix it is located in Riverside and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Mill is a pub that sells Italian food for a moderate price in Riverside
The Rice Boat is a 3 star restaurant next to Express by Holiday Inn in city centre.
Cheap restaurant named The Phoenix down by the river in City centre.
To have some light snacks and coffee, Wildwood of Ranch offers the best.
Blue Spice is a highly rated, cheap family venue in the riverside area
Japanese coffee shop, Fitzbillies, is located in the city center.  It is family-friendly, inexpensive but not highly rated.
The Olive Grove  is a French pub with moderated prices located at the riverside family friendly.
With a 5 out of 5 customer rating, Clowns is a Japanese coffee shop located near Clare Hall in the center of the city.
The Eagle fast food eatery. Rated 1 out of 5 by customers.
Located in the city centre is The Rice Boat.  They have a customer rating of 5 out of 5, serve Chinese food and are family friendly.
The Golden Palace is located on the riverside and has a price range of around £20-25
In Riverside there is a moderately priced place called Green Man, it's got Chinese food and is near All Bar One and isn't kid friendly.
Child friendly Fitzbillies , located near Express by Holiday Inn , is rated 3 out of 5
Located near Crowne Plaza Hotel in city centre is a coffee shop named Taste of Cambridge. This coffee shop provides Indian food and is not family friendly.
Aromi is a family-friendly Italian coffee shop, located in the city centre with low customer ratings.
Alimentum serves Chinese food with a high price range. Customer ratings for this joint is 1 out of 5, and is located near the city centre near the Yippee Noodle Bar
The new awesome coffee shop named Clowns is a fast food restaurant on the riverside near Clare Hall.   It has a low customer rating.
Giraffe is restaurant providing The Bakers in the high price range
Alimentum is a family-friendly Japanese food establishment in the city centre with a price range of less than £20.
Blue Spice is a moderately priced coffee shop near Avalon in the city centre. They are not kid friendly and have a 1 out of 5 customer rating.
With a low customer rating and a price range of more than £30, you'll find Blue Spice on the riverside is not children friendly.
This low rated place called The Golden Curry serves English food and is not family-friendly.
Fitzbillies is a low-priced restaurant in the city centre Rainbow Vegetarian Café
For a family friendly restaurant in the riverside area, try The Olive Grove.
The Rice Boat is an Italian restaurant with an average customer rating, located in riverside, close to Loch Fyne.
A non kid friendly coffee shop near Café Sicilia has a 4 out of 5 customer rating. It's called The Punter and has a moderate price range and is has fast-food .
Clowns is a coffee shop which offers Indian food. Its customer rating is average and it is located in city centre near Clare Hall
The Golden Curry is an authentic British restaurant with 1-star reviews and it is not family friendly.
Wildwood is an Italian coffee shop located near Ranch, serving items priced at £20-£25 and and boasting a decent customer rating.
There is a low-quality restaurant called The Phoenix close to the city river.
Strada provides Chinese food in the £20-25 price range. It is near Rainbow Vegetarian Café. Its customer rating is high.
Come enjoy delicious Fast food at Cotto. Yes, this is a child friendly environment near Ranch. Customer Rating: Average
The Waterman is a high priced fast food restaurant located on the river.
An Italian food is The Strada.  It is near Rainbow Vegetarian Café and is not kids Friendly. Price range is between 20 and 25.
Alimentum located in the riverside near Yippee Noodle Bar. Alimentum providing fast food start from £30 and have high customer rating.
With a high customer rating The Eagle offers English food.
The highly rated 'The Rice Boat' offers cheap meals. Located near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
The Loch Fyne restaurant is kid-friendly and offers English cuisine.
In the city centre area is an Italian coffee shop named The Golden Palace. It has a 1 out of 5 customer rating and a high price range.
It has a price range of more than £30 with a low customer rating. Named Fitzbillies is kid friendly near Express by Holiday Inn.
Clare Hall is near the Italian Bibimbap House in riverside. The price are little bit high.
Near the riverside, The Olive Grove is a below average priced pub that is family friendly.
The Loch Fyne restaurant sells French food and is children friendly.
Cocum is a family friendly coffee shop offering Japanese cuisine. It has a five star rating and is in the higher price range.
Near the Café Rouge, in the city centre, The Green Man pub serves French food
Giraffe is a kid friendly coffee shop located near The Bakers. And is rated 1 star
The Mill is a pub, located city centre, which serves high priced Indian food.
Located near the city centre The Waterman is a high priced low customer rated child friendly Indian.
Strada is a moderately priced, kids friendly fast food restaurant, near Rainbow Vegetarian Café. It is rated 3 out of 5.
Midsummer House provides Indian food in the £20-25 price range. It is near All Bar One. Its customer rating is high.
Come visit our new, kid friendly Italian coffee shop Browns Cambridge. Located in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel. High customer ratings will make this a favorite.
The Golden Curry is a Chinese food restaurant with a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is located in the city centre near Café Rouge. It is family friendly.
Poorly-rated Indian pub food can be found at Strada, located near Yippee Noodle Bar.
The Eagle is a five star coffee shop that is family friendly and serves American food. It is located in City Centre next to Burger King.
Green Man is a pub that serves Japanese food. You can find it near Café Rouge in the city centre.
The Mill is a pub  providing  Italian food. It is located in Riverside. The Mill have range price between £20-25.
Near Ranch there is a coffee shop called Wildwood, that serves Japanese food. Their price range is more than £30 and has a low rating.
Alimentum, in riverside, is family friendly, in the less than £20 price range, and serves French food.
The centre city Cotto of Portland Arms has an expensive low customer rated Italian coffee shop.
Near the city centre is a three star restaurant called The Phoenix.
Bibimbap House offers Chinese food, offers Chinese food in a high price range. It is located in a riverside area, near Clare Hall.
Loch Fyne is a restaurant providing Indian food
Midsummer House is a venue providing Indian food. It has a low customer rating and is located near Café Rouge.
The Plough restaurant is near The Bakers with an average price range but not kid friendly.
The Phoenix is a French restaurant in the city centre. It has a 5 out of 5 rating.
Clowns is a moderately priced  Pub is the riverside area. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5
Welcome to The Dumpling Tree Pub where you can bring your children to try our Indian cuisine. We are near The Portland Arms.
It is a cheap pub The Plough offering eating fast food. Nearby Café Rouge. family-friendly
Fitzbillies is near Express by Holiday Inn and is in the price range of less than £20. It is not family-friendly and has a low customer rating.
The adult Japanese coffee shop, Browns Cambridge, is poorly rated and located in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
The Waterman serves Indian Food, but at a high price and its ratings are only average, it is on the riverside and yes its children friendly
The Waterman is an awful Japanese food pub in the city centre.
The Olive Grove is a pub selling Indian food cheaply in a family friendly setting next to the water's edge.
The Phoenix is a restaurant which offers fine Japanese cuisine and has an overall customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is located in the Riverside area.
Located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café, Strada is a Chinese restaurant in the less than £20 price range with a low customer rating.  It is not family friendly.
The Alimentum, located in the riverside area is a moderately priced fast food restaurant.
Located in the riverside area, Alimentum is a place selling Indian food in a moderate price range. Overall, this place has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. For Indian food at moderate prices, you can visit Alimentum in the riverside area near Yippee Noodle Bar.
Chinese food Pub, Strada, has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is located near Yippee Noodle Bar.
For a high-priced, child friendly experience, come to The Punter - on the riverside, near The Portland Arms
The Twenty Two restaurant does not cater for families.
The Wrestlers provides Indian food in the high price range. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Loch Fyne is an establishment that is located in the city centre, near to The Rice Boat. It serves Italian cuisine and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Eagle is a coffee shop that serves Italian food. It is family friendly and the price range is less than £20. It is situated in Riverside, near Burger King; it has a low customer rating
Located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café, Strada is an average priced French restaurant with a high customer rating. It is not kid friendly.
The Eagle located in the city centre near Burger King is a child friendly coffee shop offering moderately priced, average Indian foods.
The Rice Boat is close to the Express by Holiday Inn affordable, Italian and 1 out of 5.
Highly rated The Golden Curry serves Fast food. It is not family-friendly.
Green Man is a more than £30  pub in the city centre.
Clowns is a cheap pub in the city centre area. Customers rate it a 5 out of 5.
there is an average priced coffee shop which is kids friendly in the riverside area called Blue Spice near Avalon
Fitzbillies is a French coffee shop in the city centre. The price range is more than £30 but it has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 and is children friendly.
Wildwood Is a pub where they serve Chinese food with the price of range of less than 20 euros and they have a low customer rating.
Taste of Cambridge is an Italian coffee shop situated in the city centre, near the Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is not family-friendly.
Near The Portland Arms, at the riverside area, you have Cotto: it's a French food coffee shop with prices starting from £30 and with a low customer rating
Located near All Bar One is a highly rated, economically priced Chinese restaurant named Midsummer House.
The Golden Palace is a cheap restaurant
On the riverside you can find a popular coffee shop called Zizzi, it is quite expensive however it is child friendly.
The reasonably priced Italian place, 'The Wrestlers', has average reviews of 3 out of 5 but is not a child-friendly place.
Fitzbillies is a kid friendly venue in the moderate price range. They are located near Express by Holiday Inn.
The Twenty Two is a child friendly restaurant in Riverside that serves Chinese food
Zizzi is a Chinese pub that is low-rated and not family-friendly.
The Wrestlers is a high-priced , non children friendly,  restaurant serving French food with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Indian food from The Wrestlers has a moderate price range, which is given a 1 out of 5 rating from customers. Children are also welcome.
Loch Fyne have a customer rating 3 out of 5, is located in the riverside near The Rice Boat. It Serves Amazing English food
Aromi is in the riverside area. It is a not a family-friendly coffee shop. It has a 5 out of 5 customer rating and serves Japanese food.
The Eagle is a fast food restaurant with moderate reviews.
Green Man is a family oriented restaurant located just near All Bar One. They are on the cheaper side.
Strada is a Chinese food restaurant of moderate price range. The restaurant is located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café, and is rated 1 out of 5 by customers, it is kid friendly.
The Dumpling Tree is a high priced Italian restaurant.
Cotto coffee shop is a low budget fast food restaurant near The Portland Arms.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop serving fast food in the city centre. High price range, average customer rating and not child friendly.
The Loch Fyne is a family friendly English restaurant falling in the less than £20 price range.
The Cambridge Blue is a Italian restaurant. customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Eagle is coffee shop with French food.  Its customer rating is 5 out of 5 and has a price range of over £30.  It is not child friendly.  It is located near Burger King in the riverside area.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop located near he riverside. It sells Japanese food with a moderate price range. It has a 1 out of 5 rating and is not child friendly.
If you are looking for a family friendly restaurant when touring riverside go to The Olive Grove.
In the city centre is The Waterman they are high priced,kid friendly, have a 1 out of 5 rating and serve fast food.
Cocum is a non child friendly coffee shop serving French food. They have a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and are high in price.
The high customer rated restaurant serving Indian food where children are permitted is called The Golden Curry.
Zizzi is a French food child friendly pub with a  high customer rating
Loch Fyne is a French restaurant located in the city centre near The Rice Boat.  It doesn't get good ratings.
With a customer rating of 3 out of 5 in the centre of the city is a kids friendly restaurant that serves English food in the moderate price range named The Rice Boat located near Express by Holiday Inn.
Fitzbillies serves Italian food in the higher price range and is located near to The Six Bells.
Wildwood is an pub-style eatery serving Italian food. The restaurants' prices are high and ratings average.
Japanese edibles at Bibimbap House close to Clare Hall at riverside start from more than £30.
There's an Italian place near the riverside called Loch Fyne.  It's near The Rice Boat.  I've heard great things about it.
In the high price range there is The Rice Boat, a child friendly, Italian restaurant which has received average ratings located near to Express by Holiday Inn.
Wildwood is a high customer rating pub that provides Indian food with prices around £20-25.
The Mill is located in the riverside area.  It is a pub that serves English food with high ranging prices.
If your into Fast food with a high customer rating, kids friendly yes then The Golden Curry Fast food restaurant is for you.
There is a moderately priced restaurant Zizzi located in riverside.
Strada sells Indian food and is located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café. It has a high price range and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is children friendly.
Yes, The Waterman near Crown Plaza Hotel serves Italian food
Fitzbillies is a mid range coffee shop for fast food, it is family friendly and it is nearby the river.
The Waterman restaurant serves Chinese food that is inexpensive, provide fabulous customer rating of 5 out of 5, located in the city centre and of course family friendly.
The Eagle coffee shop is located near Burger King on the riverside. They have fast food, kid friendly, and moderate prices.
Wildwood is  a medium priced coffee shop located near Ranch.
Near The Sorrento, in the city centre, is an Indian restaurant that is not quite family friendly, named Browns Cambridge.
Located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café, The Strada is offering Chinese food at a moderate price. It is rated a one on the scale out of five. This restaurant is also kid friendly.
The Wrestlers serves Fast food in moderate price range; Not kids friendly, customer rating is 3 out of 5.
The Golden Curry is by the riverside near Café Rouge it is kid friendly fast food with a high rating.
With prices more than £30, The Waterman is a children friendly, high rated Italian restaurant located on the riverside.
You'll find The Mill restaurant by the riverside near The Rice Boat.
The Mill is a pub that serves English food with prices that range high in the riverside area.
The Olive Grove in the riverside area is a fast food pub that is also kid friendly. They have meals in the £20-25 price range.
The Waterman is a child friendly Japanese food restaurant with high prices and positive 3 out of 5 ratings.
Alimentum is a medium-priced restaurant in the city centre that serves Italian food, and is not child friendly.
Midsummer House is a highly recommended Italian dining experience located near Café Rouge.
Located riverside with a high customer rating, The Phoenix offers fast food for £30 and up.
The Eagle has a customer rating of 3 out of 5. The price is cheap and located near riverside.
In the City Centre near the Café Adriatic there is the Travellers Rest Beefeater, their price range is £20-£25 and they have a high customer rating.
If you need a quick bite to eat, bring the family to Browns Cambridge, located near The Sorrento on the riverside.
An Indian restaurant, Loch Fyne, is not family-friendly.
The Vaults is a restaurant that serves English food for a moderate price and is very kid friendly.
The Punter has expensive English Food.
Situated at the riverside and serving up English food, The Waterman is a pub with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Loch Fyne is high-priced family-friendly Fast food restaurant.
Loch Fyne serves French food. They are located in city centre, near The Rice Boat. They have a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
There is a non family-friendly, Italian coffee shop in the city centre area that has an average customer rating named Aromi.
Taste of Cambridge is an adult only coffee shop offering spirits and appetizers and is located near the river and the Crowne Plaza Hotel.
The Vaults is a coffee shop near Café Brazil in Riverside that has a 5 out of 5 customer rating.  The price range is more than  £30.
The Mill coffee shop's fast food is priced higher than average and can be found neat The Sorrento in the city centre.
Located next to the river is the Green Man restaurant.  It has moderate prices and is not considered a family friendly place.
Fitzbillies is not a kid friendly French coffee shop in the city centre. It has a high customer rating and the price range is £20-£25.
Within a riverside area, near Clare Hall, there is Bibimbap House, which offers Chinese food from £20-25.
Located in city centre, The Phoenix serves English food and has an average customer rating.
Fitzbillies coffee shop is located in the city centre. They  feature a Japanese food theme, are kid friendly, and have a high customer satisfaction rating. Price range  £20-25.
In riverside you will find a cheap Italian coffee shop called Fitzbillies. However not family-friendly it boasts a high customer rating of 5 out of 5.
An English, average rated, high costing, but yes, kid friendly place is The Wrestlers.
The Loch Fyne is a highly rated restaurant near The Rice Boat and in the city centre.
Loch Fyne sells Japanese Food and is located in the riverside area near The Rice Boat. It has average customer ratings
In the riverside area, you can find The Olive Grove. This pub is moderately expensive, at £20-25 per head, and serves a range of French foods. Children are welcome.
A cheap place to take your family in the riverside area is The Olive Grove, a French pub
The Cricketers is a family friendly pub near Ranch. It has an average customer rating.
The Twenty Two is a riverside view, high-priced restaurant near The Rice Boat with a child-friendly environment and 3 out of 5 customer rating.
The Rice Boat is a family friendly establishment with a 3 star rating.
There is a cheap English food restaurant, The Rice Boat near Express by Holiday Inn located in city centre. The customer rating is average and it is not family-friendly.
Located near All Bar One, Midsummer House is an Indian restaurant in the more than £30 price range with a high customer rating.
Alimentum, in the riverside area, serves traditional English food. It is moderately priced and is a casual, family oriented restaurant.
Located in Riverside you will find Zizzi, a moderately priced, child friendly coffee shop with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Midsummer House is a highly rated Fast food shop  near All Bar One. Meals cost between £20-25
The Golden Curry is a 3 out of 5 star Japanese yes kid friendly environment.
The Plough is a child friendly, mid-priced restaurant near The Bakers
The Punter is a cheap coffee shop located next to Café Sicilia.  It is not family friendly.
For French food served in a restaurant that is children-friendly, come to Loch Fyne.
Loch Fyne is a restaurant that serves Japanese food, is kids friendly, and is in the price range of £20-25.
In the riverside area near Café Adriatic is Travellers Rest Beefeater which has a moderate price range and a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
There is an Indian restaurant named The Twenty Two, and it is family friendly.
There is a cheap pub with average ratings on the riverside, called Clowns
Set in a stunning riverside location, Blue Spice is a French restaurant with high prices but even higher quality.
There is a restaurant located near The Six Bells that is highly priced and serves English food. The restaurant is called Fitzbillies.
Zizzi is a family friendly restaurant providing take-away deliveries and has mostly good reviews.
The Golden Palace got a low customer rating in Riverside. They serve Indian food at high prices.
The Eagle is a fast food restaurant with high customer ratings.
The Mill is a Indian coffee shop. its price range is less than £20 and located in the city centre near The Sorrento.
Strada is a Fast food pub located near the Yippee Noodle Bar. It has a low customer rating.
The Plough located near Café Rouge is a medium priced pub serving Japanese food but is also child friendly.
The Rice Boat is an Indian restaurant in the riverside area near Express by Holiday Inn. It has a moderate price range and is kid friendly with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Wildwood is a coffee shop, located near a Ranch.  Although the price range is a little high and with an average customer rating, it is possible to pick up a range of Italian food.
A coffee shop which also do Italian food in the city centre called Fitzbillies. Is a children friendly environment with a high price range. Customers have rated this place an average.
Cocum is a coffee shop that serves Japanese food between £20 and £25. It is not kid friendly and has an average customer rating.
Clowns near Clare Hall in the city centre is a fast food serving coffee shop with an average customer rating.
Moderately-priced English food can be found at 1 out of 5 Strada, which can be found near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café; it is not kid-friendly.
The Phoenix serving Indian food has a low customer rating and is in riverside.
Browns Cambridge has a high rate charging between 20-25 pounds.
Zizzi's pub serves English food, is kid friendly and received a 1 out of 5 rating.
The golden palace is a coffee shop.
In Riverside, there is a kid-friendly pub named The Twenty Two near The Rice Boat. The pub's prices are moderate, but they only received a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Waterman is an Italian restaurant is the city centre area.  This highly-rated restaurant feature meals for more than £30.  This is not a child-friendly restaurant.
The Wrestlers is a 5 star restaurant for the whole family
The Phoenix by the river, 5 Star Italian cuisine and Spirits at an affordable price.
Italian food can be found in the city centre at The Golden Curry. It has a 1 star customer rating and is not family friendly.
The Punter is a Japanese restaurant with a moderate price range
If you want French food near the riverside, try The Golden Curry. It has a low customer rating and it is children-friendly. It's located near Café Rouge.
Loch Fyne is a family restaurant located in the city centre.
The Eagle is a non-children friendly fast food coffee shop in the city centre near Burger King with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and has a high price range.
The Phoenix offers English food with a cheap price and it has a customer rating 5 out of 5. It is located in the city centre.
If you want fairly-priced English pub grub, I would recommend The Waterman in the riverside area.
Near Rainbow Vegetarian Café, The Rice Boat has a price range of between 20-25 pounds and a high customer rating.
There is a cheap pub The Plough located near Café Rouge. This pub is children Friendly and serves English food in the £30 and over range.
A perfect rating riverside cheap place is called The Eagle.
No, The Eagle is Fast food with coffee shop on side Burger King in the city centre with price less than £20 average
One cheap and family friendly coffee shop is Zizzi. It's in the Riverside area and customers rated it 5 out of 5.
Zizzi is a family-Friendly pub fast food of average customer rating
A family friendly Indian coffee shop that is high priced is located near Burger King in City Centre.  The Eagle has an average customer rating.
The Cricketers is located by All Bar One. It is a fast food restaurant.
Bibimbap House serves expensive Chinese cuisine near Clare Hall, in city centre.
Browns Cambridge is a kid friendly Fast food joint that is on a riverside near The Sorrento.
Cotto is a coffee shop serving high priced Japanese food. It is located near The Portland Arms in the city center and is rated 3 out of 5.
The Olive Grove, a pub serving Japanese food, is in the moderate price range and is not suitable for children.
The Rice Boat is a non family friendly restaurant that is located in riverside near Express by Holiday Inn that serves cheap Indian food.  The customer rating for this restaurant is average.
The Giraffe pub, located next to the river, is known for it's fine wine and cheeses but is not family friendly.
Yes, There is a coffee shop named Fitzbillies with a low rating and French food for less than £20 by the riverside.
Cotto is a high priced but average rated coffee shop near The Portland Arms in the city center that serves Italian food
5 star rating riverside area Chinese food at The Phoenix
A family friendly pub named The Dumpling Tree serves fast  food and is located near The Portland Arms.
The Olive Grove is a pub with moderate price English food in the city centre for adults.
Midsummer House is a fast food venue rated 3 out of 5 stars. It is located near Café Rouge.
Fitzbillies is near Express by Holiday Inn.  It has low ratings and it not children friendly.  It costs more than £30.
The Strada does not cater for children has an average customer review and a price list of less than £20.
There is a child-friendly Chinese restaurant by the riverside. It's called The Rice Boat and is rated average.
Near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café with a price range of less the  £20 is The Rice Boat. Customers have rated the location as low.
Blue Spice is located in the riverside area and offers French cuisine and cheap prices.
Strada is a highly rated kid friendly English restaurant located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.  It is mid-priced  but not child friendly.
There is an average rated coffee shop Aromi by the riverside that provides Fast food. It is not family-friendly.
There is a kid friendly restaurant called Wildwood.
Cotto has a kid-friendly environment and serves French food. It is located near Ranch. Customers give it a 3 out of 5 rating.
The price range of the French restaurant Browns Cambridge is less than £20. It has an average customer rating.
Wildwood is a pub serving Italian food. It has a high customer rating and the price range is more than £30.
The Vaults is a kid friendly Italian restaurant that is in the 20-25 price range.
The Browns Cambridge coffee shop which is a French restaurant is a family-friendly restaurant located near the Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre with low customer rating
There is a low-priced shop that provides high quality coffee drinks and is opened to all age groups located near The Bakers, Giraffe.
Alimentum is a French restaurant near Yippee Noodle Bar that has a low customer rating but costs more than 30 pounds.
The Waterman is a moderately priced Japanese restaurant located on the riverside. It is not kid friendly and has a low customer rating.
Family friendly Cotto, near Ranch, serves Italian cuisine with an average customer rating.
Blue Spice in Riverside is kid friendly, prices for meals are moderate and is has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Midsummer House is an English restaurant with an average customer Rating located near Café Rouge.
Alimentum is a fast-food restaurant with a high price range. It is located in the city centre near Yippee Noodle Bar.
Blue Spice is a family-friendly coffee shop. It is located in the city center near Avalon. It has a price range of cheap with a rating of 5 out of 5.
Loch Fyne is an Indian restaurant in the riverside area located near The Rice Boat, it has a high customer rating of 5 out of 5
The Wrestlers has an average customer rating; it's family friendly, cheap, English food.
The Rice Boat is a Chinese restaurant that is cheap and rated average by customers. It is in riverside. It is family friendly and near the Express by Holiday Inn.
Located near The Portland Arms is a coffee shop  called Cotto that had moderately price menu items.
The Rice Boat is an inexpensive Indian food restaurant in the city centre.  It is not family friendly and receives low customer ratings.  It is located near the Express by Holiday Inn.
Loch Fyne is moderately priced  Japanese restaurant but is not children friendly.
Strada is a child friendly restaurant with  an exquisite menu for reasonable prices.
The Golden Curry is a fine dining restaurant that serves adults.  Not for all ages families.
Fitzbillies is near Rainbow Vegetarian Café and has a moderate price range.
The Golden Curry is family-friendly and is near Café Rouge in the city centre. They serve Italian and have a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
Near The Six Bells, there is a child friendly place called The Golden Curry
Fitzbillies coffee shop offers 5 star service and seafood for the family.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop serving Indian food. It has a  price range of £20 - £25 and a high customer rating. It is located in the riverside area.
The Cambridge Blue is an average rating  Italian restaurant
The Plough is a low-priced family friendly restaurant located near The Bakers.
Bibimbap House has a high price range for English food. Its located near Clare Hall in riverside.
Alimentum provides Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in the riverside.
Near The Rice Boat in the riverside area is an Indian restaurant called Loch Fyne that is rated highly by customers with a 5 out of 5 rating
English food served to adults only, The Wrestlers, have a high customer rating and range in price from 20-25.
With a high customer rating, The Waterman sells Indian food in the riverside area. It is not children friendly and has a price range of more than £30.
A cheap place to buy Chinese food is Midsummer House. Overall, it has an average customer rating and is located near All Bar One.
The Cricketers is a 3-star coffee and sushi bar near The Portland Arms.
A new Italian place called Midsummer House, that has been rated by the customers  1 out of 5 is situated near Café Rouge.
The best Japanese cuisine and coffee shop is at The Mill for just 20-25 euros. Sitting riverside near The Sorrento.
Blue Spice is providing Indian food in the more than £30 price range. It is located in the riverside.
The Eagle serves Italian food and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Cocum is a low-priced coffee shop in the city centre that have family compatibility.
Midsummer House offers Indian food at moderate prices, located near All Bar One. But its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a moderately priced Italian coffee shop. It is near Raja Indian Cuisine, is not kids friendly, and is in the city center.
At The Phoenix  You can get English food in city Centre with the customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Midsummer House is an establishment servicing moderately priced Italian food. It is situated near All Bar One.
The Waterman is a quality family friendly sushi restaurant that offers food at affordable prices.
for a children friendly coffee shop or for some delicious Italian food check out The Cricketers by The Portland Arms.
The Rice Boat is a restaurant providing low quality food in the low price range. It is located in the north of city after Express by Holiday Inn.
The Golden Curry serves Chinese in riverside near Café Rouge. While not family friendly it has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Mill is a Japanese coffee shop in the riverside area, near The Sorrento. It is priced more than 30GBP.
The Waterman offers Chinese cuisine in the low price range. It is located in the city centre, in a non-family friendly environment. It scores low amongst customer satisfaction.
The Vaults is a restaurant that caters mainly to singles and couples, it is low cost fast food.
rated average, in the riverside area, The Waterman pub serves Indian foods.
Cocum is a coffee shop with high ratings and prices starting at 30 pounds. They feature fast foods but are not child-friendly.
The Rice Boat is a French restaurant located at city centre. It is a not family-friendly but has very good customer rating.
The Punter is a child friendly French coffee shop near Café Sicilia but the price is more than  £30 and the customer rating is low.
The Dumpling Tree a high priced English restaurant.
There is an Indian family friendly restaurant located near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café called Strada.  The customer rating is low and the price range is less than 20.
The Eagle is a coffee shop near Burger King in riverside. It has low-prices and is not family-friendly.
The Cambridge Blue is a fast food restaurant. It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 stars.
Aromi is a average family-friendly coffee shop.  It is located in the city centre.
A kid friendly place serving French food with a moderate price range is named Alimentum and is located in riverside.
Found near Café Sicilia is The Punter.  This low budge, low rated coffee shop is not family friendly.
The Plough is a pub that serves pasta and is in the high price range. It is located near Café Rouge and has public restrooms available.
Get some Japanese grub at the Fitzbillies with prices less than £20, located near The Six Bells.
Loch Fyne is a family-oriented restaurant featuring American cuisine.
Giraffe is a coffee shop providing take a service the high price range. It is located near The Bakers. <NEWLINE>   This coffee shop is a high customer rating
Boasting a customer rating of 5 out of 5, The Punter coffee shop serves French food costing more than £30.  They are located near Café Sicilia and are not a child friendly restaurant.
The Twenty Two is a low rated, kid friendly restaurant offering food for less than £20. It can be found in the Riverside area near The Rice Boat.
Blue Spice is near Avalon in Riverside. They are not child friendly. They are low rated coffee shop with a price range of more than £30
There is an average priced Japanese coffee shop by the riverside named The Golden Palace.
There is a coffee shop near Ranch, called Wildwood, which provides fast food. It has a price range of up to £20, and has low customer rating.
The Rice Boat is an adult restaurant offering English food at a low price.  It is located in the city centre near the Express by Holiday Inn.  It has low customer ratings.
The Dumpling Tree is located in the riverside near Café Sicilia  with price range more than 30. It is a coffee shop restaurant it is not children-friendly.
Cotto is a highly rated Italian coffee shop located near The Portland Arms in the City Centre. Its dishes are more than £30.
Near Café Adriatic there is a pub with a price range more than 30 pounds named The Vaults.  It has a high customer rating.
The Eagle  is an Indian food coffee shop located in the City center. Price range is £20-25. Unfortunately not kid friendly. Near Burger King
The Plough is an expensive Pub located near Café Rouge.  It is good for families and it offers American food.
The Plough is located near Café Rouge. They are a high-priced, family-friendly pub.
The Rice Boat is a moderately-priced restaurant in the city centre, near Express by Holiday Inn, that serves English food. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5, and is child friendly.
The Golden Curry is not family-friendly fast food place with a price range of less than £20 and is near The Bakers.
Bibimbap House is nearby Clare Hall, in the riverside area. It serves Italian food at prices less than £20.
In Riverside, there is a kids-friendly fast food restaurant called Browns Cambridge near The Sorrento
The Waterman is a non-family-friendly English restaurant in riverside. It has a low customer rating and price range less than L20.
With a price range of £20-25 the Blue Spice serves French food in the riverside area.
Midsummer House, located next to All Bar One is three star rated, serves pasta, and is low priced.
Cocum is not child friendly and has a 1 out of 5 customer rating. They are a coffee shop serving Italian with a high price range.
For a family friendly restaurant in the riverside area, Alimentum is a great Indian place for under 20.
The Mill pub serves fast food and has moderate prices.  It is located close to the river.
The Rice Boat offers Japanese food. child-friendly. It is located in the city center. Prices are between £ 20-25. Near the Express by Holiday Inn. Customer Rating 3 out of 5
Its less than 20 for family's at The Punter near The Portland Arms in the riverside area.
Midsummer House is a highly rated restaurant which serves Chinese food, it is sited in the city centre near Café Rouge.
The Loch Fyne family friendly restaurant features fast food. and is priced less than 20.00.
Aromi is a kids friendly pub that has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is in the area of riverside.
Cotto is an Indian food restaurant, scoring 1 out of 5, being child friendly and located near Ranch.
If you are looking for a highly-priced pub in the riverside area that serves Chinese food, The Olive Grove is an option.  It is not child-friendly.
The Vaults for French food for children Friendly with high price.
The Dumpling Tree is a restaurant that offers English food and it is priced moderately.
Aromi is a four star family-friendly fast food joint located in the city centre, it also serves the best coffee.
There is an English restaurant called the Green Man, which is located near to All Bar One in the city centre. It has a high price range but is child-friendly.
The Rice Boat is a coffee shop providing low quality coffee drinks in the high price range and it is opened to all age groups. It is located near Express by Holiday Inn.
Bring your family to child friendly Strada, rated 5 out of 5 with a higher end price range.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is located by the riverside near the Café Adriatic with a high price range and an average customer rating.
Wildwood is a moderate priced Italian coffee shop near Ranch. It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Phoenix is a restaurant providing medium priced meals. Located near the River.
Taste of Cambridge is a fast food coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel in riverside. They are not family-friendly.
There is a high priced restaurant that is children friendly near The Bakers, called The Golden Curry.
Alimentum is an expensive, child friendly Chinese restaurant in the city centre.
Cocum is a coffee shop which offers Japanese food without a children friendly atmosphere with a high price range. It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Child friendly 'The Twenty Two' offers English food by the river.
A great coffee shop located next to The Bakers is Giraffe, it is high priced.
Midsummer House is a high-rated, fast food place near All Bar One. Prices are more than £30.
The Mill is a pub that serves French food. It is by the riverside near The Mill and costs less than 20 Euros.
The lowly rated pub Zizzi is not family friendly. The Indian grub isn't so friendly either.
Located in the city center, The Eagle is a coffee shop offering moderate Japanese food.  Children are welcome.  Close by is Burger King.
Zizzi is a coffee shop located in City centre and is moderately priced with 1 out of 5 stars and is not kid friendly
The Twenty Two provides Indian food
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop next to Raja Indian Cuisine that offers sushi. It is family friendly and is low priced.
Cotto, located near Ranch, is kid friendly and serves French food but has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Moderately priced Alimentum, is an Italian restaurant located at the city centre near Yippee Noodle Bar with a 3 out of 5 customer rating.
The Mill is a pub  in the city centre. It serves Fast food and is in the moderate price range.
A medium priced place to eat is the Alimentum.  It is also family friendly.
Aromi is a family friendly pub in Riverside with 1 out of 5 for customer rating.
There is a family friendly Fast food pub on the riverside called Giraffe.
Green Man has three toilets and is cheap. It  serves fast food and is next to All Bar One.
If you are searching for a not family-friendly pub that serves Fast food, The Olive Grove is quite cheap and is near the riverside.
The Waterman is an Indian restaurant that is a bit pricey but child friendly. It is located on the riverside and has a rating of average based on its past customers.
Midsummer House offers English food and can be found near Café Rouge.  It has received a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Wildwood is an expensive 5 star fast food restaurant with a coffee shop as well. It is above the Ranch.
Strada is a high priced restaurant with a rating of 3 out of 5.  It is not child friendly.
Aromi is a fast food coffee shop that is located in the city centre rated as average by adults over the age of 19.
Located near All Bar One is The Green Man. It is family friendly and offers Italian food at a medium price point.
Strada has a price range of £20-25. It has a high rating and is kid friendly.
The Vaults is an expensive, one-star coffee shop by Café Brazil at the riverside.
Midsummer House is nestled in a busy part of town. You can enjoy, for instance, a cheese board with some wine. Medium prices and low ratings. Located near All Bar One.
The Punter is an expensive 5 star, family friendly coffee shop. It is located near Café Sicilia, and also serves American cuisine.
The Punter, near Café Sicilia, is an average French coffee shop, not family-friendly, and priced at less than £20.
The Golden Curry is a restaurant providing breakfast food. It is located in the city centre.
The Vaults pub rating is Average. They are cheap and located near Café Adriatic.
Try Fitzbillies; near The Six Bells. This is a fast food restaurant with prices less than   £20.
Green Man at All Bar One in the City centre has good affordable meals for everyone. It is however not child friendly.
The coffee shop The Punter is located near to Café Sicilia.  This family-friendly shop serves average-priced Japanese food.  Customers give this coffee shop 1 star out of 5.
Near Café Adriatic, along the river is Travellers Rest Beefeater with cheap prices but a rating of 5 out of 5.
There is a good  restaurant near The Rice Boat. Loch Fyne is riverside and serves Japanese cuisine.
The Rice Boat is located in the center of the city near Express by Holiday Inn. It is family-friendly and serves fast food. The price range is cheap and the customer rating is average.
There is a moderately priced, three out of five star rated restaurant named Taste of Cambridge.
Zizzi is a high-rated, kid-friendly, fast food pub.
Strada is a fine dining restaurant near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.  It is moderately priced and family friendly.
With an average customer rating, The Twenty Two pub is located in riverside near Café Sicilia.
Midsummer House is a Five-Star English food restaurant near Café Rouge.
In the riverside area is a children friendly place with a price range of more than £30.  The Waterman has Japanese food and a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Located in the city centre, The Waterman is a non family-friendly Japanese restaurant with an average customer rating and price range of less than £20.
Fitzbillies is a highly rated, highly priced coffee and Indian food restaurant in the city centre.
The Waterman has a rating of 1 out of 5, and is located in the city centre. It is not children friendly, and is a high priced fast food restaurant.
The Rice Boat sells Italian food and is near Express by Holiday Inn. It has high price range, average customer ratings but is not children friendly. It is located in riverside.
There's a highly rated restaurant called Loch Fyne that serves Chinese food in the riverside area, nearby The Rice Boat.
There is a place to eat near The Portland Arms that is family friendly and serves Fast food in the pub style.  It is named The Dumpling Tree.
The Golden Palace is a cheap Italian coffee shop with an average customer rating located in city centre.
Aromi is a kid friendly pub in the riverside area with a rating of 5 out of 5
The Eagle is an Italian restaurant with a low customer rating.
The Phoenix is a restaurant serving cheap Fast food in the area of riverside.  It has an average customer rating.
Aromi is a 5 star rated, child friendly pub in the Riverside area
In Riverside, near Express by Holiday Inn is an Indian restaurant called The Rice Boat. It is cheap and has an excellent customer rating.
Customers rate Cotto highly. It is by the rive near The Portland Arms and is a coffee shop selling Italian food. The average price per head is over £30.
The Waterman is a family-friendly restaurant with English food near Crown Plaza Hotel.
Alimentum provides highly priced Chinese food. It is located in the city centre. It is not children friendly.
Near Café Rouge on the riverside, the pub Green Man serves English food.
in the riverside near  Yippee Noodle Bar  there's a cheap Fast food restaurant called Alimentum has a high customer rating
The Rice Boat is a Indian restaurant near Express by Holiday Inn in the city centre. Family friendly, price range less than £20 but rating is low.
The Vaults provides Chinese food in the less than £20 price range.
The Waterman is a family friendly, low price, restaurant that serves French food by the riverside.
Travellers Rest Beefeater has a high price range. It is located in the riverside area near Café Adriatic. It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Near Raja Indian Cuisine in Riverside there is a moderately priced Fast food coffee shop named The Wrestlers. It is not kids friendly.
Zizzi is a cheap restaurant in the Riverside area.
The Dumpling Tree is an Italian restaurant that serves moderately priced food.
Located by the riverside near All Bar One is a family friendly Japanese venue called Green Man which is cheap
The Twenty Two is a family friendly establishment with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 and a cheap price range. It is located by the riverside near The Rice Boat.
Rated 1 out of 5 by customers, the kid-friendly Japanese restaurant called The Rice Boat is in the riverside area.
With average ratings, Browns Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop in the city centre. There is a Crowne Plaza Hotel close by.
Zizzi is a restaurant in the city centre priced less than £20.
Located near Ranch, Wildwood is a coffee shop selling Indian food at average high prices. Customer rating is average.
The Waterman serves three star Italian food in its city centre pub
Midsummer House is a breakfast restaurant located a short distance away from All Bar One. The prices reasonable.
In the riverside area you will find the Blue Spice providing English food in the £20-25 range.
The Cambridge Blue is located near Café Brazil. This pub offers Chinese cuisine priced between 20-25 pounds.
There is a low-price restaurant Midsummer House in Café Rouge that serves food with chopping sticks.
A 3 out of 5 rated children friendly French restaurant, Cotto,  is located near Ranch.
Near The Portland Arms, is a Japanese, family friendly coffee shop, named The Cricketers. The Cricketers also received an average customer rating.
Wildwood is a child-friendly restaurant.
A place with Japanese food is The Golden Curry and has a high rating. It is next to Café Rouge.
Wildwood, is restaurant pub yes French £20-25
Cocum is a mid-priced, 3-star coffee shop that welcomes families and children.
Strada, a high-priced Chinese restaurant near Rainbow Vegetarian Café, has an average customer rating and is children friendly.
A kid friendly Fast food place named Strada near Rainbow Vegetarian Café with high customer rating and a price range of £20-25.
The Cambridge Blue is a pub serving Japanese food. It is located near Café Brazil with a price range less than £20.
Midsummer House is a French house. You can find it near All Bar One. The Price range of food there is high. Many people rated it 4 out of 5.
The Rice Boat is an high quality kids friendly restaurant that serves English food located in Riverside.
The Waterman has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 stars and is a kids friendly moderately priced restaurant located in the city centre.
The Waterman serves English food located in the city centre area. High customer rating, kid friendly with prices ranging from £20-£25
Alimentum,Is near Yippee Noodle Bar, in the riverside area, With a price Range more than £30, Japanese food has a customer Rating of 5 out of 5.
There is a French food establishment within the city centre near to Café Rouge, with an average customer service rating and is not family-friendly called The Golden Curry.
Riverside has an Italian restaurant call Alimentum. They are high priced and discourage patrons from bringing small children.
The Wildwood restaurant is child friendly.
There is a child friendly pub called Giraffe in riverside. Giraffe serves English food.
The Phoenix provides Indian food. It is located in the city centre. Customers rate it a 5 out of 5.
Near the Burger King in the City Centre is a low priced, low rated coffee shop named The Eagle that isn't family friendly
Try The Rice Boat a family-friendly Fast food place in the city centre customer rating 5 out of 5
Japanese food is served at Midsummer House.  They have a low customer rating, but have a price range less than £20 and are near All Bar One.
Cotto is a coffee shop serving Italian food at cheap prices on the riverside, located near The Portland Arms with a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
Green Man has inexpensive sushi that is located near All Bar One.
The Vaults is a child friendly Indian restaurant whose range is more than £30.
The Vaults offers a classy dining experience for adults looking to enjoy Chinese food.
The Vaults is an expensive coffee shop with only one star. It is near Café Brazil in the riverside are.
In the city centre near the Express by Holiday Inn is The Rice Boat which serves Japanese cuisine. It has a cheap price range and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is not family-friendly.
The Dumpling Tree is a family Friendly pub that serves Italian food. It is near The Portland Arms.
The Phoenix is a 1 star rated cheap restaurant next to the river
Located in the city center, The Olive Grove does not welcome children and is a high priced English pub.
The Eagle is a coffee shop at the riverside, near Burger King, and serves French food for less than £20 and is family Friendly
Near the Express by Holiday Inn there is a high customer kid friendly Italian in the city centre called The Rice Boat priced £20-25.
The Golden Curry serves Japanese food in a children friendly environment with a 3 out of 5 customer rating.
The Vaults is an inexpensive coffee shop in the city centre near Café Brazil with a low customer rating.
There is a cheap fast-food restaurant Alimentum near Yippee Noodle Bar, in the riverside area that has a 5 out of 5 rating.
Aromi, in riverside, is a high rating children friendly pub
In the riverside area  near Clare Hall is  the cheap Italian restaurant Bibimbap House
The Olive Grove is a pub which is not family-friendly. They are in riverside, and serve Italian food in the price range of less than £20
Browns Cambridge is a Fast food eatery with a high customer rating and a price range of £20 - £25.
Wildwood, an English pub, has a price range of more than £30, but has a high customer rating.
Strada, located near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café, is a family friendly five-star restaurant with low prices.
Strada is a restaurant that serves Indian food , the price range is moderate and the customer rating is 3 out of 5. The people of the restaurant are friendly with kids and it is located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
The Twenty Two is an inexpensive family restaurant located near The Rice Boat.
Chinese restaurant, The Rice Boat, in the City Centre.
The Eagle is expensive with a low rating and near the riverside.
Wildwood is a French coffee shop by Ranch ranging from 20-25 pounds with high customer ratings.
The Phoenix is a restaurant that provides French food. It has a low customer rating and is located in the city centre.
The Rice Boat is a cheap Chinese restaurant with an average rating.  It is family friendly and can be found in riverside, near Express by Holiday Inn.
The Golden Curry is a Chinese restaurant that is kid friendly. The customer rating is 1 out of 5.
There is a moderately-priced family-friendly restaurant called The Waterman located near the river in the City Centre.
The Phoenix, an English restaurant near the river, has a high price range but a low rating of only 1 out of 5 stars.
There is a cheap wine tasting restaurant near the Yippee Noodle Bar that has poor reviews called Alimentum.
Fitzbillies is a moderately priced restaurant near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
A family-friendly pub known as The Cricketers is located near Ranch and has a low customer rating.
The Eagle is a riverside coffee shop serving cheap French food, near Burger King. It may be a no families environment, but with a customer rating of 5 out of 5, you can't complain.
With a customer rating of 5 out of 5, Zizzi is a coffee shop located on the riverside with a cheap price range. They are also family friendly.
The Wrestlers is a Chinese restaurant with a moderate price range and a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is also kids friendly.
Wildwood is a restaurant available to serve the kids.
The Golden Curry, near Café Rouge, serves Japanese food, is kid friendly, customer rated 1 out of 5, and is located riverside.
Green Man is a low priced restaurant located next to All Bar One.
The Twenty Two is a non-family-friendly establishment that serves English food by the riverside.
Clowns restaurant is located near the Café Sicilia in Cambridge. It has a medium-priced menu and is unsuitable for families with small children.
in the riverside area Aromi restaurant serves English food
Loch Fyne is a Japanese restaurant with an average priced menu. It is not child friendly.
There is pub grub at The Olive Grove pub at moderate prices located in the riverside adults only
The Golden Curry serves Fast food near The Bakers and has a cheap price range and is family friendly.
Green Man is a family-friendly restaurant that serves English food located Near All Bar One in riverside. The price range is below £20.
Located near The Rice Boat, Loch Fyne is an average-quality fast food restaurant in the riverside area.
The pub Wildwood offers fast food at a high price point. The pub is rated 1 star.
If you're with the family and want cheap fast food, there is a placed called Loch Fyne.
Ratings for restaurant Strada is 5 out of 5.
The Twenty Two, providing French food is kids friendly found in riverside.
The Waterman is a kid friendly place where you can order French food. You'll find it in the city centre. It is in the moderate price range, with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Rice Boat is moderately expensive French food venue which does not welcome children and can be found near Express by Holiday Inn in the city centre.  Customers do not rate it very highly.
Browns Cambridge sells Japanese food near The Sorrento by the riverside. It is children friendly.
There is a Ranch that is family friend, it is named Cotto and it has Italian food. The customer rating is 5 out of 5.
The Mill is a coffee shop providing Indian food in the high price range. It is located in the riverside. It is near The Sorrento.
There is a children friendly coffee shop The Wrestlers near Raja Indian Cuisine located in the riverside. It serves French food  for more than £30.
For average Chinese food in a family friendly restaurant, you should try The Rice Boat, located in the riverside area.
At riverside near Burger King, there is a coffee shop called The Eagle which provides fast food. It is not family-friendly and is in the cheap price range. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
With an average rating, The Rice Boat is close to the Rainbow Vegetarian Café, but has a high price range.
Loch Fyne is an Italian food restaurant in the Riverside area near The Rice Boat. It has a high customer rating.
Green Man has a high price range but a children friendly atmosphere, located in riverside.
Alimentum is a French restaurant that offers kid friendly meals. It is located in the riverside area and has a moderately priced menu.
Near Burger King is a highly acclaimed, kid friendly coffee shop, The Eagle
The Japanese restaurant, The Phoenix, has a high customer rating.  It is inexpensive and in riverside.
The Plough is a Japanese pub near Café Rouge that is not family-friendly and has a price range of more than 30 pounds.
looking for moderate priced food on the riverside for your kids, come to The Twenty Two. Near The Rice Boat and rated 1 out of 5
Browns Cambridge, a child friendly restaurant serving English food, is in the riverside area near The Sorrento
The Waterman is a fast food restaurant that is child friendly and has a high customer rating. It has expensive food and is in the city centre.
The Golden Curry is a French restaurant which is family friendly. However, it has a low customer rating.
The Eagle serves English food and has low customer rating.
The Golden Curry is a family friendly place located near The Bakers.
The Eagle, in the city centre near Burger King, is a coffee shop serving Italian food  It  is kid friendly with moderate prices and customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The moderately priced Indian food restaurant, The Wrestlers, is not a kids friendly place. Which explains its 3 out of 5 rating from customers.
In the city center near Burger King, there is a French coffee shop called 'The Eagle'. It has a child-friendly environment with reasonable prices and excellent customer reviews.
Zizzi is a kid friendly Japanese pub but it does have a low customer rating  of 1 out of 5.
The Rice Boat is a five star family-friendly Italian restaurant in city centre.
The Waterman, a Chinese food serving pub in the city centre has an average customer rating.
The Waterman is a Chinese restaurant that has an average rating. It allows children, has a moderate price range and is in the city centre.
Fitzbillies, located in the riverside area, offers Indian food and a coffee shop.  The establishment is child friendly, has an average customer rating and the pricing is in the high range.
The Rice Boat is a kid friendly, English style restaurant located by the river with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Golden Curry is a £10 family friendly French food near The Bakers
Alimentum is a cheap Indian food restaurant with a 5 out of 5 rating by the riverside near Yippee Noodle Bar.
For family friendly Fast food near Ranch, Cotto is a good choice with an average customer rating.
The Waterman near Crowne Plaza Hotel is Japanese and kid friendly.
The Olive Grove, is located near Lion Yard and offers great take-in food at low prices, every day.
Loch Fyne is a restaurant providing Chinese food
Midsummer House is a cheap dine-in restaurant that has fairly good reviews and is located next to the All Bar One.
There is a French pub called the Giraffe that is kid-friendly and located along the riverside.
The Punter provides Japanese food. It has moderate price range.
There is a cheap restaurant with low ratings in Riverside near Express by Holiday Inn called The Rice Boat.
There is a moderately priced English food restaurant Bibimbap House near Clare Hall in the city center.
With a high customer rating Zizzi is a kid friendly Italian food serving pub
The Waterman a high priced, average, not kid friendly serves Indian foods in the city center.
Zizzi, a family friendly English style pub with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Zizzi is a coffee shop located in the riverside area in which customers should expect to pay more than £30.  It has a low customer rating, and children are not accommodated.
There is a location moderate priced, average-rated and kid friendly called Fitzbillies located near Express by Holiday Inn
Cotto is a coffee shop that serves costly sushi, although it is definitely worth the price. Cotto is located north of the city center, nearby The Portland Arms and the river.
A kid friendly moderate restaurant called the Strada is 3 out of 5.
Midsummer House is expensive and located by All Bar One. It serves low rated English food.
The Mill which is riverside pub is offering a £35 deal on Japanese food
The Eagle is a family-friendly coffee shop in the high price range, located close to Burger King.
The restaurant Loch Fyne provides French food. It has a price range of more than £30 and is not children friendly.
There is a cheap restaurant Alimentum located in the riverside that provides Fast food  in the price range less than £20. It is not family-friendly.
Located near Café Sicilia is The Punter coffee Shop where families can purchase fast foods at low cost
For a cheap restaurant in the city centre, try The Twenty Two.  It is near The Rice Boat and food costs less than £20.  However, it is not family-friendly.
Midsummer House is an Italian restaurant with cheap prices near the All Bar One with high customer ratings.
An Indian coffee shop in riverside, located near Burger King, is children friendly and has a high price range. It is called The Eagle and has an average customer rating.
For average priced, highly rated Italian food there is The Rice Boat. It is located in the city centre near Express by Holiday Inn and is child friendly.
Near The Sorrento, there is a children friendly Japanese restaurant called Browns Cambridge. It is located by the riverside.
The French Pub, Wildwood is low priced with a low rating.
The Phoenix, located riverside, has a price range less than £20, but has a low customer rating.
The Golden Curry is a 3 out of 5 rated, kid friendly Japanese restaurant.
A Japanese restaurant with a price range of more than £30 is called The Punter.
Fitzbillies is a French coffee shop located in the city centre and is not child friendly and is in the more than £30 price range.
A bit above average in price, The Twenty Two near The Rice Boat in the riverside area  is low rated and not child friendly.
The average price range for The Rice Boat is between £20-£25, its near Rainbow Vegetarian Café and boasts a high customer rating.
There is Alimentum located in the riverside area near of Yippee Noodle Bar. Offers moderate-priced in Fast food and has 3 out of 5 customer rating.
Near The Rice Boat on the riverside with Italian food and a customer rating of 1 out of 5 is Loch Fyne.
The Phoenix in riverside serves Chinese food with a low customer rating.
The Rice Boat is a Italian Food, very kids friendly location in the Riverside area with a 3 out of 5 customer rating
a low rating Japanese restaurant costing less than £20 and family Friendly is The Waterman
In city centre near The Rice Boat is Loch Fyne. A venue serving English food with a low customer rating.
A few steps of the All Bar One, there is an expensive place called Midsummer House where it is served English food. It has a poor rating between its customers.
Within the City centre is a family friendly sushi restaurant called The Twenty Two.
a pub The Golden Palace is located by the riverside near Rainbow Vegetarian Café with a high price range
In the Riverside area, there is a place you may want to visit called the Bibimbap House. It's near Clare Hall and offers fast food at great, cheap prices.
Near The Bakers, is The Golden Curry. Serving Japanese food cheap for the whole family.
The Eagle, is a Japanese restaurant, is also a coffee shop, this is a good place for kids,and is near Burger King, the price is not that bad and is located in the city center.
The Dumpling Tree is a fast food pub located near The Portland Arms. It is not family-friendly.
The Rice Boat is near the city center and is rated 5 out of 5 by customers.  It serves French food and is family-friendly.
Near Café Rouge, The Plough offers fast food style food in an expensive pub type setting. They also welcome children.
In the riverside is a coffee shop with an average rating called Fitzbillies. It has a high price range and serves Italian food.
The Mill is located in the city centre and is a pub serving Japanese food in the more than £30 price range.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop which serves Italian food. It is in the city centre area with a customer rating  of 1 out of 5. It is not kids-friendly
The Phoenix serves French food with an average price over £30, has a 5 out of 5 customer rating and is situated in the riverside area
In the high price range is a pub serving English food  names The Olive Grove, which is in the city center and is not child friendly.
The Waterman is in the riverside area and serves cheap Chinese food and is family friendly but it has a customer rating of average.
Fitzbillies coffee shop is located in the city centre. They serve cheap Indian food and are family friendly , but have a low customer rating.
Zizzi is a child friendly pub serving English food. It has a high customer rating.
The Eagle in riverside, customer rating is average, and the price range is high.
I would give Cocum a 3 out of 5 rating. This is because although it is Child friendly, it has a high price range for a coffee shop
The Waterman is a pub that sells Japanese food and is located in riverside and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Waterman is a three star pub located just north of the City Centre that serves fine wines and cheeses.
An option for Japanese food in the city centre area is The Wrestlers coffee shop located next to Raja Indian Cuisine.  This is not a family-friendly coffee shop.  This coffee shop has an average-priced menu.
A coffee shop called Clowns is near Clare Hall in city centre. It serves Japanese and has an average customer rating.
Wildwood is on a campus and its low prices are affordable for students.
Try the Alimentum in the city centre for some mid-range priced food.
Near the Yippee Noodle Bar located in riverside is the Alimentum. Cheap Japanese food.
The Waterman, what a place. The quality is fantastic and the prices are mid-range. A great place for the whole family where a selection of fruits, cheese and wine can be enjoyed.
A family restaurant, The Blue Spice, is located near Avalon in the city centre and provides a coffee shop with a price range of £20 - 25 and an average customer rating
The Plough Japanese pub £20-25 yes  Café Rouge
An expensive Japanese restaurant is Blue Spice located at riverside.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop which serves Indian food at a high price range. It has an average customer and it is located near the city center, but is not family friendly.
The Eagle is a coffee shop that serves French food and is situated near Burger King at Riverside. Low customer ratings and not suitable for families yet low price range of around £20.
The Twenty Two is a child friendly restaurant serving English food
Highly recommended Italian food can be found on the riverside at The Phoenix.
Zizzi is a children-friendly coffee shop in riverside it has a high price range but a average customer rating.
The Golden Curry is a family restaurant reasonably price near The Bakers.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop offering French food  in the £20-25 price range. It's located in the city centre with a customer rating of three out of five. It is kid friendly.
Although it has low customer ratings, French pub Zizzi offers a child friendly environment.
Blue Spice is highly rated, kid-friendly, and moderately priced at £20-25. It's on the riverside.
The Waterman is a non-kid friendly Japanese restaurant with a price range of 20 - 25 pounds. It has a customer rating of 3 out 5 and is in the riverside area.
Midsummer House provides Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is near All Bar One. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Cheap, 5 out of 5 restaurant located in the city centre. Blue Spice is not family-friendly.
Alimentum is a high-end sushi restaurant north of the city centre nearby Yippee Noodle Bar.
Alimentum serves cheap, affordable, Indian food. Customers have rated the food average. Alimentum is located near the riverside and Yippee Noodle Bar.
Located in the city centre, The Rice Boat is a non family-friendly English restaurant with an average customer rating.
Bibimbap House is an Italian food establishment near The Rice Boat, which is in a riverside area
The Rice Boat is a fast food restaurant serving burgers and fries in the low price range. It is located north of the city centre, on the river,  conveniently next to the Express by Holiday Inn.
Located in city centre is a cheap restaurant Blue Spice with  a high customer rating.  Not family-friendly.
The Phoenix with a customer rating score of 3 out of 5 serves Fast food on the riverside.
The waterman is a family friendly sushi restaurant near the river. It is expensive and rated 3 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop located in riverside area that provides Indian foods with a price range less than £20 . It has a low customer rating and not family friendly.
The Cricketers is a non family-friendly French coffee shop near The Portland Arms with an average customer rating.
Bibimbap House is near The Rice Boat in the riverside area and serves Italian food.
At the riverside near The Rice Boat is Loch Fyne. It has an average customer rating and serves English food.
The Plough pub serves moderately priced Chinese food. It's located near Café Rouge. Unfortunately children are not welcome here.
The Twenty Two is a Fast food joint. Yes it is children friendly.
The Waterman is rated low but it is a restaurant for the whole family. It is located in the heart of the city and offers Indian food for under £20.
There is a highly rated place that provides French food in the city centre. Its name is The Phoenix and it is also expensive.
With a cheap price range, Loch Fyne is a  family friendly restaurant with French food.
Japanese food is available in the city centre at the pub called the Giraffe. It is not family-friendly.
A kid-friendly restaurant located near Express by Holiday Inn, called Fitzbillies has a moderate price range and is rated 1 out of 5 by customers.
The Olive Grove is a family-friendly restaurant in the center of the city.
The Rice Boat provides Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in the city centre. It is near Express by Holiday Inn. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
The Cricketers pub near the Ranch is not suitable for children.
Loch Fyne is  a restaurant providing moderately-priced, English style food and a child friendly experience.
Located in the centre of the city near Raja Indian Cuisine, moderately priced The Wrestlers offers an adult, non kid friendly fast food experience.
There is a pub called Wildwood that serves Fast food at a cheap price and a low customer rating.
An inexpensive  noodle restaurant is Bibimbap House. It is near the river and Clare Hall.
The Golden Palace is a three star coffee shop located in the northern part of the city.
Cocum is not a family-friendly place. It is a coffee shop with a price range of less than £20. It has an average customer rating serving Japanese food.
Bibimbap House serves expensive noodles by Clare Hall.
The highly rated Travellers Rest Beefeater is situated by the river near the Café Adriatic, and offers higher price range.
The Rice Boat is a Chinese restaurant that has moderate prices and their customer rating is 3 out of 5. No, it is not kids friendly, its located by the riverside, near Express by Holiday Inn.
The Rice Boat is a family friendly Japanese restaurant near Express by Holiday Inn in the riverside area.  The price range is less than £20.
Strada is an Italian pub located near Yippee Noodle Bar and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Aromi is a family friendly pub on riverside with low customer ratings.
There is a mid priced coffee shop called Cotto in the city centre near The Portland Arms that also serves moderately rated Japanese food.
The Rice Boat is a restaurant providing low quality food in the low price range. It is located in the north of city after Express by Holiday Inn.
Fitzbillies is family friendly with high price and 3 out  of 5 customer Rating is located by Express by Holiday Inn
The Rice Boat provides Indian food in the price range of £20-25. It has a high customer rating. It is located in riverside near Express by Holiday Inn. It is family friendly.
there's a  fast food coffee shop  near Clare Hall  called The Clowns
The Cambridge Blue pub serves Indian food for more than £30. It is located near Café Brazil.
The Rice Boat sells cheap Fast food. It is rated 5 out of 5 and is known to be family-friendly. It is located in the city center near Express by Holiday Inn.
The Olive Grove serves English food and moderately-priced pub that is also kid friendly and located in the riverside area.
Fitzbillies located in the city centre area is an average rated Italian coffee shop with a high price range that is not child friendly
An English restaurant which can be found in the city centre near Clare Hall is called Bibimbap House. It offers food at a moderate price.
Priced middle of the road at 20-25 euros, Travellers Rest Beefeater, is a kid friendly restaurant.
Strada is a 3 out of 5 rated restaurant.
The Twenty Two is a child friendly place located near The Rice Boat on the riverside.  It has a 3 out of 5 rating, and is expensive.
French food at moderate prices can be found at The Waterman. It's kid friendly at The Waterman, which is located in the city centre. It has a rating of 1 out of 5 by customers.
The Eagle is Japanese Fast food with coffee shop on side Burger King with low rank and no more than £30
The Eagle is a low customer rated Japanese restaurant.
Loch Fyne provides Indian food with a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is located on the river near The Rice Boat.
The Dumpling Tree pub is a Chinese food restaurant near The Portland Arms. Bring your friends to enjoy. Kids are not allowed in this place.
Fitzbillies is a family-friendly coffee shop serving Italian food located near the river. It has a low point and five-star rating.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop along the river near the Crown Plaza Hotel.  They serve wine and hors d'oeuvre in a family friendly atmosphere and have a one-star rating.
Cocum coffee shop.  High cost family friendly fast food.  3 star rating
Aromi is a convenient stop for those with children in Riverside, serving both coffee and Fast food. However the customer ratings are only average.
Yes the The Twenty Two is Japanese.
Strada is a family-friendly restaurant located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café. It has a one out of five star rating and is high-cost.
Aromi is a fast food coffee shop locate in the city centre with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.  It is not family-friendly.
Take the kids to a fine dining experience at the French Alimentum, in Riverside.
Cotto is a  restaurant providing Chinese food.  It is located near Café Rouge.
The Waterman is a child friendly Italian restaurant near the Crowne Plaza Hotel.
The child friendly coffee shop Zizzi has a high customer rating with expensive food along the riverside
There is a restaurant on the riverside, serving English food, called The Rice Boat. It is not considered family-friendly and it has a low customer rating.
Kid friendly coffee shop with an average price range and high customer rating. Blue Spice is locater in the city centre near Avalon.
The Wrestlers is a one star restaurant that caters to families with British style food.
The Eagle is a cheap Indian coffee shop with an average customer rating. It is in riverside location near Burger King, and is family friendly.
There is a fantastic restaurant called The Golden Palace. Prices range from £30.
Strada is a popular pub, serving Chinese food and has been described by customers as average. It is very close to the Yippee Noodle Bar.
The Golden Palace offers French food in its coffee shop based in the city centre.
Browns Cambridge has a high customer rating. They serve Indian food for around £20-25.
You can grab a bite in Blue Spice located at riverside. It serves English cuisine and it's fairly cheap.
The French riverside restaurant, The Waterman is a highly rated restaurant with prices ranging more than £30.  It is not child friendly and has been rated 5 out of 5 by customers.
The Cricketers is an averagely rated coffee shop, that serves Italian food. This family friendly shop is located near The Portland Arms
Leave the kids at home when you visit Green Man, a high-end Indian restaurant near All Bar One in the Riverside Area.
The Mill is a pub that is less then 20, English food by the riverside.
There is Japanese food at Fitzbillies in the city centre. It is a coffee shop with a price range of less than £20 and is family-friendly. It has a low  customer rating.
Blue Spice restaurant in the riverside area has English food with moderate prices
The Cricketers is a British restaurant next to All Bar One.
There is a family friendly Fast food pub in the riverside area that sells food for less than £20 called The Olive Grove
There is a cheap pub The Olive Grove, located near the riverside.  It is family friendly and serves Japanese food.
Blue Spice, a coffee shop, is located in the city centre area near Avalon. its price range is less than £20 and its customer rating is average but is not family-friendly.
The Rice Boat is a family-friendly Fast food restaurant with an average customer rating located in the City Centre.
Meals start at £30, and match the 5 out of 5 rating at the Clowns pub in the riverside area.
There is a Chinese restaurant called Alimentum located in the city centre near Yippee Noodle Bar with low customer rating and it's price range is less than £20.
Located near Café Rouge is an Italian restaurant named Midsummer House. This restaurant has earned average customer ratings.
A fast food restaurant called The Punter has a price range of more than 30 Pounds.
There is a dine in family restaurant called The Golden Curry but it has terrible reviews.
Located on the riverside, near the Express by Holiday Inn, The Rice Boat is an adult oriented, highly rated high price English restaurant.
The Phoenix offers Japanese food for under £20 by the riverside
The Golden Curry is a 3 star, family friendly Café located close to Café Rouge providing take-away deliveries in the low price range. It is located in the city centre.
Bring the family to The Dumpling Tree for Italian pub fair, located near The Portland Arms.
The French food restaurant The Cambridge Blue has gained a rating of 3 out of 5
The Rice Boat is an English restaurant with an average customer rating  near Express by Holiday Inn. It has a cheap price range. It has a bad family-friendly atmosphere.
In the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine, The Wrestlers coffee shop is not children friendly. Our price range is more than £30 and we offer Japanese food.
The Cricketers, which is near All Bar One, is a restaurant providing fast food.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Indian food in the moderate price range. It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Vaults is a fast food restaurant that costs 20-25. It is kid friendly.
Loch Fyne offers 5 star French cuisine, located in the riverside area near The Rice Boat.
Loch Fyne is a Japanese restaurant that is more than £30 and is children friendly
The Waterman is a family friendly, Japanese eatery.  It is located near the Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Italian food pub called Giraffe in riverside is kid friendly
The Waterman offers English food with with a customer rating 1 out of 5. It is located in the city center. It has a high price range. It has a bad children friendly atmosphere.
Located near Café Rouge, Midsummer House sells Chinese and has a rating of 5 out of 5
Alimentum is a moderately priced child friendly French restaurant near the city's centre.
Right near Rainbow Vegetarian Café, is a 5 star family restaurant, with expensive Chinese food its name is Strada.
Loch Fyne is providing Chinese food in the  price range. It is located in the riverside. It is near The Rice Boat. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a cheap sushi restaurant. It is family friendly and has a three star rating.
There is a pub called Wildwood which serves English food. It has a low customer rating and price range - typically less than £20.
Fitzbillies is French  located near The Six Bells. This restaurant has a moderate price Range.
Loch Fyne is a restaurant providing Chinese food for less than £20 and a family friendly atmosphere.
The Waterman is pub Fast food having customer rating 3 out of 5. It is located in riverside
The Wildwood is a pub type Chinese place with a customer rating out of 1 out of 5 and the price range is high.
An average customer Japanese restaurant is The Phoenix.  its price range is less than 20 and it it located in the riverside area.
Cocum is a coffee shop with a price range between 20-25 pounds.  It is fast food and kid friendly with a high customer rating.
An adult coffee shop called Aromi serves Indian food in the riverside area
The Cambridge Blue pub, located near Café Brazil serves English food for under 20 pounds
The highly rated The Cricketers coffee shop is located by The Portland Arms. This French food coffee shop is a family friendly atmosphere.
Green Man is a child friendly food venue in the city centre near All Bar One. It serves English food and has a high price range.
Near Ranch is a coffee shop offering Indian food called Wildwood. It has expensive food with a high customer rating.
North of City centre, there is a family restaurant called The Waterman that offers mid priced food.
The coffee shop Fitzbillies offers French food for less than £20.  It is located in the city centre area.  It is not a family-friendly coffee shop.  The average customer rating is low.
The Plough is a pub providing Chinese food in the high price rage that is child friendly. It is located in near the Café Rouge.
The Browns Cambridge, serves French food and is kid friendly. It is near The Sorrento along the riverside.
Blue Spice is a family-friendly coffee shop located in the city centre near Avalon with a price range less than 20 pounds and an average customer rating.
Blue Spice in the riverside area - value for money.
The Rice Boat is a child friendly shop in the city centre, near Express by Holiday Inn. the shop sells English food and has a high customer rating with a price range of more than £30.
The Golden Palace is a 5 out of 5 restaurant along the riverside
The Plough  has Italian  but no  children  allowed .The prices are  high  and  is a pub near Café Rouge.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop where you can buy high priced Indian food. It has a 1 out of 5 customer rating and is located in the city centre.
The Rice Boat is a kid friendly Indian restaurant in the city centre area near Express by Holiday Inn. They have an average price range and a high customer rating.
Fitzbillies is a family-friendly sushi bar, situated along the riverside. High-end prices. Rated 3 out of 5 stars.
Loch Fyne provides Chinese food It is located in the riverside. It is near The Rice Boat. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
There is a cheap dine in restaurant The Vaults that is family friendly.
Loch Fyne is a children friendly restaurant.
Check out Blue Spice is you are ever in the riverside area.  It is near Avalon.  It is a kid friendly coffee shop with a 3 out of 5 customer rating and a price range between 20 and 25 pounds.
Browns Cambridge is a All-Day brasserie  and bar with lobster nights and afternoon tea in grand Café setting
The Waterman provides Indian food in the high price range. It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is average.
Cotto is an Indian coffee shop located at the riverside near The Portland Arms. Its highly priced and has an average customer rating.
The Dumpling Tree is a pricey fast food restaurant located in the center. of town.
The Rice Boat serves Japanese food, located in riverside that is family friend;y with an average customer rating.
A Fast food pub that ranges more than £30 located by the riverside is The Mill.
The Golden Curry is a family friendly English restaurant on the riverside near the Café Rouge. The customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Blue Spice is children friendly has a price range of more than 30 pounds and a 5 out of 5 customer rating. It is located in the city centre.
Alimentum is a cheap restaurant North of the City center. that is family friendly.
For less than 20GBP you can eat at Browns Cambridge, a French restaurant with an average customer rating.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Italian food in the moderate price range. It is located in the city centre. kid friendly and good customer rating
There is a pub called The Vaults near Café Adriatic that has a low customer rating and a price range of more than £30
The restaurant, Midsummer House is just next to the Café Rouge
The Rice Boat is a family-friendly restaurant which is located near the Express by Holiday Inn in Riverside. It serves English food with a low price range of under £20.
A child Friendly restaurant with a low customer rating called Cocum.
Near Café Brazil in the city centre, there is a coffee shop called The Vaults. It has an average price range and a high customer rating.
Café Brazil is near The Cambridge Blue in the City center. The Cambridge Blue is  a pub.
The coffee shop Cotto is a moderate price range and a 1 out of 5 customer rating Japanese food place near The Portland Arms, at the riverside
The pub called Zizzi had friendly families come in to eat French food, but the customers rated the place low
Located on the Riverside, near Café Rouge, The Golden Curry is a family friendly Indian restaurant.  Customers rate it 5 out of 5.
English food is served at The Rice Boat with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.  It is children friendly and located in Riverside.
Near Café Brazil in the city centre, there is a low rated coffee shop named The Vaults with prices more than £30
The Cricketers is a fast food and coffee shop that is near The Portland Arms with 5 out of 5 ratings.
Cocum, while not family friendly, is a mid-priced coffee shop
Fitzbillies is a mid-priced family friendly coffee shop that also offers Italian fare and is located near the river.
The Cricketers is a coffee shop that serves Indian food.  It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5, is children friendly, and is near The Portland Arms.
With a high price range and a average customer rating The Wrestlers is adult only and serves Italian food.
The Mill offers cheap French pub style food and drinks riverside.
There is a restaurant in the riverside area called Aromi,  that serves English food.
There is a Japanese restaurant called The Vaults that is children Friendly. The cost is greater than £30.
Blue Spice is a high-priced restaurant in riverside that is child friendly and boasts a 3 out of 5 customer rating.
The Mill located near The Sorrento in the city centre is a coffee shop providing Japanese food. Their price range is less than £20.
Cocum is a coffee shop offering Italian food. It offers moderate pricing and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is not kid friendly.
The Blue Spice is popular and highly rated because it costs £20-25 and located in the city centre.
Cocum is an Indian coffee shop in the price range of more than 30 pounds. It has a high customer rating and is child friendly.
Located in the riverside area, near Café Sicilia,  is a highly rated pub called The Twenty Two.
children favorite food price Rang more than £30 The Waterman restaurant.
There is a cheap restaurant called The Golden Curry located near The Bakers that is kid friendly.
The Rice Boat was given average ratings for serving English food that is not family-friendly on the riverside.
Strada is a mid price range restaurant, suitable for families with young children. It is near to Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
The Rice Boat is a moderately priced, child-friendly Indian restaurant with a customer rating of 3 out of 5, which offers a riverside location near the Express by Holiday Inn.
The Alimentum Locates near Yippee Noodle Bar with a rating of five out of five stars near the river
The Plough is a pub near the Café Rouge where one may order gourmet Chinese cuisine and enjoy a meal in a quiet atmosphere.
The Rice Boat is located near to Express by Holiday Inn by the river. It serves moderately priced Italian food, is family friendly and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Taste of Cambridge is a family-friendly pub. It's located in the riverside area, near The Sorrento.
There is a cheap pub near the river with average ratings. It's called Clowns.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop which serves French food at the riverside. It is kids friendly, has a low customer rating and has a price range of more than £30.
Indian coffee shop called Aromi with high customer rating can be found by the riverside, and yes, it is children friendly
Alimentum near the Yippee Noodle Bar in the city center with prices for the moderate budget we have great English food with a 3 out of 5 rating.
If you and your children are staying at  the Crowne Plaza Hotel try eating fine Italian at The Waterman
Green Man, a moderately priced Indian restaurant in the riverside area near All Bar One is  kid friendly.
There is a 3 star coffee shop Fitzbillies that is located in city centre.
Zizzi is a pub providing Indian food in the  price range. Its customer rating is average.
There is an Italian restaurant named Zizzi which is rated one star and is not suitable for families.
The Phoenix provided poorly rated Chinese food in the city centre.
The Cricketers is a hight ratings restaurant is for the whole family and provides French foods located in The Portland Arms
Green Man is a fast food shop that is not family-friendly in the city centre near All Bar One. All prices are less than £20.
The Rice Boat, located in the riverside area, serves Chinese food. It is family friendly and has a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
The Plough is an adult only restaurant located by the Express by Holiday Inn.
Browns Cambridge is usually less than £20, and has an average customer rating.
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop in the city centre near the Crowne Plaza Hotel
Aromi is a kids friendly pub in the riverside area that has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Punter coffee shop can be found near Café Sicilia. It serves sushi and is family friendly.
We go to this place by All Bar One,  Its an Italian spot call Midsummer House. It has high prices but the service is average.
A family friendly Indian restaurant in the riverside area, The Waterman, has a low customer rating and costs less than £20.
The Twenty Two is a family-friendly Fast food restaurant located near the city centre.
The French coffee shop Browns Cambridge is in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel.  With a low rating the coffee shop is not family-friendly.
Midsummer House if a restaurant for hamburgers, it's a cheap place with only one start. We are near All Bar One. Join Us.
A new pub is emerging near the Café Rouge named The Plough. Not only is it a pub, but it is also a Indian restaurant who welcomes families with a price range that is rather moderate.
The Waterman is a pub providing an authentic French experience. Located in the city centre, The Waterman is highly rated by its customers, average a 4 star rating out of 5.
Cocum is a coffee shop that serves Italian food with an average customer rating. It is not kid friendly and moderately priced.
The Waterman is located near Crowne Plaza Hotel and offers English eats for adults only
French food can be found in the riverside area at Alimentum. Expect to pay less than £20 for your meal.
For French food at less than  £20, The Wrestlers is an average adult restaurant.
Green Man is a Chinese restaurant in the city centre. It is located near All Bar One and is moderately priced. Children are not welcome.
Wildwood is a coffee shop near Ranch. Moderated priced Italian food with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
French Food at the Alimentum is not a kids friendly venue. Moderate price range located in city center.
The Waterman is a Japanese pub near the riverside with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area, child friendly The Wrestlers coffee shop serves Italian food with a high price range.
The Wrestlers is a health food restaurant with expensive prices, a five star rating, and a family friendly environment.
The Waterman which is located in the city centre serves Japanese food has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and a price range of 20-25, but is not kid friendly.
The Waterman is an Indian restaurant that is child friendly located near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Green Man is a moderate priced restaurant in City Centre that is not kid friendly.
Giraffe is a Giraffe providing take-away deliveries in the low price range. It is located in the city centre.
Located on the riverside, the Japanese restaurant The Rice Boat has a low customer rating.
Near Rainbow Vegetarian Café lies Strada, which serves Japanese food in the range of £20-25. This is not a kid friendly establishment and the customer rating is 3 out of 5.
The child friendly English pub The Waterman has 1 out of 5 customer satisfaction and has a high price range of food.
The Mill is a pub which serves Fast-food, the price range is moderate and is located in Riverside.
The Chinese near Yippee Noodle Bar in the city center is called Alimentum. It's less than £20 but has a low customer rating.
There is a family friendly restaurant called The Rice Boat.
The Cambridge Blue is a Fast food restaurant with a high customer rating
Wildwood is a pub providing Indian food in the high price range. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Cocum is a Japanese coffee shop that offers moderate prices and a kid friendly environment its overall customer rating is only a 1 out of 5.
Alimentum is a high priced venue that provides Chinese food. It is located in riverside and is child friendly.
Located on the riverside near Burger King, The Eagle, a Japanese coffee shop, boasts moderate prices, high ratings, and a family friendly atmosphere.
Along the riverside is an average customer Rating English  pub called The Waterman.
The Eagle is a restaurant located in the city centre.
On the outskirts of the city next to Clare Hall there is a coffee shop called Clowns.
Blue Spice, located near the Avalon riverside, is a cheap, family friendly coffee shop with a high customer rating.
Bibimbap House is near The Rice Boat in the Riverside area of town.  It offers Japanese food.
Clowns have a price range between £20-25. It is near Café Sicilia with a kids-friendly environment.
The Waterman provides Indian food in the moderate price range. It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
The family friendly French restaurant with the low customer rating in the riverside area is called, The Rice Boat
The Golden Curry is near Café Rouge. It doesn't allow children and has a low customer rating. It is near the city centre and Café Rouge.
There is a Japanese restaurant called The Golden Curry near The Bakers that is kid friendly and is moderately priced.
With an average rating, The Golden Curry is a family friendly venue.
With high customer ratings, Zizzi's pub offers up Italian fare for the entire family.
Looking for Italian food, check out the coffee shop The Mill, located near The Sorrento in the riverside area. Prices range from 20-25 pounds.
Superb Italian food at The Eagle with 5 out of 5 ratings.
There is a good place to get something to eat next to All Bar One called Midsummer House.
For less than £20, you can go to the family friendly restaurant, The Wrestlers, where you can have average rated French food.
Cocum is a five star coffee shop with a low price point that is family friendly.
Close to the All Bar One, Midsummer House offers 1 star oriental cuisine cheap.
Cocum, a highly rated pub, has a price range of more than £30 and is not child friendly.
The Plough is and English pub near Café Rouge. They price range is moderate and they are not kid friendly.
The Waterman is located at the riverside. It is a pub that serves fast food, but it has a customer rating of 1 out 5.
The Vaults pub is near Café Adriatic that is more than £30 with a high customer rating
The Golden Curry is rated 3 out of 5 by customers and kid friendly that services Indian food.
The Mill is a Japanese coffee shop with a moderate price range in the city centre near The Sorrento.
There is an expensive coffee shop called Wildwood, which serves Italian food and it highly rated. It is situated close to Ranch.
Located just outside the city centre and next to Express by Holiday Inn hotel, this well-rated restaurant, named The Rice Boat is great for families. However, the prices for this restaurant are high.
In city centre, next to The Rice Boat is The Mill.
Cocum has a price range of less than £20. It is a low rated family friendly Japanese coffee shop.
The Golden Curry is a family friendly Indian restaurant of moderate price and located near The Bakers.
Customer high rated and children friendly Blue Spice with price range of more than £30 is located in riverside area.
The Dumpling Tree is a restaurant with a high price range providing Japanese food.
The Waterman is a fast food restaurant located near the Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Dishes costing less than £20 are served in the riverside restaurant Green Man
Near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café is a low-priced, Italian restaurant called Strada. It has a high customer rating and is child friendly.
A children friendly, Italian pub near The Portland Arms is The Dumpling Tree.
There is a child friendly Fast food chain called The Rice Boat that is near the City Centre Express by Holiday Inn with a high customer rating and is in the ideal price range of £30 plus.
The Eagle serves Indian food with an average customer service rating
Near Ranch is a kids friendly Indian restaurant named Cotto with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Waterman has a moderate price range and is not kid friendly.
The Waterman is an expensive restaurant serving Italian food, located on the River.
The Eagle is good for kids and a meal goes for £20-25 . It is a coffee shop with French food and has a high rating. It is next to Burger King in the riverside area.
Alimentum is a low rated, expensive restaurant located near the river next to the Yippee Noodle Bar.
The Dumpling Tree coffee shop is located north of the city near the river and Café Sicilia.
A cheap place with 5 out of 5 customer rating is The Rice Boat, near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
The Punter is a moderately priced coffee shop. It may have a customer satisfaction rate of one out of five and it may not be kid friendly however, it does sell Indian food near the Café Sicilia.
The Golden Curry serves Indian food in the city centre near Café Rouge. This place is not family friendly and has poor customer rating.
There is a moderately priced pub selling English food riverside, The Mill.
Near the city river placed a great coffee shop for parents and kids called Aromi.
Strada is a low customer rating restaurant.
Japanese food serving The Mill can be found in the city centre near The Sorrento. It has low prices.
Clowns is a French coffee shop located in riverside near Clare Hall. it has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Cocum coffee shop is a High-priced restaurant in the city centre that provides eat-in space for families.
Aromi pub, located in the riverside area, is child-friendly and has a 3 out of 5 customer rating.
Strada is near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café, is moderate price, is rated 3 out of 5, is not kid friendly and serves Indian food.
The Punter is a high-priced Italian restaurant.
Aromi is a low rated French coffee shop near the riverside.  It is not family-friendly.
The Golden Curry is an Indian restaurant located in the city centre near Café Rouge. It has an average rating and is not family friendly.
The Rice Boat is located on the riverside and has low customer rating
Located in the riverside area and near Café Rouge,there is an Italian style restaurant named The Golden Curry. It is children friendly with a high customer rating.
The pub called The Vaults is cheap. The pub rating is average. They are near Café Adriatic.
Blue Spice is a coffee shop near Avalon.  It is kid friendly and moderately priced. It is in the riverside area and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Waterman is kids friendly and serves Italian food. It is near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
5 Star food prepared at The Phoenix overlooking the river.
There is a venue that serves Indian cuisine and it is called The Phoenix. It is located by the riverside and given a rating of 3 out of 5 by customers.
The high priced Chinese pub Wildwood has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Punter is a cheap, family friendly eatery, located in the riverside area near The Portland Arms.
Cocum coffee shop is a three star, family friendly eatery providing hamburgers, French fries and soft drinks.
Located in riverside, The Waterman is a Japanese restaurant with a high rating and price range of £20-25. It is not kid friendly.
A restaurant is located near The Six Bells named Giraffe and has a moderate price range.
Cocum is a child friendly coffee shop serving English food in the more than £30 price range with a high customer rating
The Golden Curry is a restaurant that caters to wine pairings and is located next to The Bakers.
The Green Man in the city centre is a no for kids, but its prices are moderate.
There is a restaurant called The Rice Boat in the city centre serving Italian food. It has average customer ratings and is not family-friendly.
There is a restaurant named Wildwood located near Café Rouge. This restaurant has a high customer rating.
Alimentum, situated close to the Yippee Noodle Bar, is an expensive restaurant celebrating the best of British food.
Fitzbillies coffee shop is 5 star rated seafood and family friendly.
The Cricketers is a coffee shop located near The Portland Arms, with French food, a pleasant family atmosphere and a decent clentele
A good Japanese restaurant if you have children would be The Twenty Two.
The Vaults is a family friendly restaurant offering British cuisine, at an inexpensive price point.
Blue Spice serves Indian food at a moderate price in the city centre.
The Golden Curry is an expensive restaurant serving Italian classics.  It is family friendly and located near The Bakers.
Clowns, near Clare Hall, is a coffee shop which serves Japanese food. It's by the riverside and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Aromi is a family-oriented coffee shop with low customer ratings.
Aromi is a Fast food coffee shop in riverside that is family friendly and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Dumpling Tree pub serves Chinese food near The Portland Arms and is kid Friendly.
Located riverside near The Sorrento, The Mill is a coffee shop that serves Indian food in the £20-25 price range.
The Travellers Rest Beefeater is near Café Adriatic and a riverside, the customer rating is high and the price range is £20-25
The Punter is a coffee shop providing Indian food in the high price range. It is near Café Sicilia. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
There a Italian Bibimbap House near Clare Hall in riverside. The prices are high.
The Waterman is a restaurant in the city centre that provides English cuisine served in a non-family-friendly environment . Although it has a low customer rating, its price range is extremely affordable serving dishes that cost less than 20 pounds.
The Eagle is located near Burger King in the city center is a kid friendly  restaurant . The Eagle serves Indian food in the mid-price range and has a high customer rating.
This French restaurant. Alimentum, in the city center is both cheap and family-friendly.
There is a restaurant called Loch Fyne, who serve Japanese and are also kid friendly.
Located near Crowne Plaza Hotel, The Waterman is a kid-friendly place to have Indian food.
The Twenty Two  is children Friendly and has Fast food
The Midsummer House has a low customer rating that serves Fast-food and is located near Café Rouge.
The pub called Strada near Yippee Noodle Bar serves Japanese food and is rated 3 out of 5.
Located near Crowne Plaza Hotel is The Waterman which has English food and is child friendly.
The Phoenix sells Indian food, price range is high with average customer service located in Riverside
Browns Cambridge is children friendly in the riverside area near The Sorrento, serving Indian foods.
The Twenty Two, near The Rice Boat in the city centre is child friendly and the prices are less than £20 with customer rating it low.
The Eagle is by the Burger King at the city centre. With 3 out of 4 rating and an adult-only environment, you can get Japanese food at this coffee shop if you can afford it.
The Wrestlers provides Indian food in the high price range. It has an average customer rating and is not children friendly.
The Phoenix is a fast food restaurant located in the city centre with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Cricketers is a family-friendly coffee shop that also serves burgers and fries. It is located near The Portland Arms and has a one-star rating.
The Blue Spice is a coffee shop that is not kid friendly. They are located at riverside near Avalon. The recently earned a 5 out of 5 in response to the cheap prices.
The Vaults is a family friendly fast food takeaway which has a price range of less than £20.
Browns Cambridge is a friendly  Fast food coffee shop located in the city center near Crowne Plaza Hotel with an average rating.
Browns Cambridge has an average customer rating and a cheap price range.
The Waterman is a high price range Italian restaurant. They are located near riverside. They are not child friendly and have an average rating.
The Eagle is a high priced, average rated, adult only Italian coffee shop located near Burger King in the city centre
The Rice Boat provides Chinese food in the cheap price range. It is located in the city centre. It is near Express by Holiday Inn. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Yes, The Rice Boat is a restaurant Italian in the riverside with rank 1 out of 5
restaurant located near Café Rouge called Wildwood with a high customer rating
The Wrestlers is a cheap restaurant with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 but, it is not family friendly.
On the riverside, there is a kid-friendly restaurant named The Rice Boat. There, English food is served and overall has a rating of 1 out of 5.
With a low customer rating, The Wrestlers is an Italian restaurant that isn't family-friendly, where you can expect to dine for less than £20.
The Golden Curry is a one star restaurant.
In the city centre there is a coffee shop that serves Fast food.  The Golden Palace is average rated with a high price range.
In the city centre is a kid-friendly restaurant with a price range of more than £30, it is called the Green Man.
The Golden Curry is family friendly and located close to The Bakers.
Strada is an Indian restaurant near Rainbow Vegetarian Café with a high rating. It costs more than 30 and is not child friendly.
There is a restaurant Midsummer House located in All Bar One that serves Indian food.
A child could cook French food cheaper even if they ate at The Rice Boat on the riverside at the Express by Holiday Inn
Zizzi is a sushi pub for families with three stars.
The Rice Boat is an Indian restaurant in the city centre.
The Punter near Café Sicilia is a coffee shop that serves Japanese food in the moderate price range.  It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and is not child-friendly.
Cotto, near Café Rouge, sells fast food.
The Golden Palace, a coffee shop based beautifully by the riverside, has had high customer ratings for their fast food which averages around £30 or more.
The Golden Curry serves Chinese food.  It is located near Café Rouge.  It is child-friendly and gets average customer ratings.
Bring the family to The Waterman, fairly close to Cambridge's City centre, for excellent sushi food. It's not cheap, but has had many great reviews.
The Punter is a average priced Japanese coffee shop located near to Café Sicilia.  Although not child friendly it is highly rated.
Fitzbillies, located near The Six Bells, serves English food at inexpensive prices.
The Plough is a high priced fast food pub near Café Rouge. It is not kid friendly.
Located near Ranch, Cotto serves Fast food and is child friendly. its customer rating is: average.
The Olive Grove is an affordable French cuisine pub in the city center.
The Waterman is a restaurant located near the Crowne Plaza Hotel
In Riverside, there is a high rated pub near Café Sicilia named The Twenty Two.
Giraffe is a kids friendly coffee shop near The Bakers. Prices are moderate, and it has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Rice Boat, located in the city centre near Express by Holiday Inn, is a kid friendly. It offers fast food and has a high customer rating. The price range is  £20-25.
The Phoenix  is a low priced restaurant located on the riverside that serves Indian food. There ratings are low.
The Rice Boat is a poor rated cheap French food restaurant that is not family-friendly. It is located in the city centre by Express by Holiday Inn.
Highly rated Japanese food is served in the riverside area at The Rice Boat. It is not family-friendly.
Cotto has a cheap price range and is located near All Bar One in riverside.
Loch Fyne is a low-price restaurant serving breakfast.  It's bathroom facilities are not open to the public.
A very reasonable family-friendly public house, The Olive Grove, serves Japanese food for approximately £20 per head.
Located in the riverside area near Yippee Noodle Bar, Alimentum serves French food in the price range of £20-25.
The Eagle, rated one star offers complete meal deals that is friendly to all.
Fast food coffee shop, The Cricketers, near The Portland Arms has a low customer rating and is not family-friendly.
The Plough is a Café Rouge for family. It's located south city.
The Punter serves reasonably priced French food
A low cost coffee shop called The Golden Palace also serves Indian food at a low cost in the city center. This shop has an average rating.
The Giraffe coffee shop located near The Bakers is a kids Friendly place with moderate price range.
Near Yippee Noodle Bar in the riverside area serving moderately priced Italian food with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 is Alimentum.
The Waterman is a Japanese style restaurant that has high customer rates from the kids-friendly areas. The price is brilliant too at dishes ranging from £20-£25.
The Golden Curry, which offers English food, is a child-friendly restaurant with a high customer rating.
Near Café Adriatic, the prices are high, the customer rating is about average, its near the riverside, its name is Travellers Rest Beefeater.
restaurant named Travellers Rest Beefeater is yes kids friendly with moderate price range
Cotto is a highly-rated, kid-friendly Chinese food restaurant located near Ranch.
Midsummer House that is near Café Rouge has a 5 out of 5 Japanese food.
The Dumpling Tree its a Japanese restaurant low cost
Near The Sorrento in the riverside area a coffee shop called The Mill offers cheap Italian food.
The Waterman, a well-respected pub in the city centre, serves Chinese food at reasonable prices.
Midsummer House is a high customer rating restaurant that serves Japanese food. They are in the city near Café Rouge.
For more than £30 The Wrestlers is a children friendly French restaurant  near Raja Indian Cuisine at city centre is a coffee shop.
At Bibimbap House you will find English food at value pricing.  It near Clare Hall in the riverside area.
Green Man is a restaurant located in riverside
The Mill is dinner and drinks on a budget.
Green Man is a fast food place by the riverside. It's a pub by Café Rouge.
The Rice Boat serves Indian cuisine at prices under £20. Customer rating is low. The Rice Boat is located near the riverside and Express by Holiday Inn. Sorry, no family's are allowed.
The Eagle is a restaurant suitable for families looking for a medium priced venue. It has five stars and can be found next to Burger King.
The Mill is a  moderate pub that delivers Japanese food. It is located in the city centre.
The Waterman offers English food with with a customer rating 1 out of 5. It is located in the city center. It has a high price range. It has a bad children friendly atmosphere.
Near Yippee Noodle Bar, Alimentum is serving cheap, fast food near the city centre. It has average customer ratings.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop near the river and Crowne Plaza Hotel. It serves Indian food, doesn't allow children. It is near the river and scores highly with customers.
The Vaults is an Indian restaurant that serves food for adults at moderate price.
Bibimbap House is located on the riverside next to Clare Hall and offers Chinese cuisine for less than  £20.
Serving Italian food, The Golden Palace, a coffee shop located in the city centre has opened. Customers have given it a low rating and price range is less than L20.
Riverside area there's a average customer rating . Alimentum is near Yippee Noodle Bar that serves Italian food and has a cheap price range.
The Waterman is a cheap eatery with one star located by the River and is not suitable for families.
The Rice Boat, located near Express by Holiday Inn, is a cheap Indian restaurant you could take your family to in the city centre. It has an average review score.
The Cambridge Blue is a nice pub located near Café Brazil, it has French food and very low prices
The Vaults is a restaurant that offers English style cuisine.
The Golden Curry is an Indian restaurant near The Bakers with high price range and friendly with kid
Zizzi is a riverside coffee shop that is decent in price and service, but is unfriendly for having children around.
For good Indian eats near Café Rouge, Midsummer House is a great place to visit. It was rated 5 out of 5 in costumer surveillance.
The Cricketers coffee shop is near The Portland Arms. It serves fast food, is child friendly and has a high customer Rating.
Beside the Café Rouge Japanese restaurant  is an average rated 3 out of 5 Midsummer House.
Browns Cambridge, near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area, is a coffee shop with Japanese food. It is child-friendly and has a 3 out of 5 customer rating.
The Waterman is a kids friendly Chinese restaurant near the Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Midsummer House is a low price Chinese restaurant with a low customer rating and near All Bar One.
Quaint coffee shop called the Cocum with a moderate price range great fast food and kid friendly. Is customer rated 1 out of 5.
The Rice Boat is a Chinese in the less than £20 price range. It is situated in the city centre near to Express by Holiday Inn. It is family friendly but has a low customer rating.
There is a low customer rated restaurant called The Eagle, which serve French Food
The Golden Palace pub, located in the city centre near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café. Which is a good place to go if your price range is moderate.
Wildwood Japanese restaurant is a low rated place to eat in the city.
The Golden Curry is a family friendly restaurant with a 5 star review.
A coffee shop named Cotto serves fast food down at the city centre as a moderate price. You can find it next to The Portland Arms, but its rating is 1 out of 5
The Vaults is an English food place with a high price range that is not child friendly
The Golden Palace coffee shop serves five star, high priced meals. Located near to the river.
The Wrestlers is children friendly but in the high price range, It does offer the best Indian food around. This place has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Strada is a cheaply priced Indian located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
The Rice Boat is not family-friendly that sells Japanese food.
with a high price range of 30 dollars or more The Golden Palace is a fine restaurant
For Italian food, Browns Cambridge is an average rated and cheap place
A family friendly French food restaurant is the Loch Fyne.
The Golden Curry is an English restaurant situated near Café Rouge, along the riverside. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Mill is an excellent coffee shop in the riverside area near The Sorrento.  They have fast food options, and the price range is £20-25.
Fast food pub The Waterman has a high rating and is in the riverside area
The Waterman Indian restaurant offers a kid friendly atmosphere, located on the riverside, moderate price range with a customer rating 1 out of 5
Located near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café with a customer rating of  1 out of 5 is The Rice Boat which has a moderate price range.
The Travellers Rest Beefeater is located near Café Adriatic in a riverside setting and offers high priced items. Customers have given average ratings for this venue.
There is a non children-friendly coffee shop in the city centre near Avalon named Blue Spice with a 5 out or 5 rating that is more than £30.
Green Man provides Chinese food in the less than £20 price range. It is located in the riverside. It is near All Bar One.
The Golden Curry is a restaurant providing take-away. It is located outside the city centre next to Café Rouge.
Yes The Plough is a cheap family friendly pub that serves Italian food near Café Rouge.
The Waterman is a restaurant on the riverside that serves French food. It is not kid friendly. The customer rating is 3 out of 5 and the price range is £20-25.
The Olive Grove pub is a family friendly venue on the banks of the river Thames, it serves reasonably priced fast food.
Midsummer House is a Japanese place with a low rating near Café Rouge
The Vaults, is a kids friendly French themed place. With a price range of £20-25.
Welcome to The Eagle. We a non family-friendly coffee shop our food is Italian we are near the Burger King we are at the riverside and our customer rating is low.
A high end family friendly restaurant The Twenty Two, is located by the river, close to The Rice Boat.
Child friendly coffee shop, The Punter, is moderately priced.  It is near Café Sicilia and serves Japanese food which is highly rated.
Aromi, an Italian coffee shop, is located in the city centre has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is not family-friendly.
The Golden Palace is a 1 out of 5 rated restaurant that's located on the riverside
The Wrestlers provides Indian food in the moderate price range. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Twenty Two is family friendly with French food.
Blue Spice, a French restaurant in the riverside area, is in the low price range.
A non-family-friendly, English restaurant, The Rice Boat, is located near the riverside.  It has a high customer rating.
The Phoenix serves Italian food and is in the riverside area. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Expensive coffee shop called Cotto can be found in the city centre, close to The Portland Arms, it has a customer rating 3 out of 5 and serves Japanese food.
A moderate priced French restaurant that is not children friendly is called Green Man. It is located in the city centre near the All Bar One.
The Waterman is an Italian venue, close to Crowne Plaza Hotel.  Not recommended for children.
Blue Spice is located in the city centre and has a price range of £20-25. It is not kid friendly and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Cotto, family friendly and low rated, is located near Ranch and serves English food.
The Cotto  serves French food. It is near Café Rouge.
There is a restaurant on the riverside called The Waterman serving French cuisine. It is quite pricey I would say its over the £30 mark and it has quite a low customer rating however it is children friendly.
Browns Cambridge has moderate prices with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
You get what you pay for at Fitzbillies when it comes to service and terrific cuisine. Tailoring to all ages, they provide the tastes of The United States.
The Mill is a pub that serves Indian food with prices ranging 20-25 in the riverside area
The Golden Curry offers pasta for the whole family.  It is rated one star.
Alimentum is a family friendly, expensive fast food restaurant located next to the river.
The Eagle can be found north of the city center., beside the River and a Burger King. This non-family friendly restaurant offers inexpensive fast food in favor for their terrible service.
The Cambridge Blue is a Fast food pub with a cheap price range. It is located near to the Café Brazil.
In Riverside near Rainbow Vegetarian Café there is a moderately priced pub name The Golden Palace.
Moderately priced and located in the city centre, Clowns is a pub that rates 1 out of 5.
The Taste of Cambridge is a sushi and coffee place near the Crowne Plaza Hotel and does not permit families.
The Twenty Two is a child-friendly Indian restaurant.
For less than £20 you can eat French food at The Plough. It is a pub located near Café Rouge that is not family-friendly.
The Twenty Two serves English food.  It is located on the riverside and is family friendly.
Situated on the riverside is a  coffee shop serving fast food near Clare Hall with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 called Clowns.
Riverside Italian coffee shop called Clowns with 3 out of 5 star rating. Perfect spot near Clare Hall.
Near The Rice Boat you can find the Indian restaurant, Loch Fyne, it has a consumer rating of 5 stars and is close to the center of the city.
The Mill is a coffee shop serving French food at a 20 to 25 pound price range.  It is located near The Sorrento in the riverside area.
At the riverside area there is a pub called The Waterman, it sells Chinese food and has an average customer rating.
Midsummer House is a fast food place place with great ratings priced around 20 pounds. It is located near All Bar One.
Strada is a French pub located near the Yippee Noodle Bar. It has a low customer rating.
Even with its price range of £30 or more a person, the Taste of Cambridge restaurant has still averaged a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
The Rice Boat provides Chinese food in the £20-25 price range. It is located in the city centre. It is near Express by Holiday Inn. Its customer rating is high.
With a customer rating of average, The Twenty Two offers up pub fare in the riverside area near Café Sicilia.
The Golden Palace is a French coffee shop in the city center. It has a rating of 5 out of 5 and a price range of more than 30
There is a kids friendly place The Waterman which is located in the area riverside with low customer rating.
There is a pub called The Waterman that sells Chinese. It has a  customer rating of 5 out of 5 and is in the area of the riverside
There is a restaurant called The Golden Curry providing Indian food located in the city centre near Café Rouge with low customer rating and it is family friendly.
Near Yippee Noodle Bar in riverside is  Alimentum  serving Japanese food with a high customer rating and prices between £20-25.
There is a cheap pub, Wildwood, which has an average customer rating.
Indian food can be purchase  for a moderate price in a kid-friendly restaurant called The Vaults.
Close to The Sorrento in riverside is Browns Cambridge serving Italian food and is child friendly
Cotto is a Chinese restaurant near Café Rouge.
Loch Fyne located in the city centre near The Rice Boat serves English food and has an average customer rating.
Fitzbillies is a fast food coffee shop located in riverside.  It is low rated by customers.
Wildwood is a low rated Italian pub in the city.
The Strada is a one star restaurant that serves low priced meals.  It is located near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café.  This restaurant is ideal for adults only not for families with children.
The Wrestlers is a non kid friendly Chinese restaurant which has a high customer rating as well as a high price range expected to be over £30.
There is a high priced Chinese food restaurant called Loch Fyne that is child friendly.
Bibimbap House provides Japanese food at an average price range. Located on the riverside near Clare Hall.
Fitzbillies, rated 1 out of 5, is a Japanese coffee shop.  It is not kid friendly and is rated 1 out of 5. It is moderately priced in the city centre.
Bibimbap House serves high priced fast food in the riverside area. It is near Clare Hall.
Near The Sorrento in the city centre, Browns Cambridge is a family-friendly French restaurant.
The price range is more than £30, but Blue Spice is child-friendly and has a high customer rating.  It is located by the riverside.
An English pub located near Café Brazil that is moderately priced is The Cambridge Blue.
The Cricketers, coffee shop. Not available to families, 1 star restaurant located next to The Portland Arms
The Olive Grove is a cheap, family friendly pub. It is located by the river on the outskirts of the City centre.
The Punter is a fast food and coffee shop located near Café Sicilia. The price range is high but reviews from customers give 1 out of 5. It is not family-friendly.
The Eagle is not child-friendly but boasts an average rating, high prices in riverside.  It is near Burger King.  Though considered a coffee shop, it also offers Italian food.
Alimentum has Chinese food in the less than £20 price Range and a low customer Rating. It is in the riverside area near Yippee Noodle Bar.
The Twenty Two is a family friendly fast food restaurant in Riverside.
A children friendly restaurant called The Plough can be found close to Express by Holiday Inn.
A place that is cheap priced, family friendly with average customer ratings and is located near the Express by Holiday Inn is The Rice Boat.
Wildwood is a pub serving Japanese food with moderate prices. However, their customer rating is only 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that has Fast food and a high rating. It is in the riverside area.
The Rice Boat, a French food place located near Express by Holiday Inn in the city centre has a low customer rating and a price range of more than £30, but is children friendly.
Strada offers Italian food for kids Friendly with cheap price in Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
Although The Golden Curry is not for the whole family, this low-priced British restaurant is north of The Bakers.
The Golden Curry is a kid-friendly Japanese  restaurant rated 5 out of 5.
Giraffe is a coffee shop near The Bakers who are kid-friendly and boasts a customer rating of 3 out of 5. They are priced between  £20- £25
Near The Portland Arms you will find The Cricketers a children-friendly eatery that serves Japanese food as well as having a coffee shop. Has a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
Fitzbillies is a non kid-friendly Indian coffee shop. They are near the riverside area, have a customer rating of three out of five, and are moderately priced.
Strada, near Rainbow Vegetarian Café, sells cheap Indian food but it only has an average customer rating and is not family friendly.
by the riverside English food is served at The Rice Boat
For a family friendly coffee shop try Giraffe, situated near The Bakers.
Browns Cambridge is a low-priced pasta restaurant.
The Rice Boat is a Chinese restaurant in the riverside area.  It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 but is not family friendly.
Fitzbillies is not a family coffee shop, however sells a delicious sushi.
The Punter coffee shop serves Indian food in the more than £30 price range and holds a high customer rating. It is not children friendly and is located near Café Sicilia
The Waterman provides Chinese food It is near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
There's a coffee shop near The Bakers called Giraffe. It is children friendly and has a price range of more than £30.
Fitzbillies, near The Six Bells, offers Japanese food at a moderate price range.
Wildwood pub is not a very expensive French food restaurant but doesn't have very good customer ratings either.
Cotto is a coffee shop located near The Portland Arms in the city centre which offers good quality food at a premium price.
For French food, try The Cricketers restaurant near All Bar One.
There is a French coffee shop called The Golden Palace. It is located in the Riverside area, has a high price range and a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Strada is a higher end establishment serving Chinese food which has excellent reviews.  It is suitable for the whole family and located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.  The average meal is £30.
The Waterman is a cheap restaurant located in the city centre.  It is not family restaurant with low rating.
There is a 5-star Asian restaurant that is moderately priced located outside the centre of the city, called The Golden Palace coffee shop.
If you're looking for a children friendly fast-food restaurant near The Sorrento in the Riverside area look no further than Browns Cambridge.
Highly rated, The Phoenix is an establishment located near riverside where you can enjoy Indian food with price higher than £30 per person.
The Golden Palace coffee shop serves Japanese food in the less than £20 price range in the city centre and has an average customer rating
Clowns is a pub in the moderate price range near centre of city, customer rating is 1 out of 5.
There is a Japanese restaurant near Ranch called Cotto. It is not considered family-friendly and has received a low customer rating.
The moderately priced Italian Alimentum, in riverside, is child friendly.
restaurant The Golden Palace is in the area of riverside with a 1 out of 5 customer rating.
Indian food is served at The Wrestlers. The customer rating is 5 out of 5,  it is family-friendly and priced in the cheap range.
The Cricketers is a coffee shop found near The Portland Arms. It is not family friendly and has low customer reviews.
Strada is a restaurant near Rainbow Vegetarian Café that serves inexpensive Indian food. This restaurant is not family-friendly, and has received low ratings.
Wildwood is very affordable. A 3 star coffee shop. Very close to the Ranch.
The Golden Curry is a restaurant close to The Bakers what is kids friendly and offers dishes within 20-25L price range
Near The Rice Boat in the city centre is a French restaurant called Bibimbap House.
The French coffee shop, The Wrestlers, is a moderately priced, kid friendly restaurant in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine.
There is an expensive, French pub near Café Brazil called The Cambridge Blue.
Near Café Rouge Midsummer House has a average customer rating serves English food.
There is an expensive adult coffee shop located in the city centre named Zizzi. They have received average customer ratings.
Strada is a Rainbow Vegetarian Café for all families  with a 1 star rating serves lots of sushi food with reasonable price and is situated in Cambridge
For Italian food in the city centre, one option is Browns Cambridge. It is a coffee shop located near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It has a low customer rating though, and is not family-friendly.
Cocum coffee shop has Indian food and has a high price range. It is not kids friendly.
There is a 5-star restaurant called Midsummer House located near Café Rouge.
Alimentum is a licensed restaurant located close to the Yippee Noodle Bar. It has a five star rating and is in the mid price range.
There is Travellers Rest Beefeater near Riverside. Is has a price range above 30 euros. It is near Café Adriatic with a high customer rating.
Alimentum is located near the river near Yippee Noodle Bar.  It is in the low price range.
The Rice Boat serves Japanese food in the riverside area. It is highly rated but not family-friendly.
Fitzbillies is a three star dining experience for the entire family.  Located on the banks of the river, Fitzbillies offers expensive American food.
The restaurant Cocum has  a five star rating  and is family friendly.
Wildwood offers Indian cuisine in a moderate price range near the Ranch. This coffee shop sports a 3 out of 5 customer rating.
There is a family-friendly  restaurant The Twenty Two  in the city centre that provides Italian food.
In the riverside area, with prices less than £20, Alimentum serves Japanese food.  It can be found near the Yippee Noodle Bar and has a low customer rating.
Alimentum serves Italian and is located along the river. Alimentum is family friendly and prices start at less than £20.
The Eagle is an Italian coffee shop  near Burger King in the city centre. It is not family-friendly and has a low customer rating and a price range of less than £20.
Giraffe is a French pub restaurant that is family friendly in Riverside.
The Golden Palace that serves sushi that has a low rating of 1 star and average in price range
The Plough is a pub located near the Café Rouge.  Here they serve mid ranged meals.  Families with children are permitted.
The Eagle, located riverside near Burger King is an adult friendly coffee shop. It serves great, cheap Indian food.
The Waterman provides Indian food in the cheap price range. It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is average.
Cocum is a children friendly pub with an average customer rating.
An Italian restaurant in riverside with a high rating is The Phoenix.
Loch Fyne French restaurant allows children pricier than average.
For high priced Italian food, try Midsummer House. With a customer rating of 1 out of 5, they are located near All Bar One.
The Loch Fyne is a cheap Italian restaurant, great for families.
Near The Sorrento is a family friendly Chinese restaurant in the city centre, Browns Cambridge.
The Mill is a cheap Chinese pub near the City Centre.
The Cambridge Blue pub serves English food at high prices. It is located near the Café Brazil.
The Rice Boat is a French restaurant near Express by Holiday Inn in the center of the city. It is not children friendly, and has low customer ratings.
Clowns is a pub in Riverside with a low customer rating and a price range of more than  £30.
Loch Fyne sells Japanese food by the riverside, near The Rice Boat. It's rate 1 of 5
Taste of Cambridge has a customer rating of three out of five.
The Travellers Rest Beefeater is a high priced restaurant, near the Café Adriatic, which is by the riverside. its price range is around £20-25.
Alimentum is near riverside, cheap, and family friendly. They serve Japanese food there.
Located in riverside is an Italian pub with high price food called The Mill
The Vaults serves English food in a family friend environment and is in the low price range of less than L20.
The Phoenix serves Chinese food  and has a low customer rating.  It is in the riverside area.
In the riverside area, near Burger King, is a coffee shop named The Eagle. The Eagle has Indian food, low ratings, not family friendly, and a price range of less than £20.
Clowns is a pub that is located in the city centre. It has a price range of more than £30 and a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The restaurant Loch Fyne serves French food in the more than 30 pound range. It is a child friendly restaurant.
By the riverside is Fitzbillies, a coffee shop serving French food for prices ranging from £20 to £25. Children are welcome.
The Waterman is an expensive and not children friendly French restaurant.
If you're looking for fast food in the riverside area, Blue Spice is fairly priced.
Midsummer House, near to All Bar One in Cambridge, has a low-priced menu of wines, cheeses, soups and breads.
The moderately priced restaurant The Olive Grove is family friendly.
Riverside pub Giraffe offers kid friendly food.
On the riverside, there is a coffee shop called Aromi. It serves French food. It has a great customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is a Child-Friendly place.
The Dumpling Tree is a high end Italian restaurant
Japanese food is served at Loch Fyne that has a high customer rating and is locate near a riverside near The Rice Boat.
The Plough is a pub near Café Rouge. The have high prices and are family Friendly.
The Rice Boat is a kid friendly restaurant with a low rating.  It is in the average price range and located near Express by Holiday Inn.
There is a cheap family friendly restaurant Travellers Rest Beefeater.
Wildwood is a 3-star pub that has competitive prices for their sushi dishes.
The Golden Curry is a restaurant that serves pasta. It has five out of five stars.
Located near Café Sicilia, The Punter  coffee shop offers a kid friendly fast food experience at prices of more than £30. It gets high ratings from customers.
There is a non family-friendly coffee shop in the riverside area near the Crowne Plaza Hotel called Browns Cambridge which serves Japanese food with a low customer rating
The Mill is a French style coffee shop for big spenders located by The Sorrento at riverside.
A fast food venue named The Vaults has a moderate price range and is kid friendly.
The Rice Boat is a kid friendly Japanese restaurant on the Riverside, near the Express by Holiday Inn. This restaurant has a moderate price range and a 1 out of 5 customer rating.
In Riverside the Zizzi restaurant serves meals of moderate price.
Located near Café Brazil, The Cambridge Blue is a pub that serves Indian food for more than £30.
Come eat at The Cambridge Blue and enjoy our 3 stars Japanese food.
The Rice Boat is a one-star dine-in restaurant that is fit for the whole family. It is located near the river.
There is an above average pub serving Italian food in the riverside area called The Mill
Cotto is an averaged rated coffee shop that has highly expensive Italian food. It is in the area of city centre near The Portland Arms
The Plough located by the Express by Holiday Inn is a kids friendly restaurant.
A moderately priced sushi place that goes by the name Browns Cambridge is in town  but is rated one star
Fitzbillies is a moderately priced venue near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
Fast food restaurant Strada has a moderate price range and a customer rating of 3 out of 5. Not recommended for families, it is located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
The Phoenix, which serves English food, has a high customer rating. It is in the riverside area.
Fitzbillies is located in the city centre, with a price range of £20-50 for Indian food. It is a kids friendly coffee shop.
Loch Fyne is a family friendly restaurant cheap serving Chinese food
Situated near the  Express by Holiday Inn, The Rice Boat, is a high-end,  family friendly sushi restaurant.
The Waterman is not a family-friendly restaurant with English food. The customer rating is low and it is located at the Riverside.  The price range is less than 20 pounds.
There is a kid-friendly restaurant with a price range of £20 to 25 named Loch Fyne. It serves Japanese food.
A high priced, five star restaurant Travellers Rest Beefeater is located right off of the river next to Café Adriatic.
Located in the riverside area is The Twenty Two. This moderately priced, family friendly restaurant can be found near The Rice Boat. It had a 3 out of 5 rating.
The kid friendly, fast food restaurant, The Wrestlers, is highly rated by customers and prices range from 20 to 25 pounds.
In the city centre near the Express by Holiday Inn, The Rice Boat serves English food and is children friendly. it has a high price range and a 1 out of 5 customer rating.
Zizzi is a 5-star family friendly pub that offers various Chinese dishes
The Eagle serving English food has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Phoenix received a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It offers French food and can be found in the riverside area.
The Dumpling Tree is an Italian Pub that is family friendly located near The Portland Arms
The Twenty Two is located in the city centre near The Rice Boat. It is child friendly, offers meals in the £20 to £25 range and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Near The Six Bells there is a family friendly establishment. It is called The Golden Curry.
The Rice Boat has a 5 out of 5 rating. It is near Rainbow Vegetarian Café and costs more than £30.
Cocum is a cheaply priced coffee shop, offering fast food and drinks. It is rated 3 stars and is ideal for families.
For moderately priced English cuisine there is The Mill pub located in riverside.
The Green Man is located on the riverside near All Bar One. It serves Chinese food in the high price range and is not child friendly.
Near All Bar One, there is a fast food restaurant called The Cricketers.
Bring the kids along to Fitzbillies, in the City Centre, to sample the French food served in this highly rated coffee shop. Meal prices are from £20 to £25.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 serving French food. It is near the Crowne Plaza Hotel on the riverside.
Blue Spice has a customer rating 5 out of 5. They have a cheap price range. They are not family-friendly. Located in the riverside area.
In the area Riverside there is a gorgeous 5 out of 5 customer rating Italian restaurant called The Rice Boat. Unfortunately it is not family-friendly.
The Mill is a moderate price ranged fast food coffee shop that is located in the city centre near The Sorrento.
In the riverside area there is a cheap Fast food restaurant called Green Man near All Bar One.  It is very family friendly.
The Golden Curry is a place for Chinese food, not suited for Families and with average customer rating. It is located in the city centre, near Café Rouge.
The Twenty Two is located in the city centre near The Rice Boat and is child friendly. It has 3 out of 5 customer rating and the price range is between £20-25.
There is a cheap coffee shop named The Vaults with average customer rating. It is riverside, near Café Brazil
The Twenty Two is a Japanese which is kid friendly.
Cotto is located in the riverside area near All Bar One. It has a price range of £20-25.
Blue Spice is in the riverside area with an average customer rating.  It is children friendly with a high price range.
In the riverside district, near Clare Hall, Bibimbap House serves fast food costing between £20 and £25.
The Waterman is low priced and family friendly.
Blue Spice serves English food on the riverside, their price is high.
Loch Fyne is a restaurant that serves Italian food but it is not family-friendly.
The Eagle is a Japanese kid-friendly coffee shop located by the riverside. It is near Burger King, has moderate price ranges and a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Cocum is a coffee shop that serves fast food.  The price range is between 20-25 pounds and it is kid friendly.
The Cricketers is a kids-friendly pub near Ranch with a rating of 3 out 5 stars.
You can go to the city centre and order Japanese food from The Phoenix.  They are priced at more than £30 with a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
Clowns is a decent riverside coffee shop near Clare Hall that serves Indian food.
Fitzbillies is a restaurant near The Six Bells that serves English food for £30 and up.
Located in the Riverside area, The Olive Grove is a pub that serves Italian food at a less than average price range. They are family friendly.
The Dumpling Tree is a family friendly pub serving French cuisine. It is close to The Portland Arms.
The Golden Curry is a family-friendly restaurant which serves Italian food. It is located in the city centre near Café Rouge.
The Wrestlers is cheap and family friendly, serving Italian food and is rated 5 out of 5.
The Cambridge Blue pub near Café Brazil offers French food in the more than £30 price range.
The Phoenix is Fast food in the city centre that has high customer ratings and a price range of £20-25.
The Dumpling Tree is a family friendly pub which serves Japanese food, it is located near to The Portland Arms.
The Cambridge Blue is a pub that serves French food near Café Brazil and has a price range of less than £20.
Loch Fyne restaurant serves Italian food for moderate prices. Not kids friendly.
Aromi is a coffee shop providing Indian food It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
The Wrestlers serves English food for less than £20 in an adult setting, but it has low customer ratings.
The Golden Palace is a restaurant with meals less than £20
Blue Spice is a cheap restaurant in the city centre. It's been rated 5 out of 5 but is not family-friendly.
A children friendly restaurant called The Plough is near Express by Holiday Inn.
Cotto is moderately priced and is located near All Bar One in the riverside area.
The Waterman is a fast food restaurant with average ratings.
Located near Avalon in the city centre is a low rated coffee shop called Blue Spice.  It is not family-friendly and its prices range less than L20.
The Twenty Two, a Japanese restaurant, is family friendly.
The Dumpling Tree is a pub that offers Chinese food in a family friendly environment. They are located near The Portland Arms.
The Waterman is an excellent family friendly fast food restaurant. It is quite expensive.
Located in the city centre, Fitzbillies is a coffee shop which serves fast food. It costs more than £30 but is highly rated.
The Rice Boat near the Express by Holiday Inn is French. It was given a low customer rating and has a price range of less than £20.
The Rice Boat is located near the Express by Holiday Inn, in the city centre. The family friendly wine bar is moderately price is rated 5 out of 5.
For a family friendly restaurant head to Loch Fyne. With dishes costing less than £20, this fast food restaurant is suitable for children.
There is a child friendly pub that provides Chinese food in the high price range in riverside named The Olive Grove.
In the city center area near Café Rouge is a family-friendly French food  restaurant named The Golden Curry  with a customer Rating of 5 out of 5
There is Moderate price coffee shop named The Eagle serving French food Located in city center near Burger King with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 but not children-friendly
The Waterman is a fast food restaurant with a 1 out of 5 rating. They sell their food a middling prices and are welcoming to families. They are located near to  the  bend in the river.
Giraffe, the family friendly, fast food pub is in the riverside area .
A Chinese pub named Giraffe is located on a riverside and is children friendly.
Blue Spice has a moderate price range with a customer rating of 1 out of 5. it is located by the riverside and yes it is kids friendly
Visit Clowns, a coffee shop that offers Japanese food, located near Clare Hall in Riverside.  Unfortunately, they have a low customer rating.
Family friendly Zizzi pub has fast food and a low customer rating
Bibimbap House offers French dishes that costs more than 30 euros and is located near Clare Hall in the riverside area.
The Golden Palace has an average customer rating for a restaurant located in The city centre.
Come to The Olive Grove, one of the best pub to encounter the family entire, eat the best French for less than £20, this is in the Riverside of the town...
In the city centre there is an expensive French restaurant called The Waterman. It is family-friendly and has a customer rating of three out of five.
Cotto is low customer rated French coffee shop with a price range of more than £30 located near The Portland Arms in riverside.
Alimentum, is the restaurant next door to 'Yippee Noodle Bar'.
The Punter features sushi at a reasonable price.
The Mill which is riverside pub is offering a £35 deal on Japanese food
Café Brazil has Japanese pub nearby called The Cambridge Blue. The prices are a little high.
There is a family-friendly coffee shop located near Café Sicilia called The Punter. It serves Fast food and costs less than £20. It has a low customer rating.
The Cambridge Blue is a restaurant that is rated one star.
Loch Fyne is a Japanese restaurant near The Rice Boat in the city centre has a customer rating of low
The Cricketers is a coffee shop providing Indian food It is near The Portland Arms. Its customer rating is high.
Fitzbillies is a family-friendly coffee shop serving mid-range Italian food, sited near the Thames, it is not highly rated.
Alimentum is not family friend, serves low cost French food in the riverside area.
The Waterman is a moderately priced restaurant in the city centre. They have high customer ratings and they serve English food. It is not kids friendly.
A kid-friendly coffee shop located in the riverside area near the Crowne Plaza Hotel, Browns Cambridge serves fast food and is highly-rated by customers.
The Rice Boat is located in the city centre near Express by Holiday Inn.   Indian food is serves here at a high price range. It is children friendly and has an average customer rating.
Blue Spice is a family friendly coffee shop, located near Avalon by the riverside and have a price range of less than £20, with a low customer rating.
There is a family friendly coffee shop named Fitzbillies which also serves Indian food located at the city centre which has average ratings and cheap prices.
The Phoenix, located in city centre, is a moderately priced fast food restaurant that received a high customer rating.
The Waterman serves cheap Japanese food in the city centre. It's family-friendly, cheap, and has a 5 out of 5 rating.
The Eagle can be found north of the city center, near a Burger King, with a view of the river. For their cheap prices, you and your family can receive 5-star cheeses, fruits and wines.
Blue Spice coffee shop is located near Avalon in riverside. It is not family-friendly. It has a low customer rating and offers a price range less than £20.
The Golden Curry is a child-friendly fast food restaurant with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Serving English food the kids-friendly pub Zizzi is rated 3 out of 5
Midsummer House is a low priced Bar with a All Bar One  serving Wine, Cheese and Fruits.
The Waterman is an adults only highly recommended venue sited near the Thames, serving mid-range priced Italian food.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop with Italian food in the riverside neighbourhood, near the Crowne Plaza Hotel. Enjoy a kid-friendly atmosphere and a 3-out-of-5 rating from our customers.
There is a kid friendly French pub called Zizzi that has a 1 out of 5 customer rating.
Fitzbillies is a Japanese coffee shop with a price range more than £30. It can be found in the cit centre, although it has a low customer rating. Yes, this coffee shop is child friendly.
With an average customer rating, the inexpensive Travellers Rest Beefeater is situated near Café Adriatic in the riverside area of the city.
In the riverside area, The Mill pub serves French food in the high price range.
Aromi is a family-friendly French coffee shop in the city centre with a low customer rating.
The Rice Boat, Japanese restaurant with a customer rating of  3 out of 5 in the riverside area ear Express by Holiday Inn, kid friendly and prices range between £20-£25.
The Mill is a moderately-priced English pub in the City Centre.
The Mill is a Japaneses pub in the riverside area with prices between 20 and 25 euro
The Golden Curry is family-friendly and in the £20-25 price range.  It is located near The Bakers.
for a cheap French food place in the riverside area The Waterman has a 5 out of 5 customer rating and is not child friendly
Theres a pub called Cocum, It's child-friendly, and the price is high, Customers give it a 1 out of 5.
The Punter is a cheap, sushi serving restaurant.
The children friendly pub is Giraffe.
Located near Café Rouge, Midsummer House serves Japanese food and has an average customer rating.
The Vaults is a rich, Italian themed restaurant that accepts children
Found near the Café Sicilian is The Punter. With moderate prices, fast food, and a kid friendly environment, The Punter had scored a 3 out of 5 customer rating.
Travellers Rest Beefeater on the riverside, near Café Adriatic has a moderate price with average customer ratings.
The Wrestlers offers Fast food with a price range of between £20-25. It has a high customer rating and is kids friendly.
Go to Zizzi, a low rated Italian Pub due to it's anti-family service for true Mavericks who love low ratings as this Pub has.
Fitzbillies is a restaurant near The Six Bells offering Japanese cuisine in for up to but not more than £20.
Taste of Cambridge is a restaurant that provide high quality food for cheap.
Cotto is a restaurant with a price range of £30.  It is located in riverside near All Bar One.
The Olive Grove is a very family friendly restaurant located in the riverside area.
The Golden Palace is a 5 stars coffee shop with delicious food, located near the river
in riverside Blue Spice offers Italian food. It is highly priced.
The Waterman is a fast food restaurant that is family friendly. It can be found to the north of the city center.
There is a place called The Golden Curry located  near The Bakers that is kids friendly and have English cuisine  for 20-25L price.
Cocum offers a family-friendly coffee shop atmosphere for a mid-price range.  They also offer cheeses, fruit, and wine.
Zizzi is a family-friendly fast food pub that is rated 5 out of 5.
restaurant The Golden Palace is moderate
Located near The Rice Boat and in the city centre, The Twenty Two is a restaurant hat has a low customer rating and a price range of more than £30. This is not child friendly.
The Twenty Two in riverside serves French food and is child-friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a kids friendly French venue on the riverside near The Sorrento.
Clowns is family friendly. It is near Café Sicilia and has a price range of less than £20.
Enjoy coffee and treat the kids to authentic Indian food at  The Wrestlers. A high priced establishment near Raja Indian Cuisine, in Riverside.
The Golden Curry is a family restaurant providing excellent customer service. It is located on the riverside near Café Rouge.
In the riverside is an Indian coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine called The Wrestlers. It has a cheap price range and is family friendly.
The Cricketers is a family friendly pub located near Ranch.
In the center of the city is an Indian restaurant called The Twenty Two that is not family friendly.
A coffee shop called Fitzbillies is cheap and rated one star and is family friendly
For Japanese food, there is Alimentum. It does cost more than £30 but has a 5 out of 5 rating. It's near Yippee Noodle Bar in the Riverside area.
There is an expensive wine tasting place located next to The Six Bells called Fitzbillies.
Browns Cambridge is a Chinese restaurant offering meals at less than 20 pounds. It has a low customer rating.
Aromi is an average rated and family friendly Italian coffee shop in the riverside area.
The Eagle is a restaurant with cheap food in the riverside area, with an average customer rating.
The Dumpling Tree is an upscale restaurant that serves fine cheeses, wine, and fruit.
The Italian coffee shop Wildwood is located near the Ranch. Prices are cheap and it's rated 1 out of 5.
Alimentum near Yippee Noodle Bar, has a moderate price range. Selling English food near the city centre this has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Rice Boat is located in the city center near Express by Holiday Inn. It sells Italian food for less than  £20. It is not family-friendly and it has low customer ratings.
The Wrestlers is a Japanese restaurant with a low customer rating. It has an average price and is kid friendly.
Poorly recommended Fitzbillies is a family friendly coffee shop serving moderately priced fast food, it is located on the outskirts of the city centre.
The Cricketers is a French restaurant close to All Bar One.
With a 1 out of 5 rating, near Clare Hall in Riverside, Clowns coffee shop serve Italian food
The Vaults is a Chinese restaurant.
There is a kid friendly river side Italian coffee shop near Burger King named The Eagle with a 3 out of 5 rating and a moderate price rating.
The Waterman is a English restaurant that is kid friendly and located near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Zizzi is a pub providing Chinese food Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
There is a lovely Japanese restaurant called The Waterman.  It is family friendly, has a cheap price range,  is located near the riverside, and has a  star rating.
In Riverside, near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café, there is a well-priced pub called The Golden Palace.
The Waterman is based in the riverside area and serves fast food.  It is family friendly.  It prices are low and it has a low star rating.
Cotto provides Indian food It is near Ranch. Its customer rating is high.
Zizzi pub serves Chinese food, but has a poor rating. Though is child friendly.
Alimentum is a riverside Chinese restaurant near the Yippee Noodle Bar. It costs less than 20 pounds but has a low customer rating.
There is a family restaurant The Twenty Two located on the riverside near The Rice Boat. It has poor ratings however.
Fitzbillies it is a moderate price range  coffee shop. It is located in the city centre.
The Olive Grove is a pub serving Indian food. The Olive Grove is family friendly situated within the City Centre and it's price range is less than £20.
Clowns coffee shop is rated five stars and is located near to Clare Hall.
The Wildwood pub is a great cheap place to take your family out to dinner.
On the north end by the river, visit The Waterman for cheese, fruit, and wine at a reasonable price.
Located near the Café Rouge, The Golden Curry is a highly rated, 5 out of 5, English restaurant along the riverside.
The Phoenix restaurant has a low customer rating in the more than £30 price range. It offers French food an is located in the riverside area.
Loch Fyne a child friendly restaurant serving Chinese food priced over 30.
In riverside near the Express by Holiday Inn is an Italian restaurant called The Rice Boat. Not only is it kid friendly, it has also received a high customer rating.  Price range is £20-25.
Giraffe is a pub located at the riverside that serves English food and a kid friendly place.
Near Café Brazil, is a cheap Japanese pub named The Cambridge Blue.
Browns Cambridge is cheaply priced and are rated 1 out of 5. They serve English food.
The Fast food pub, Zizzi is child friendly with a groundbreaking customer rating of 1 out of 5
An Italian coffee shop located in the city centre near Burger King, The Eagle is adult only with a high price range and an average rating
The Waterman pub serves Chinese food in the riverside area with an average customer rating.
Giraffe is a children friendly coffee shop near The Bakers.  It is children friendly with a 1 out of 5 rating.
The Punter is an expensive, family friendly coffee shop near Café Sicilia.  It is rated five stars
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Indian food in the cheap price range. It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
If your in The Bakers try the French children's specials starting at 30 at The Golden Curry
Near Ranch, family friendly Cotto serves English food, and is low rated.
If you are looking for a place to eat, go to The Wrestlers. It serves Japanese food and its customer rating is 5 out of 5. The price range is 30 pounds, but it is not children friendly.
1 out of 5 customers recommend a moderate-priced coffee shop named The Golden Palace providing Italian food, it is located by the riverside.
The Golden Curry is a Chinese restaurant  That has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 And it's not family friendly
The Golden Curry is a Indian restaurant with a high customer rating sited near a river side which is child friendly. The Golden Curry is near Café Rouge.
The Punter a family Friendly coffee shop serving Italian food at less than £20  near Café Sicilia has a low customer Rating
The Rice Boat has a high customer rating. It is located near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café, and has a slightly above average price range above the £30 mark.
The Rice Boat is a moderately-priced Indian restaurant near Express by Holiday Inn in the riverside area. They have a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and are not kid-friendly.
Near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café is the Strada it has a customer Rating of 5 out of 5 the price Range is cheap and it serves Japanese food
The Vaults is a family friendly Japanese restaurant offering food for less than £20.
Situated in riverside The Olive Grove restaurant is kid friendly.
The Rice Boat provides Indian food in the high price range. It is located in the city centre. It is near Express by Holiday Inn. Its customer rating is average.
Alimentum is an English restaurant in the riverside are near the Yippee Noodle Bar with a moderate price range and low customer rating.
The Wrestlers is an inexpensive adult French restaurant that has received poor customer ratings.
Zizzi is an average rated pub that serves Italian food and is children Friendly.
For some cheap food in riverside, head to Fitzbillies. Fitzbillies provides you fast food in a coffee shop setting. It's not family-friendly, but don't let that stop you. It has a 5 out of 5 rating by customers.
One cheap restaurant that serves English food is The Dumpling Tree.
The Wrestlers is a moderately priced, moderately rated, adult Italian restaurant.
Cocum is a restaurant with average customer rating.  It is family friendly.
The Rice Boat is a city centre Chinese which is family friendly. It does have a low rating though.
In the riverside area is a restaurant called The Olive Grove. It's a family friendly pub with a price range less than £20.
The Vaults is an expensive coffee shop with high customer satisfaction. It is located in riverside, near Café Brazil.
There is place that serves English food called The Twenty Two, but it is not family-friendly.
There is a non family-friendly Italian restaurant named The Olive Grove located in the center of the city with a price range of less than 20 euros.
The Mill is a local pub that has Indian food on the menu ranging from 20-25 per dish located in the riverside area
Wildwood is a pub in a good location with good food.
The Olive Grove is a family friendly pub by the riverside. It serves French food at below average prices.
In the riverside area there is a French restaurant called The Twenty Two which is a kid friendly restaurant.
Cotto is Indian and is near Café Rouge.
Clowns near Clare Hall is a coffee shop which does French food. It's by the riverside and has an average customer rating.
Alimentum serves English food in the city centre. The price range is less than £20.
Chinese Food is served at Loch Fyne, a family friendly restaurant.
Strada serves low priced sausage and eggs located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
The Waterman is a family-friendly server of cheap Italian food located in the city centre. It has an average customer rating
If you are looking for Italian food, then you can try the The Cricketers coffee shop, located near The Portland Arms. It is not family-friendly and has a customer rating of  average.
The Golden Curry is a family-friendly fast food restaurant rated 5 out of 5 and located near Café Rouge in the city centre.
Wildwood is a nice coffee shop where there are 5 star hamburgers at middle-priced. It is located in the Ranch
Loch Fyne is an average rated Chinese restaurant. It is located in the riverside area, near The Rice Boat.
Cotto serves Indian food near the Ranch with a high customer rating and children friendly
The Midsummer House serves English food. This establishment is located near Café Rouge with a high customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Cocum is a moderately priced Italian coffee shop, it is NOT A kid friendly place that earned a 1 star out of 5.
French food is served at The Olive Grove. This is a pub found in the riverside area. You can expect to pay more that £30 for a meal and children are not welcome.
A coffee shop in Riverside called The Golden Palace serves Indian food and  provides moderate pricing but has only a 1 out of 5 customer rating.
There is a coffee shop near The Portland Arms that serves Indian food, The Cricketers. It is not family friendly and has an average customer rating.
There is an  inexpensive pub located outside the city centre called The Mill.
In the riverside area there is an average Japanese food serving pub called The Waterman.
Clowns is a mid-price ranged place near Café Sicilia not suitable families.
Alimentum is a kid friendly French restaurant.  Their prices are moderate and they are located in the city centre.
For a low priced breakfast try The Dumpling Tree.
Low-cost, Italian food can be found at The Wrestlers.  This family-friendly restaurant receives a 1 out of 5 stars from customers.
The Rice Boat provides cheap Chinese food which is located in the riverside, by the Express by Holiday Inn. It isn't family friendly but has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Zizzi is a coffee shop with a moderate price range in riverside.  It's not kid friendly with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
There is Japanese restaurant called The Golden Curry  that is family friendly and has average ratings..
An expensive fast food restaurant that is family friendly is Loch Fyne.
The Wrestlers is an expensive, one star Italian restaurant.
Eat at The Eagle, with moderately priced fast food that isn't kind friendly.  Customer rating 1 out of 5 near Burger King at Riverside area.
The Golden Palace is a pub in riverside near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café. It's average price range is more than £30.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is not a family restaurant  but the prices are less than £20
The Rice Boat is where you can eat the best English Food with all you family, a really good choice in the riverside
The Wrestlers is an adult establishment serving Italian food. Prices are on the high side and customer ratings are a low 1 out of 5.
The Vaults is a  mid range priced family friendly full service restaurant that is just south of city center.
The Cricketers is a French restaurant. It is near All Bar One.
The Giraffe is a children friendly pub. The Giraffe serves French food and is located in the Riverside area.
Alimentum serves highly recommended mid-range English food, sited in Luton near Yippee Noodle Bar.
Midsummer House is located within walking  distance to Café Rouge.
Strada is a Japanese restaurant near Rainbow Vegetarian Café. It has a high customer rating and a family friendly environment. The average price ranged is 20-25 European dollars.
The Cricketers is a fast food restaurant which is near All Bar One.
A high price Fast food restaurant in the city centre near Clare Hall is Bibimbap House.
For the price of between £20 to £25 you can enjoy French cuisine at Bibimbap House located in the riverside area and close to Clare Hall. 
If you are looking for a family-friendly French  coffee shop in the city centre you should try The Eagle. located near to Burger King.  Prices are reasonable but ratings are low.
Loch Fyne is located in the city center near The Rice Boat. They serve Italian and have an average rating.
Aromi, a Japanese coffee shop, is a highly rated family-friendly venue near the city centre.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is an average priced restaurant near Café Adriatic in the city centre. It has good reviews overall.
A restaurant that is located in the center of the city near The Portland Arms is The Punter. It is not kid  friendly and is highly priced.
Located in the city centre, The Olive Grove is a pub specializing in fast food and moderate prices. It is not kid friendly.
There is a family friendly Chinese restaurant called The Waterman located near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
The Punter is an Indian restaurant in the below-average price range.
The Cambridge Blue is a pub serving French Food near Café Brazil.  Prices are typically under £20.00.
The Eagle is an Italian joint with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Rice Boat is an average Japanese restaurant in the city centre that is family-friendly.
The Punter is a moderately priced fast food restaurant.
Bibimbap House serves cheap French food and is located in Clare Hall in Riverside.
If you're looking for an expensive Italian restaurant, check out Browns Cambridge. Rated low.
A children friendly coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine named The Wrestlers is located in riverside and is Italian food for more than  £30.
The Wrestlers offers Japanese food, at a low price with a high rating.
Giraffe is riverside pub with a family friendly atmosphere and and fast food.
The Cricketers is near The Portland Arms. This Italian coffee shop is not family-friendly and is highly rated.
The Rice Boat is an Indian restaurant with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.  It is located riverside and is kid friendly.
Bring your family to the Japanese coffee shop Cocum. Prices are expensive and it is rated 1 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a high priced coffee shop serving Indian food in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine, not family friendly.
The Golden Curry is family friendly and rated 3 out of 5.
The Rice Boat has a price range of more than £30. With a low customer rating, it is near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
With an average customer rating and a cheap price range, Browns Cambridge serves Indian food.
Near the Ranch is an average rated pub, family friendly and called The Cricketers
Zizzi is a family friendly pub offering Japanese food. It has a low customer rating.
In the city centre, near to Burger King, is the highly rated coffee shop called The Eagle. It is not child friendly and is in the price bracket of £30 or more.
A low priced Japanese pub, The Mill is located in the city center
With a 1 out of 5 rating, The Golden Curry on Riverside near Café Rouge serves Indian cuisine. It is also a kid friendly restaurant.
Loch Fyne is an inexpensive, adult only spaghetti restaurant.
Zizzi is a pub offering sushi, and is suitable for families. It also has a five star rating.
The 5 star rated restaurant The Phoenix offers sushi.
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop that serves Italian food.  It is located near the Crowne Plaza Hotel in the Riverside area.  The customer rating is average.
If you are looking for a family friendly environment but seeking good food then The Golden Curry must be visited. With a family friendly atmosphere near Café Rouge and a customer rating of 5 out of 5, the restaurant is along the riverside and serves Italian food.
A coffee shop called Cocum has a high customer rating. It serves Japanese food with a price range of £20-25, it isn't kids friendly.
At Riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel, Taste of Cambridge is a kid friendly Indian coffee shop.
The Dumpling Tree coffee shop offers a family friendly atmosphere on the riverside near Café Sicilia. It has high prices.
Near The Six Bells there is a family friendly place The Golden Curry.
The Waterman is a Japanese pub with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.  It is in the riverside area.
Zizzi coffee shop is located in the city centre. It is not child friendly and has a low customer rating. Prices range more than £30.
Browns Cambridge is near the city centre and is a mid-priced 1 star restaurant.
the Loch Fyne serves Japanese food near The Rice Boat with a rating of 3 out of 5
The Rice Boat is a highly rated Indian restaurant, serving a menu that is mid priced. This venue is situated near Express by Holiday Inn and is family friendly.
This Fast food pub called Wildwood 5 out of 5 rating with cheap prices
Taste of Cambridge is a moderately priced restaurant with a rating of 1 out of 5.
On the riverside you can find an expensive pub called The Olive Grove.  However it is child friendly.
There is an expensive, average rating, non children-friendly English food serving restaurant located near the Express by Holiday Inn, in Riverside, called The Rice Boat.
The Waterman is an average English restaurant that is by the river. It is cheap and not family-friendly.
If you and your family are looking for French food, Loch Fyne is a kid friendly restaurant.
Aromi is Indian coffee shop. No family friendly and rating is average. It is located in the city centre.
Midsummer House offers expensive  English food located in Café Rouge.
The cheap restaurant in the riverside area near the coffee shop, Café Brazil, is called, The Vaults. It has an average customer rating
It is a no kid restaurant, however, The Vaults, and English food restaurant is a moderate price.
There is a cheap Japanese coffee shop in the riverside area which is not family-friendly called Fitzbillies. It has a 5 out of 5 rating.
There is a cheap Italian place near All Bar One that has an average rating and is named Midsummer House.
The Wrestlers, a takeaway is cheap and not family-friendly. Customers have rated it low.
In city centre the restaurant Alimentum is located, they offer French food at a moderate price.
Clowns is a pub offering alcohol at prices higher than £ 30. Customer ratings are low. It is located in the city center.
Strada is a pub located near Yippee Noodle Bar serving fantastic French Food.
The Midsummer House is an average Chinese restaurant near All Bar One with cheap food.
The Wrestlers fast food Café  is located in city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine  with a moderate price range and is kids friendly.
The Rice Boat sells English food and is located in the riverside are near Express by Holiday Inn. Highly rated by customers, with no kids allowed and an average meal cost of £20-25.
Aromi is a pub located in the riverside area. It has a low customer rating, but is children-friendly.
The Golden Curry is a low priced establishment serving British food. It is located near The Bakers and is not family friendly.
Bibimbap House is a restaurant providing Chinese food at a moderate rate. It is located in city center near Clare Hall
The Strada is located near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café. It is an expensive family friendly restaurant in the high price range with excellent customer reviews.
Aromi is a kid-friendly, fast food coffee shop in Riverside with a high customer rating.
Loch Fyne is a fast-food restaurant near The Rice Boat, north of the City centre and near the river.
The Vaults pub, near Café Adriatic is an expensive, three star pub.
In the city centre, near to Express by Holiday Inn is located The Rice Boat that offers Japanese food with a high price range, there is no children area and it has a customer rating 3 out of 5.
Found in the riverside area, The Waterman pub serves low-rated French foods.
Green Man is a restaurant providing French food near  All Bar One riverside area and the price range £20-25.
Near Café Rouge is an English restaurant called The Golden Curry. It is family-friendly.
The Golden Curry is a children friendly Japanese place with a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is near Café Rouge by the riverside.
A low rated fast food. restaurant on the riverside is The Waterman pub
The Twenty Two is a restaurant serving Indian food. It is located by the riverside, and is not family friendly.
Browns Cambridge is near The Sorrento, north of the city centre.
Moderately priced Cocum is a Japanese coffee shop, not recommended for kids.  It has a customer rating 3 out of 5.
By the riverside, Indian food at the cost of £20-25 is served in the pub named The Mill.
There is a family friendly coffee shop, that sells fast food, near Crown Plaza Hotel by the riverside called Browns Cambridge and it has low customer rating.
A mid-priced, kid friendly restaurant is Travellers Rest Beefeater.
Alimentum has an average rating from customers. Located on the riverside near the Yippee Noodle Bar it serves French food within the under £20 price range.
The Punter, a children friendly coffee shop with excellent customer rating, serves Japanese food at high price. It is located near Café Sicilia.
In the city centre near Clare Hall is an Italian restaurant called Bibimbap House.
The Dumpling Tree is a restaurant that serves British food and is cheap.
Bibimbap House is an Italian restaurant in Riverside located near The Rice Boat.
The Mill is a pub that provides Indian food in the high price range. It is located in the city centre.
The Twenty Two, located on the riverside, is a kids friendly Fast food restaurant.
Riverside restaurant Blue Spice offers cheap Italian food.
There is a Japanese restaurant called Alimentum that is children friendly and located in Riverside. The general price range is more than £30.
Zizzi is a restaurant in the city centre featuring moderate pricing.
The Waterman is a pub providing Indian food It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is low.
Bibimbap House is near Clare Hall in the riverside area. It offers Japanese food in the high price range.
Cotto is a coffee shop located near The Portland Arms. Cotto is low-cost and has five out of five stars.
A child friendly restaurant is Travellers Rest Beefeater. It is in the high price range.
The Golden Curry is a family-friendly restaurant. Located near Café Rouge.
The up market French coffee shop, The Wrestlers, is located at the riverside near to the Raja Indian Cuisine restaurant
The Cricketers is a pub located near Ranch with a family friendly atmosphere.
The Cricketers is a family-friendly coffee shop serving French food. It has an average customer rating and is near The Portland Arms.
Aromi is a coffee shop located in City Centre.  Not  Family friendly and has a 1 out of 5 customer rating.
Wildwood has a low customer rating, high prices and is located near Ranch.
For gourmet food,  head to Browns Cambridge.
For highly rated Indian food at a higher price point in a child friendly central venue, try The Waterman.
Loch Fyne is a child friendly Fast food restaurant with a price range of £20-25.
The Rice Boat near Express by Holiday Inn in the city centre serves English good at a price range of £20-25. It has a high customer rating and is not kid friendly.
The Phoenix is a mid-price restaurant by the river.
Alimentum is an inexpensive fast food restaurant located in the city centre near the Yippee Noodle Bar.  It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Alimentum offers Italian food ranging more than £30 ,highly rated by customers. Located in riverside near Yippee Noodle Bar.
The Cambridge Blue is a pub that provides Indian food in the less than £20 price range. It is near Café Brazil.
Zizzi is a coffee shop on Riverside. It has low customer ratings, but it is affordable and family-friendly.
Clowns is a restaurant by The Portland Arms.
Cocum is a kids friendly coffee shop with moderate price
There is French food priced above £30 at The Punter
The Rice Boat is an Indian restaurant in the price range of more than £30. Located in Riverside near Express by Holiday Inn, it has a children friendly atmosphere and high customer rating.
The Waterman is a superior restaurant for the family located by the river
Serving Japanese food, The Phoenix restaurant, with a medium customer rating, is located in the riverside area.
In the City Centre, near the Café Rouge, is a French food selling pub called The Plough. It is not children friendly and has a price range of more than £30.
The pub, Clowns, is in the riverside area and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 with prices in the moderate range.
The Punter is a cheap Italian coffee shop near Café Sicilia that has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 but is not family-friendly.
Indian cuisine by The Rice Boat is rated highly but the price is more than average. It is child friendly and it near Express by Holiday Inn in the city centre.
The Mill is an coffee shop that serves Indian food, with a price range of more than £30. It is located on the riverside near The Sorrento.
Browns Cambridge serves reasonably priced English food.  It has been given an average rating by its customers.
The Loch Fyne restaurant serves English food and is family friendly.
On the riverside The Phoenix serves cheap Japanese food, but has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Cotto is a high priced coffee shop . It is located in The Portland Arms.
Cocum is a Japanese coffee shop with a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is kids friendly and the price range is around £20-25.
The Dumpling Tree is a low price restaurant that serves English food.
In the city centre Blue Spice is the lowest customer Rated restaurant  in the price range of less than £20
Next to Burger King, The Eagle a family friendly three star French restaurant
Aromi is a coffee shop providing Indian food It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is low.
A family friendly coffee shop near Café Sicilia in the riverside area is The Dumpling Tree, with a cheap price range.
Browns Cambridge is cheap with a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
The city centre is home to a Japanese pub called Green Man, it's near Café Rouge.
The Cricketers is a coffee Shop. It is located in City center near The Portland Arms. Have 3 out of 5 costumer rating and family-friendly.
The Plough is a pub that serves Indian food at a high price. The Plough is child friendly and it is near Café Rouge
Fitzbillies is a child friendly restaurant which provides high quality food at a high price. Fitzbilies is located near the Express by Holiday Inn and is rated 1 out of 5 by customers.
Browns Cambridge is a cheap venue with an average customer rating.
Zizzi is a pub that offers Chinese food. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 and is considered family Friendly.
Italian food is offered at The Rice Boat by the riverside.
Strada is a high-priced, family friendly restaurant located near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café. They received five stars.
Wildwood, a coffee shop near Ranch, serves Italian food in the cheap price Range and has an average customer Rating.
There is a pub The Waterman that serves breakfast.  The quality is questionable.
A mid priced restaurant located next to All Bar One is Midsummer House.
The Wrestlers is a child friendly establishment that provides Italian food. The price range is more than  £30 and the customer rating is high.
Yes, there is a children-friendly Fast food place near Ranch, it's called  Cotto and has an average customer rating.
Japanese venue named Cotto is near Café Rouge.
The Plough is a pub near Café Rouge serving family friendly Italian food at approximately £20 per person
Highly rated French coffee shop near Burger King is The Eagle. It is not kids friendly. The price ranges from £20-25.
The Golden Curry is located near to The Six Bells. They do not presently cater for families with small children.
The Olive Grove is a pub that serves Indian food. They have a moderate price range, are kid friendly, and are located in the city centre.
Located in the city centre near Café Rouge is The Golden Curry which serves Japanese food. It is not family-friendly and has an average customer rating.
A kid friendly coffee shop near the Crowne Plaza Hotel and the riverside that also serves Italian food and is called Taste of Cambridge.
Fitzbillies is an Italian coffee shop that is kid friendly and has a high customer rating and a price range of £20-25 located in the city centre
Near Yippee Noodle Bar in the city centre are a Chinese restaurant called Alimentum with a average rating for the high price of the food
Strada is near Rainbow Vegetarian Café, with a low customer rating and a high price range. It is Japanese and not family-friendly.
The Eagle; a coffee Shop with an Indian style, is situated by the riverside, next to Burger King. It is ideal for couples and has a high price range. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Waterman is a cheap riverside family friendly restaurant that has 1 star.
Although not kid friendly, Loch Fyne is a moderately priced fast food restaurant.
The Twenty Two is high priced, kid friendly restaurant. It is located near The Rice Boat in the Riverside area. Customers give it a 3 out of 5.
Bibimbap House, a Japanese restaurant near Clare Hall in the riverside area, has a price range of more than £30
A Japanese restaurant in the city centre is called Aromi.
In the centre near The Sorrento is The Mill, a coffee shop serving Italian food, generally costing less than twenty pounds.
Down on the riverside for between 20 and 25 Euros, a great Italian coffee shop with an excellent kid friendly atmosphere which lends to its high customer rating is Fitzbillies.
The Golden Curry is a family friendly establishment, located near The Six Bells.
The Eagle is a family friendly coffee shop, with a low prices, they serve fast food, it is located by the riverside near a Burger King. It has a low customer rating.
Wildwood is a pub that sells expensive Chinese food. It has an average rating.
At a price range of £20-25 The Punter is kids friendly and is in the riverside area near The Portland Arms.
Alimentum is a low priced restaurant with high customer rating. It is located in the Yippee Noodle Bar.
For less than £20, you can go to The Golden Curry near The Bakers, where its family friendly and they sell English food.
Midsummer House is next to Café Rouge and is a one star rated restaurant.
In the city centre, near Burger King, is an affordable Italian coffee shop named The Eagle. It has a moderate customer rating, and is not kid friendly.
The Eagle serves English food and has an average customer Rating.
Located in city centre, The Olive Grove is a kid friendly, moderately priced pub.
The Phoenix serves high-priced Italian food. It is by the riverside and has a high customer rating.
The Waterman is a fast food restaurant with reasonable prices. It is family-friendly and located in the city centre, with a customer rating of low.
The Olive Grove is a pub in the city centre that does Fast food , it is in the moderate price range and is not child friendly
The Rice Boat is a regular priced restaurant by the river side near the Express by Holiday Inn
Blue Spice coffee shop rated 1 out of 5, kid friendly, moderate prices near Avalon in riverside.
For French food and coffee, you can go to Taste of Cambridge. In the city centre, near Crowne Plaza Hotel. Please note it is not family-friendly.
high priced average rating family-friendly The Rice Boat serves English food in the city centre near Express by Holiday Inn
The Golden Curry offers Italian food. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 and is family friendly.
Pub The Cambridge Blue near Café Brazil with Italian food and very cheap prices
Passing the Crowne Plaza Hotel is The Waterman, a nice place to go out with friends.
The Wrestlers is a kids friendly coffee shop that provides Indian food with prices that range around £20-25. Located in the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine.
Alimentum is a French restaurant that is kid friendly and moderately priced.  It is located in the city centre.
Overpriced and unsatisfactory is Clowns. You can find it at the riverside.......Or not........
near Clare Hall is a cheap  Japanese restaurant called Bibimbap House in the riverside area.
There is an expensive family-friendly restaurant with a low customer rating named The Wrestlers.
Green Man is an Italian restaurant near All Bar One by the riverside which is kids friendly with a price range of £20-25.
There is a place near The Rice Boat in city centre called The Twenty Two. It is child friendly but has low customer reviews and is more than 30 pounds.
One family friendly fast food venue in the riverside area is The Rice Boat.  It has a low customer rating.
The Rice Boat is an English restaurant with a high customer rating. Meals can cost over 30 pounds. It is located in the city centre near the Express by Holiday Inn.
The Eagle coffee shop serves cheap and average-rated Indian dishes in a family-friendly environment. It is located in the center of town near Burger King.
Green Man is an Indian restaurant with prices less than £20, located in the riverside area near All Bar One, that is not family friendly.
The moderate pried English food in The Phoenix got a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is located in Riverside
The Golden Palace French coffee shop near the city centre which have a customer rating of 5 out 5 has a price range of more than £30
The Dumpling Tree coffee shop near Café Sicilia is in the riverside area, kid friendly, and prices are moderate.
There is a restaurant Italian with moderate price range in the city centre on the side Yippee Noodle Bar, yes its Alimentum with rank 3 out of 5
The Rice Boat It provides fast foods at a reduced price and is located near the river,there Express by Holiday Inn
Yes, there is a Fast food called Strada in front of Rainbow Vegetarian Café, it's cheap and has a qualification of 5 out of 5.
Cocum is a highly rated, kid friendly restaurant.
Low priced Italian restaurant The Vaults is not family-friendly.
Cocum is a kid friendly restaurant with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Golden Curry is an English restaurant, located by the riverside near to Café Rouge. It is not family-friendly and has an average customer rating.
located in the city centre but does not cater for children The Blue Spice is cheap in price with customer reviews of 5 out of 5.
The Taste of Cambridge is a coffee shop - family-friendly serving French food in the city centre, near the Crowne Plaza Hotel
Though not family-friendly, cheap Italian restaurant The Wrestlers has gained an average customer rating.
The Punter is a high price range Fast food
Strada is French, family friendly, highly rated, and has cheap prices near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
Child friendly and 30 pounds or more, The Waterman is a place to visit.
A fast food place with a price range of more than £30 is The Punter.
There is an English restaurant in riverside called Bibimbap House. It is near The Rice Boat.
In the riverside area there is a pub, The Twenty Two near Café Sicilia with 5 out of 5 customer ratings.
The Golden Curry is family friendly and serve sushi.  They are rated 1 out of 5. They are located near Café Rouge in the city centre.
There is a Chinese restaurant called Alimentum located in the city centre near Yippee Noodle Bar with 3 out of 5 customer rating and it's price range is moderate.
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing Indian food in the cheap price range. It is located in the riverside. It is near Burger King. Its customer rating is average.
French food at Strada, near Rainbow Vegetarian Café with 3 out of 5 as costumer rating. No kids friendly and price range  between £20-25.
Cotto is a coffee shop near The Portland Arms in the riverside area that serves moderately priced Indian food. It has received customer ratings of 3 out of 5.
The Alimentum,  located in the city centre near Yippee Noodle Bar, offers moderate pricing and Japanese cuisine. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Cambridge Blue is a restaurant serving English food. It has a high customer rating.
Riverside restaurant offering Chinese food located near Café Rouge. The name is The Golden Curry
Loch Fyne offers food and drink. It has good ratings and is located near The Rice Boat.
In the riverside area serving Fast food is The Mill which is a moderately priced pub
An average customer rating Fast food located in city Centre named The Phoenix which has cheap price range.
For fast food there is The Phoenix located in the riverside area. The restaurant has low customer ratings.
A cheap, family friendly restaurant called The Plough is located close to The Bakers.
In the city centre near the Express by Holiday Inn is a family friendly restaurant named The Rice Boat. It is low priced with a 3 out of 5 rating.
In the city centre area near Café Rouge is  a fast food premises called The Golden Curry. It is family-friendly and has a customer rating of average.
Try Browns Cambridge, it is a family friendly coffee shop with Italian food. It is located near the Crown Plaza Hotel and has a low customer rating.
There is a sushi restaurant called The Twenty Two that does not allow families with small children.
Aromi has three popular child friendly Sicilian coffee shops in the city centre. Go to Peas Hill for Aromi's ice cream.
There is a coffee shop on the riverside called Fitzbillies that you can bring your kids to and still only spend a moderate amount of money on the Japanese food.
Strada, located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café, is an Indian restaurant with a high customer rating. It has a price range of 20-25 pounds, and is not kid friendly.
In Riverside, The Golden Curry, near Café Rouge, is family friendly and serves English food and has an average customer rating.
French food Loch Fyne with a customer Rating of 1 out of 5 is available at riverside near The Rice Boat.
The Punter is a high rated children friendly coffee shop serving Italian food at prices starting with 30 £, near Café Sicilia.
The Phoenix Indian restaurant is priced higher than £30, with a  high customer Rating located in the city centre.
Cotto a coffee shop serving Japanese cuisine in the price range of L20-25 and is located near The Portland Arms. Customers have rated the establishment 3 out of 5.
There's a family friendly Italian food restaurant in the riverside called Green Man in the cheap price range near All Bar One
The Punter is a French food venue. The food prices are in the range of £20-25.
Located in the city centre, The Phoenix is an average rated Italian restaurant.
Located near Café Sicilia, The Punter is a Japanese coffee shop. They received a 5 out of 5 customer rating but are fairly expensive.
The Dumpling Tree is a mid priced restaurant off the main road serving different food items and drink.
With the average cost about 30 pounds, you wont have to spend much to enjoy a whole, family-friendly environment at Green Man.
A family friendly place serving Chinese food is called The Waterman.  It is located in the city center
There is a family-friendly English restaurant near the Crowne Plaza Hotel called The Waterman.
Wildwood is a cheap pub in the heart of the city.
Near Burger King in Riverside is a coffee shop that offers Indian food called The Eagle. It has a very low customer rating and has average prices. It is family friendly.
Giraffe is a pub serving Chinese food. you can enjoy your meal with your kids on the riverside. Yes, yes it is kids friendly.
Loch Fyne, rated 1 out of 5 is an Italian food serving venue, located near The Rice Boat in riverside.
The Punter is a low-priced coffee shop in Café Sicilia that delivers take-away.
Cotto provides Indian food It is near Ranch. Its customer rating is high.
The Waterman is a high priced Chinese food restaurant near the city center with a high rating.
The Waterman is family-Friendly, cheap and provides fast food. It has a low customer rating. It is located riverside.
A British food restaurant that is not family friendly is called The Twenty Two.
The Eagle is a moderate price range Italian coffee shop near Burger King in riverside. It is not kid friendly and has a customer rating 3 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge is a child friendly, Japanese, riverside restaurant situated near The Sorrento.
There is a kid-friendly coffee shop offering Italian food located near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area. It is called The Wrestlers, and is moderately priced.
Blue Spice is a highly rated establishment located in the city centre. The price range is average at £20-25. Blue Spice is not kids friendly.
Strada is a cheap Chinese restaurant, located near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
In the city centre near Express by Holiday Inn there is an Italian restaurant with a high customer rating that is not kids friendly. It's called The Rice Boat and is in the price range of £20-25.
Alimentum is an expensive sushi restaurant near the Yippee Noodle Bar.
The Waterman is a Japanese place in riverside that is not kid friendly. They are priced high and have great customer ratings.
The Waterman is a high priced low customer rating restaurant i the city centre. It is family-friendly and they serve Japanese food.
The Punter is near Café Sicilia with Italian food ranging from £20-25 and has a high customer rating but is not kid friendly.
Offering Japanese food is coffee shop Wildwood. It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is located near Ranch and has a high price range.
The Rice Boat serves Italian food in the moderate price range, is kids friendly, located near Express by Holiday Inn in the city centre and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Vaults has a high customer rating and prices higher than £30. It's a pub near Café Adriatic.
Giraffe is a restaurant with moderate prices situated near The Six Bells.
The Golden Palace, a 3 star coffee shop that offers affordable French cuisine with beautiful riverside scenery.
The Eagle is an Italian coffee shop near Burger King in riverside with a customer rating of 1 out of 5
Blue Spice has a high price range and is by the riverside
The Rice Boat provides Chinese food It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is high.
Kid friendly restaurant The Golden Curry has a customer rating 1 out of 5 and is fast food
The Italian place near Café Rouge is called Cotto.
The Wrestlers is a restaurant located nearby that provides a low priced fast food option, suitable for families as well.
Strada is a family-friendly fast food restaurant in the medium price range. It is located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café has a customer rating of five out of five.
The Punter coffee shop is a low priced family restaurant near Café Sicilia.
Near The Portland Arms, there is a kid-friendly pub serving English food called The Dumpling Tree.
If its fast food you want, near The Six Bells pub is a fast food place, Called Fitzbillies where you can eat for less than £20.
There is a cheap UK breakfast restaurant Bibimbap House located in City Centre that is also next to Clare Hall.
Browns Cambridge is a highly rated French coffee shop that offers a family friendly atmosphere. They are located near the Crowne Plaza Hotel in Riverside.
Cotto is a low-cost, one-star coffee shop located near The Portland Arms.
Fitzbillies is an upscale restaurant that does mostly wine pairings and is located next to The Six Bells.
Cocum is a child friendly coffee shop serving Italian food in the £20 to £25 price range with a high customer rating
For cheap fast food, The Wrestlers coffee shop is in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine.  It is not family friendly.
The Rice Boat is an average and cheap restaurant near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
The Vaults is a cheap pub near Café Adriatic with a 5 out of 5 rating.
There is a children friendly 5 star restaurant along the riverside called The Rice Boat.
If you have children, bring them over to Loch Fyne's English restaurant.
with an average customer review The Rice Boat close to the city centre serves Fast food but does not cater for children.
The Wildwood coffee shop near Ranch sells high priced Japanese food and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Vaults, located in the riverside area near Café Brazil, is a moderately priced coffee shop with a three out of five customer rating.
Serving Italian food, The Olive Grove, a pub type eatery is located in the riverside area. They are family-friendly and have a price range of less than L20.
If you are looking for a restaurant in the riverside area, try Zizzi. Prices start at £30.
Strada is a pricey Indian restaurant near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café. It has great customer ratings and is a very child friendly.
The Cricketers is a Japanese coffee shop with a low customer rating.  Not recommended for families, and close to The Portland Arms.
Near the Yippee Noodle Bar, you'll find Strada; a Japanese pub with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Punter has Italian style cuisine.
Blue Spice is a kids friendly restaurant in the city centre, with an average customer rating of three out of five. It offers food at an affordable rate of £20 - £25.
There is Japanese food at The Vaults restaurant.
With a customer rating of 3 out of 5, Strada, located near Yippee Noodle Bar, is a Japanese pub.
Taste of Cambridge is a restaurant with an average customer rating and a high price range.
Family friendly English restaurant, Loch Fyne with cheap menu prices.
The Plough is a French, kids Friendly pub located near Café Rouge with prices from £20-£25.
Browns Cambridge is an Indian coffee shop with a high customer rating in Riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is also family friendly
Browns Cambridge offers Chinese food at a moderate price range. It is customer rating are 3 out of 5.
The Punter is a high rated, children friendly coffee shop serving Fast food near Café Sicilia in the price range of more than £30.
The Mill is a pub in the riverside area.  It serves Chinese in a moderate price range.
An Italian coffee shop, Aromi, is located by the riverside. It received average ratings and is kid friendly.
An English restaurant called The Rice Boat can be found near the river.
The Golden Palace, a coffee shop located in the city centre is high priced, but have Indian food and hold a 1 out of 5 customer  rating.
Taste of Cambridge is a new restaurant with prices ranging up to £20. Although not highly rated at the moment, it is becoming increasingly popular.
The Dumpling Tree is a Japanese restaurant with a price range of less then £20.
The Phoenix serves English food and is in the city centre. It moderate priced and has a rating of 1 out of 5
With average Cambridge prices, comes the Chinese restaurant called The Dumpling Tree.
Although non-family-friendly, The Waterman has a price range of less than £20.
Bibimbap House is the place for great food and great atmosphere , located in Clare Hall.
The Italian restaurant, The Dumpling Tree, has a price range of less than £20.
The Cambridge Blue, rated 3 out of 5, is a fast food restaurant.
The Mill coffee shop serves French food for less than £20. It is located riverside near The Sorrento.
High priced family-friendly coffee shop, The Eagle has a 3 out of 5 customer rating and offers a Japanese menu.  It is located at the city centre near the Burger King.
Fitzbillies is an Italian restaurant located near The Six Bells, with a price range of £20-25.
There is a kid friendly pub located near the Café Rouge. The Plough provides £20-£25 Chinese cuisine.
The Phoenix serves high priced fast food with a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is centrally located.
Strada is a pub serving Italian food near Yippee Noodle Bar, it  has an average rating.
The Waterman pub features Indian style food on the riverside.
There is an expensive French coffee shop near Ranch which has a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is called Wildwood.
Zizzi is a family friendly coffee shop, however it is expensive and only rated one star
Looking for a family friendly and low price range restaurant, go to The Plough that's down by The Bakers.
The Punter near Café Sicilia is a children friendly, fast food coffee shop in the high price range with a 1 out of 5 customer rating.
The Waterman is an Indian restaurant that usually costs more than £30. It has a high customer rating, is by the riverside, and is not children friendly.
The Vaults provides fast food.
For 3 out of five star dining, leave your children at home and enjoy this French themed coffee shop with expensive taste.  Cocum is a experience you wont soon forget.
The Punter is a coffee shop that sells Indian food for cheap. It is located near Café Sicilia, is rated 5 out of 5, but is not family friendly.
In riverside a cheap pub with an average rating is Clowns.
The Waterman is a family oriented Italian restaurant that is moderately priced in the riverside area with a customer rating 1 out of 5.
The Mill is a pub in the Riverside area that serves Japanese food for less than £20.
Giraffe is a child-friendly coffee shop near The Bakers.  It has a high customer rating, but the price range is more than £30.
Giraffe is a children friendly Japanese pub on the riverside.
Loch Fyne is a Japanese restaurant, which is child friendly.
The coffee shop The Eagle is located near Burger King in  riverside, it has a moderate price range and a kid friendly atmosphere with Italian food and a rating of 3 out of 5.
The Phoenix is a cheap priced Japanese restaurant in the City Centre with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
A cheap restaurant would be Strada, it is near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
The Punter is a family friendly coffee shop and fast food restaurant. It is near Café Sicilia.
The Eagle coffee shop  is a restaurant providing take-away deliveries in the medium price range. It's located besides Burger King has goddess rating and is for the whole family
Cotto is an affordable Italian restaurant and coffee shop, near The Portland Arms. It has a three-star rating.
Browns Cambridge is a fast food coffee shop with customer rating of 1 out of 5 and are child friendly. It is located at the riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
The Golden Curry is a 3 star, family friendly Café located close to Café Rouge providing take-away deliveries in the low price range. It is located in the city centre.
There  is a 5 star rated fast food restaurant in the city centre called The Eagle
The Golden Palace is a Japanese coffee shop located in the city centre.  It has an average price rating with a customer rating 3 out of 5.
Alimentum is a restaurant in the high price range.  It's rated 5 stars, eat in only. It is located east of Yippee Noodle Bar.
Cocum is a French style coffee shop, rated 5 stars with a expensive kid friendly atmosphere.
Kid-friendly, Chinese food place, The Rice Boat, is located near the Express by Holiday Inn at the City Centre, with a reasonable price range of £20-25, with a high customer rating.
There is a moderately priced, kid friendly coffee shop in the city centre area near Burger King that has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 named The Eagle.
The Rice Boat offers high-priced French food that has received a 5 out of 5 rating. It is located in riverside near the Express by Holiday Inn. This is not a children friendly establishment.
The Alimentum is a fast food restaurant in the city centre near Yippee Noodle Bar with a high price range and a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Loch Fyne is a Chinese restaurant located in the riverside area which is near The Rice Boat and it has 5 out of 5 customer rating.
You can enjoy your time at Fitzbillies with other adults as children are not allowed. The prices are in the mid range, and Fitzbillies is located next to Express by Holiday Inn.
Blue Spice is a Japanese restaurant in the center of the city that has a price range of less than 20 pounds.
Located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café, Strada serves Indian food.  It is moderately priced, not kid friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
For a child free riverside coffee shop that serves French style food at a high price and a customer rating of 3 out of 5 then visit The Eagle which is located near to Burger King
The Plough is a pub near Café Rouge that provides Fast food with a price range of less than  £20. It is not family-friendly.
If you're looking for a cheap and family friendly pub near riverside, there's The Olive Grove. It serves French food.
Fast food can be found in the city centre at low rated Wildwood pub. Its prices are reasonable.
The Wrestlers is a nice family atmosphere and service fast food, has a nice clentele and moderate prices
Taste of Cambridge is a 3 out of 5 customer rated restaurant with a moderate price range.
The Plough has cheap food in a family friendly environment. It is located near Café Rouge.
Near the Express by Holiday Inn and serving the riverside area with a 5 out of 5 customer rating is a fast food establishment called The Rice Boat. It has cheap prices and is not family-friendly.
There is a coffee shop called Fitzbillies located in the city centre, they serve Italian food and have a 3 out of 5 rating.
There is a family-friendly coffee shop , Aromi, that serves French food, which is located in the center of the city. It has low customer ratings.
In the riverside area you will find Fitzbillies, a moderately priced kids friendly Italian coffee shop with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
There's a fast food place by the riverside called The Phoenix.  People really like it.
The Japanese restaurant, The Cambridge Blue has an average rating.
Midsummer House is a Chinese venue near Café Rouge with average customer rating.
The Twenty Two is a family friendly business in riverside featuring Indian cuisine.
Near Avalon, Blue Spice coffee shop in riverside. Yes, kid friendly. Price range: Moderate. Customer Rating: 3 of 5.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop that serves moderately priced Indian food and is kid friendly.  They are located in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Dumpling Tree is an Indian restaurant with a price range between £20-25.
Blue Spice is a cheap coffee shop located near Avalon.  It is not a family friendly coffee shop.
The Dumpling Tree is a pub located in The Portland Arms that is not for family's but great for people looking for a good time. It is sit in and serves great food
With an average customer rating, and less than £20, Wildwood offers French pub entries.
Alimentum is a family-friendly venue located by the river, serving cheap English food.
kids-friendly pub The Plough serves English food at a moderate price located near Café Rouge.
Loch Fyne, near The Rice Boat in riverside, is average with English food.
Browns Cambridge is a average rated, high priced English food.
There is a coffee shop called The Eagle near the Burger King in city centre.  They serve French food in a non-child friendly environment at prices more than  £30 and have earned a low customer rating.
Traditional British food is available at the Browns Cambridge restaurant.
The Vaults is a pub near Café Adriatic with high customer ratings and food in the  £20-25 price range.
The Mill is located near The Sorrento, in Riverside. Its a coffee shop that serves fast food. Their average cost is  more than £30.
The Wrestlers , a new bar with the aim to entertain, this focuses on Chinese food, has a price range of £ 20-25 consumers tend to rate quite high , it does not have childhood environment.
Browns Cambridge is Italian restaurant. It is located in riverside area near The Sorrento. Browns Cambridge is Kids Friendly
Browns Cambridge is a cheap fast food restaurant with a low customer rating.
The Waterman is placed near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
A pub named Giraffe that is not family-friendly is located in the riverside area.
The Waterman in the Crown Plaza Hotel serves fast and kid friendly food.
In riverside you will find The Rice Boat which is a low rated Japanese restaurant  located near Express by Holiday Inn with prices more than £30. It is not kid friendly.
Come to city centre for English food at The Phoenix with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
With an average customer rating, Blue Spice  has a high price range and is child friendly.
The Wrestlers serves Japanese food for less than £20 in a family friendly environment with an average customer rating.
The Waterman is a 1 out of 5 rated child friendly English restaurant in the city center. It is in the moderate price range.
Offering Japanese food, The Rice Boat is adult only with cheap prices located near the Express by Holiday Inn in the city centre with average ratings.
If you are near Café Rouge and you want a pub with Indian food, then The Plough is a match. It is a place suitable for children and its price range is around £30.
Aromi is a coffee shop that provides Indian food with low customer rating. It is located in the riverside. It is family friendly.
There is an average Italian restaurant near the riverside called The Rice Boat. It is family friendly.
Cotto is an average Italian near Ranch that is child friendly.
Average rated French dining in riverside near Café Rouge is The Golden Curry, offering French food and is family friendly.
There is a children friendly place called The Waterman that has French food near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Fitzbillies is a restaurant that is kids friendly and price range is £20-£25 near Express by Holiday Inn and customer rating 3 out of 5
Bibimbap House is Japanese food restaurant with moderate price range. It is located in city centre near Clare Hall.
Clowns is an expensive pub with a 1 out of 5 customer rating in the riverside area.
Bibimbap House sells French cuisine between £20-£25 and is found by the riverside by Clare Hall.
The Eagle restaurant serves English food and has a low customer rating.
The Vaults is an Indian restaurant. They are kid friendly and are moderately priced.
The Golden Curry is a dine in restaurant that accommodates families but has terrible reviews.
Children not allowed. Chinese food and pub, Zizzi. Average customer rating.
The Punter, a cheap but highly rated coffee shop is not family-friendly,  It offers Italian food and is located near Café Sicilia.
The Rice Boat is a family friendly establishment offering Italian food with a price range above £30 and a high customer rating. It is situated in riverside near the Express by Holiday Inn.
Near Café Brazil is a French pub named The Cambridge Blue with prices more than £30.
Near The Portland Arms is a kids-friendly pub that serves French food called The Dumpling Tree.
The Twenty Two is a company that makes French food. It is family friendly and located in the riverside area.
The Golden Curry has English food with moderate price range. It is located near The Bakers and is not kids-friendly.
Midsummer House is a restaurant providing sushi in the mid price range near All Bar One.
Giraffe is an adult only burger pub located right off the river and north of City centre.
Located near The Bakers, Kid-friendly restaurant, The Golden Curry, offers Japanese cuisine with a moderate price range.
Strada is a top rated pub serving English food near Yippee Noodle Bar.
Near Café Adriatic  is a pub named The Vaults which has a moderate price range but only rates 1 out of 5.
The Wrestlers coffee shop. It is located in riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine. Start from low price and friend-family too.
Fitzbillies is family friendly with a 5 out of 5 customer rating. It is in the low price range and located near Express by Holiday Inn.
Located next to the Rainbow Vegetarian Café is the Strada restaurant which serves hamburgers. It is low priced, low quality, and family friendly.
Cocum is an Italian coffee shop. The ratings are average and the price is high. They are not child-friendly.
Cocum is a five star coffee shop that is suitable for big families.
Midsummer House is an expensive restaurant that serves American food. It is located by the Café Rouge.
For some mid-range priced food try Strada, situated near Rainbow Vegetarian Café. Some family friendly eating.
The Alimentum can be found to the north of the city center. It is mid price range and family friendly.
There is a Japanese place called Green Man near All Bar One riverside that is child friendly and costs more than 30 pounds.
The Plough, an Italian pub, is child friendly, in the high price range and located near Café Rouge.
With a one out of five customer rating, Clowns is an Italian coffee shop located near Clare Hall in the riverside area.
The Dumpling Tree is an upscale Italian restaurant.
Fitzbillies offers low cost drinks and light meal options for families.  It is located on the outskirts of town.
Chinese restaurant The Phoenix is located in the city centre area and is in the high price range. It has an average customer rating.
There is a restaurant called The Waterman providing Indian food located in the city centre with low customer rating and it's price range is less than £20 and also it is family friendly.
Alimentum serves Italian food and is located in Riverside, near the Yippee Noodle Bar. The customer rating is low and food is priced less than £20 .
The Wrestlers in the riverside area, located near Raja Indian Cuisine, offers Italian food in a coffee shop atmosphere. This establishment is child friendly but has a high price range.
The Eagle is a coffee shop in the riverside area near Burger King. Also serving French food at low prices, customers rate it 5 out of 5 but it isn't family-friendly.
The Phoenix is an excellently rated fast food spot, near the riverside.
The Rice Boat is a family-friendly, fast-food restaurant located in the City centre area near the Express by Holiday Inn.  Customers give this restaurant a 1 out of 5 star review.
I went to a local pub called Zizzi. The customer ratings are high so I decided to try it out, it's kid friendly which is a big plus for me and its Japanese.
The Punter serves coffee and Indian food. The Punter is family friendly and serves food for a cheap price, they have average customer service, and they are located near Café Sicilia.
A customer rating of 3 out of 5 stars can be considers pretty high for a coffee shop. There can be shops located in riverside near Café Brazil with the name, The Vaults.
The Golden Curry is highly rated and family friendly. They are located near Café Rouge.
At riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel, there is a coffee shop that provides Italian food with a customer rating 5 out of 5 called Browns Cambridge. It is not family-friendly.
The Phoenix provides Japanese food. It is located in the city centre.
Browns Cambridge a family-friendly coffee shop located in city centre, near the Crowne Plaza Hotel. Food served is French with average customer ratings.
The Waterman is a restaurant providing moderately priced Chinese food. It is located in the city centre and has a 3 out of 5 star rating.
The sushi restaurant Loch Fyne offers cheap sushi at a low price point suitable for families.
There is a family-friendly French restaurant with a price range for less than £20 and is located in the city centre near the All Bar One, it is called Green Man.
Blue Spice is a coffee shop that provides high-priced coffee drinks and is opened to all age groups. It is located near Avalon
Italian place The Eagle has a rating of 1 out of 5
The Vaults is a Japanese restaurant that is family friendly. The price range is less than £20.
For 5 out of 5 rated French cuisine, visit Browns Cambridge.  Price range is more than £30.
Children are welcomed at Blue Spice located along the river. Meals start at £30. Other customers rate Blue Spice low.
English pub Green Man is found near Café Rouge in riverside.
Cotto is a cheap coffee shop serving fast food in the city centre. It is located near The Portland Arms and has an average customer rating.
Customers rate the Midsummer House French restaurant, near All Bar One, a 1 out of 5. It is moderately priced.
Bibimbap House is a fast food venue in the city centre near Clare Hall which has an average price range of less than £20.
The Eagle is a coffee shop,  located in the area of riverside, near The Burger King.
With a nice location, close to the city centre, the River and also the Yippee Noodle Bar, Alimentum is a great option for English breakfast. This pub is poorly-rated yet inexpensive.
The Golden Curry is a sushi food restaurant. We don't accept your family. We have an start of experience and we are placed close to Café Rouge.
The Mill is an eat type pub in Riverside area that has French food and a moderate price range.
The Mill is a Japanese pub located in the city centre with a price range that is more than £30.
The Waterman is a pub  by the riverside that serves Japanese food. The customer rating is very high.
Fitzbillies offers cheap French-style coffee in the city centre - but don't bring the family.
The Waterman is an Italian restaurant in the high price range that is not child friendly. They have an average rating and are located near riverside.
Kid friendly Chinese dining at The Golden Curry.  It only sports a 1 out of 5 star rating.
The Twenty Two is a family friendly Japanese restaurant.
In the city centre near Burger King there's a cheap fast food coffee shop named The Eagle.  It is family-friendly with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The fast food pub Zizzi is not family-friendly and has an average customer rating.
The coffee shop Fitzbillies has a high customer rating selling English food with a price range of more than 30 pounds and yes it is child friendly. It is located near the riverside.
The Loch Fyne restaurants serves up hearty Italian classics and plenty of family friendly kid-approved dishes.
The Golden Curry serves Chinese food, is kid friendly, and was given a three out of five rating.
Green Man is located in the city centre, near to All Bar One. It serves English food and is child-friendly but it has a high price range.
Although not family-friendly, The Golden Curry is a low priced English restaurant located near The Bakers.
There is a coffee shop on the river near Clare Hall called Clowns.
Bibimbap House serves Chinese food in riverside near the Clare Hall for high prices.
The Waterman which serves French food has a high customer rating. It has a price range of £20-25. is in the riverside area and is not kids friendly.
The Twenty Two is a non family friendly sushi restaurant in City centre.
The Punter near Café Sicilia is a coffee shop providing Japanese food with a price range less than £20. They are not family-friendly and rated low.
The Wrestlers is a Fast food coffee shop located near Raja Indian Cuisine in riverside. It is not kid friendly and has a moderate price range.
Browns Cambridge It is a coffee shop, rated 3 stars, It is for the whole family, It is near Crowne Plaza Hotel
Browns Cambridge provides Chinese food It is located in the riverside. It is near The Sorrento.
Blue Spice is a high priced family friendly restaurant located in City centre.
The Golden Curry provides Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is near The Bakers.
Cocum is a highly rated coffee shop featuring fast eats. The price ranges from about 30 pounds and it's atmosphere is not child friendly.
The Clowns French coffee shop in the riverside area, near Clare Hall, has a low customer rating.
Clowns is a pub with a one star rating and expensive pricing.
yes it loves to have children. serving Japanese food, called The Eagle, although has a low customer review, situated close to Burger King near the city centre is a coffee shop but quite expensive at more than £30,
There is an moderate family Italian restaurant Alimentum in the center of the city.
The Rice Boat is an Indian food restaurant in the city centre near Express by Holiday Inn. Although food is less than £20, it is both not family friendly and gets a low rating from its customers.
There is an English pub near Café Rouge called The Plough. They are not kid friendly and their price range is moderate.
Located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café, The Rice Boat has average customer ratings and higher than average prices.
In riverside, Alimentum serves fast food at a high price range, and are not kid friendly.
Fitzbillies is a fast food restaurant near The Six Bells with a price range of £20-25.
Near the Café Adriatic in the riverside area is the Travellers Rest Beefeater. The customer rating is 1 out of  and the price range is moderate.
The Wrestlers provides Chinese food for less than £20 , is low rated and is not family friendly.
The restaurant Strada has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 that is expensive and is not children friendly.  It is near Rainbow Vegetarian Café that serves French food.
The Eagle coffee shop is located near Burger King in the city centre and serves French food in the £20 - £25 price range but is not child friendly
The Plough is a family friendly pub  where meals are less than £20 , They serve French food. It is near Café Rouge.
Giraffe coffee shop is a family friendly eatery, near The Bakers with a low customer rating, and  a price range of below £20.
The Golden Curry is a not family-friendly near The Six Bells.
There is a moderately priced Chinese food restaurant near All Bar One, it is called Green Man. It is not a kid friendly environment. The restaurant is situated near All Bar One in the riverside area.
Located in the city centre near Avalon, is moderately priced Blue Spice. family-friendly with a 3 out of 5 customer rating.
The Twenty Two is a kid friendly fast food place.
Wildwood is a 3 stars pub with low-priced that provides delicious meat.
The Rice Boat serves Chinese food at a moderate price. It is not kids friendly that's why it has only a rating of 3 out of 5. It is located in the centre of the city near Express by Holiday Inn.
The Rice Boat is a highly rated Indian restaurant along the riverside, near Express by Holiday Inn. It costs more than £30 and is child friendly.
The Waterman is a pub serving Japanese food which has been given an average customer rating.  It is located in the city centre.
The Rice Boat is an English food restaurant located near the Express by Holiday Inn. It is family friendly.
The Rice Boat provides Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in the city centre. It is near Express by Holiday Inn. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
Riverside pub The Waterman provides English food in a child-friendly venue. Its prices are high, but its customer ratings are average.
There is an Indian food restaurant with average service called The Waterman in riverside. Pricing is high and children are not permitted.
The Rice Boat is a high priced restaurant located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
Strada provides Indian food in the high price range. It is near Rainbow Vegetarian Café. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Located in riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel is Taste of Cambridge. It is a family friendly coffee shop offering Italian food.
The Dumpling Tree, an Italian pub, is not family friendly and is located near The Portland Arms.
Green Man is a restaurant that serves Indian . It is kid friendly. It is near All Bar One, in the riverside area. Its price range is moderate.
The Phoenix is a 1 star restaurant near the river.
Blue Spice is a cheap Japanese restaurant located in the city centre.
Taste of Cambridge is located near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is a kids friendly, Fast food coffee shop in riverside.
Fitzbillies in the riverside area is recommended by 3 out of 5 customers to be the best coffee shop serving Indian food.
The Cricketers is a coffee shop near The Portland Arms. It is kids friendly but only has 1 out of 5 customer rating for the Italian food.
High price range, The Twenty Two in the riverside area near The Rice Boat with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 very children friendly
Bibimbap House is a moderate priced restaurant that serves French food. It is located near Clare Hall in riverside.
The Eagle Italian coffee shop near Burger King in the Riverside area is kid friendly and has a high customer rating.
Yes the Green Man in the riverside area near All Bar One is kids friendly, has a moderate price range and is kids friendly.
There is a Japanese coffee shop named Cocum. Its price range is high but its rating is low. Its not children friendly.
Strada is a pub that offers Chinese food, near Yippee Noodle Bar. Its customer rating 5 out of 5.
The Mill is a fast food coffee shop and has a cheap price range, located in riverside by 'The Sorrento'.
Giraffe is a kid friendly pub that provides fast food which is in the area of riverside.
Green Man is a great Italian restaurant that is also on the cheaper side. The bill will be less than £20 for the bill, and yes it is family-friendly. If you are interested, it is located near All Bar One in city centre.
With  a customer rating of average, Strada is family friendly and has a cheap price range.
The Plough is a family friendly pub near Café Rouge that serves Indian food for low prices.
If you want a Japanese style coffee shop in the city centre, try Aromi.
The Eagle can be found in the riverside area, has a 1 out of 5 customer rating and is moderately priced.
Next to Yippee Noodle Bar is a five star, low price fast food restaurant called Alimentum.
Aromi is a pasta and coffee shop fit for the whole family. It has a five star rating.
A kid friendly pub is The Cricketers which is near the Ranch. It is kid friendly and has a 1 out of 5 rating.
The Eagle is a coffee shop that serves moderately priced Italian food.  It is kid friendly, located on the riverside near Burger King.  It received a 1 out of 5 customer rating.
Alimentum is a Fast food place near the river where anyone can eat for cheap.
Giraffe is a child appropriate pub located by the water that serves English meals.
For more than £30 you can try Japanese pub food at The Cambridge Blue, near Café Brazil.
In riverside near The Rice Boat is a family friendly place called The Twenty Two is costs less than £20 and has a low customer rating.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop which serves Indian food at a price range of over £30. It has a high customer rating. It is located near the city center and is children friendly.
The Mill is a coffee shop with an expensive menu. It is near The Sorrento.
The Twenty Two sells Italian food and is not family friendly.
Clowns is a pub in the riverside area with a high price range and a 3 out of 5 customer rating.
The Golden Curry has a price Range of Less than £20 of Italian, but its not a family-friendly restaurant which is located near The Bakers
The Golden Palace has a price range of more than 30 and is a French coffee shop. It is located in the city center with a rating of 5 out of 5
Alimentum is a mid priced Japanese restaurant in the riverside area near Yippee Noodle Bar with a low customer rating.
There is a high rated fast food average priced restaurant The Rice Boat that is not child friendly. It is located in the city centre near Express by Holiday Inn.
The Olive Grove is a child friendly pub serving Italian food located on the riverside. Expensive
You can get cheap English food at The Rice Boat in riverside. It's near Express by Holiday Inn and is not family-friendly,  but had a 5 out of 5 rating.
There is a fast food style coffee shop called The Cricketers located near The Portland Arms.  While it isn't the family-friendly type of coffee shop it has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The children friendly, Browns Cambridge, near The Sorrento in Riverside, serves Italian food.
Located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café, The Rice Boat is moderately priced, but received 1 out of 5 stars.
Pub style English food is served at The Olive Grove.
Browns Cambridge is a restaurant that sells cheap Chinese food, and has an average customer rating.
Alimentum is a high-price restaurant in Riverside, serving English food in a kid-friendly environment.
There is a Japanese restaurant in Riverside with a moderate price range and a customer rating of 1 out of 5 named The Phoenix.
The Eagle is a restaurant that serves Indian food with average service
There is a inexpensive Indian coffee shop called The Wrestlers, near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre its not for all the family.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Japanese food in the moderate price range. It is located in the city centre. It is kids friendly  and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The latest low customer ratings come from a family-friendly Italian restaurant near the river called The Rice Boat.
The venue Blue Spice at the riverside, is not kids friendly and has a moderate price range. Customers rate it 1 out of 5.
The Vaults is a coffee shop near Café Brazil in the riverside area. It has a high customer rating and the price range is £20-25.
Browns Cambridge is a child friendly, French coffee shop. It is near Crowne Plaza Hotel and has a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
Fitzbillies has Fast food that is fairly cheap. It is located near The Six Bells.
Loch Fyne is a moderately priced and kid friendly English restaurant.
The Golden Curry serves Indian food; they have an average customer rating but are not family friendly.
The Olive Grove in riverside has kids Friendly area and moderate price range.
Browns Cambridge is a kid friendly French coffee shop. It is rated 3 out of 5 and is by the Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area.
There is a cheap fast food joint Green Man located by All Bar One at riverside that welcomes the family.
Cocum is a highly rated restaurant that is kid friendly.
Kid friendly,  The Wrestlers,  serves Chinese food for a moderate price and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Fitzbillies, located north of the city centre, is a family friendly coffee and sushi shop that is mid-priced and has 5 stars.
The Rice Boat is a French restaurant located in riverside near Express by Holiday Inn.  It has a rating of 3 out of 5.  Prices ranges from 20-25 and no kids allowed.
Blue Spice is a restaurant in the riverside area that sells cheaply priced Indian food.
Strada is an adult only restaurant serving moderately priced Indian food near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café. It has received a 3 out of 5 customer rating.
The Phoenix is an affordable hamburger restaurant outside of the city.  It has a three star rating.
The Green Man is located near the All Bar One. It is an inexpensive restaurant specializing in fast food options. This establishment is not open to children.
The Eagle is a coffee shop in the riverside area that sells French cuisine in the £20 or less range, it doesn't have good customer ratings.  You'll find it near the Burger King but it isn't family-friendly.
Near The Rice boat is Japanese restaurant called Loch Fyne.  Riverside area is beautifully place where we can find Loch Fyne just near The Rice Boat.  Rating by customers Loch Fyne is 5 out of 5.
For a kid friendly and affordable fastfood restaurant in the Riverside area, head to Alimentum.
The Rice Boat serves Indian cuisine but the price range is a bit steep. Though the customer rating is high and is kid friendly. It is in the city centre near Express by Holiday Inn.
The Wildwood Pub is a low-priced restaurant that serves Japanese food.
There's a restaurant by the riverside called The Mill. It's near The Rice Boat.
The Twenty Two is a French food . It's children friendly.
The Golden Curry serves Chinese food and is by Café Rouge. It has an average customer rating and is also not family friendly.
Alimentum is located on the riverside, providing a kid friendly English food with moderate prices.
The Wrestlers is a child friendly restaurant with a 5 out of 5 rating. They have French food and their prices are higher than 30.
The Punter is located near Café Sicilia is a French restaurant and coffee shop with a customer rating of 5 out of 5, a cheap price range and is family-friendly.
Giraffe is a coffee shop near The Bakers in the city centre. It has a high price range and is family friendly but has only received bad reviews.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly restaurant specializing in burgers, fries and sodas.  It is family friendly and is higher priced than average.
Cotto provides fast food with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 but is children friendly and found near Ranch.
The Eagle has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 for their Chinese food.
The Waterman isn't a family-friendly place with a price range less than £20 serving Italian Food at Riverside.  Low Customer Rating.
The Waterman is an Indian restaurant that serves high priced food, has an average customer rating. It is in riverside and is not child friendly.
Browns Cambridge has reasonable prices and high ratings.
The Dumpling Tree is a family friendly pub near The Portland Arms.  It serves Italian food.
Indian food this close to The Portland Arms in a kid friendly environment The Cricketers coffee shop has a 3 out of 5 rating
Check out The Mill, on the riverside, near The Sorrento, to enjoy some Italian cuisine in a coffee shop atmosphere, for only 20-25 dollars.
The Plough is a kids-friendly restaurant. It is located near The Bakers and is moderately priced.
In the city centre there is The Waterman.  Its customers have rated it 5 out of 5 stars.
A restaurant called Aromi is located near a riverside, it's kids friendly and the rating is 3 out of 5
There is a Chinese called The Golden Curry which is kid friendly and has an ok rating.
The Waterman, a non child friendly English restaurant in the riverside area, has a price range of 20-25 and a high customer rating.
The Mill is in the city centre near The Sorrento.  It is a coffee shop that serves fast food for under £20.
Wildwood is a pub that serves sushi.  They are high priced and are rated 3 out of 5.
With low ratings, The Wrestlers is a quiet, French restaurant offering meals less than twenty pounds.
Blue Spice is family friendly, the price range is less than £20 and the customers have rated it low, it is in Riverside.
The Waterman, located miles above the city centre, serves British breakfast and is rated three stars,
The Olive Grove is a high price range establishment located in the riverside area. Not a kid friendly place.
Bibimbap House if located near Clare Hall and is Italian. It has a cheap price range and is near riverside.
Loch Fyne is a family friendly restaurant with a cheap rice range and Fast food.
Browns Cambridge serves high quality sushi for a cheap meal
With an average customer rating, The Phoenix serves cheap fast-food in the city centre area.
Blue Spice is cheap and family friendly. Located in the riverside area, it has an average customer rating.
The Portland Arms is near the Cotto shop, offering a great breakfast. Has great ratings,
Italian riverside named Bibimbap House price range is high near Clare Hall
Bibimbap House provides Indian food in the moderate price range. It is located in the riverside. It is near Clare Hall.
Near Clare Hall in riverside is a coffee shop called Clowns that has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and serves French food.
Zizzi is an Indian pub. The customer rating is 3 out of 5. It is kid friendly.
Child-friendly Indian, The Rice Boat, has average ratings and can be found by the river.
The Vaults is a three star, inexpensive pub near Café Adriatic.
Aromi is a family friendly pub in the Riverside area. Customers rate it as average.
The Waterman is a cheap Fast food restaurant in the city centre. They have an average customer rating but aren't family-friendly.
Fitzbillies its a family restaurant with high prices, located near Express by Holiday Inn.
Loch Fyne is a Japanese restaurant located near The Rice Boat in riverside. It has received a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
For an adult oriented Italian coffee shop, The Eagle has a low customer rating, but the price range is less than £20, and is conveniently located in the city centre, near Burger King.
The Dumpling Tree is a restaurant providing Chinese food in the more than £30 price range.
The Wildwood is a mid ranged pub with average customer reviews.
A restaurant with an average rating is the Strada.
If you are looking to take your children to an average-priced Indian restaurant then The Golden Curry is a great option.
Browns Cambridge a coffee shop offering Japanese food, with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and a kid friendly environment is located near Crowne Plaza Hotel on the Riverside area of  the city.
Zizzi is a children-friendly French pub that has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Dumpling Tree is an English restaurant with moderate prices.
The Golden Curry, located next to The Bakers, is a moderately priced family friendly fast food restaurant.
Alimentum serves Fast food is family Friendly and has a cheap price Range. Located in the riverside area
Alimentum is a family friendly restaurant that sells high priced Italian food and drink next to the river.
Midsummer House is a French house. You can find it near All Bar One. The Price range of food there is high. Many people rated it 4 out of 5.
Taste of Cambridge is a restaurant with a high price range and an average customer rating.
Strada is a five star, family friendly, Italian restaurant.  The prices tend to be higher.  It is very close to the Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
A moderately priced pub, named The Vaults, is located near Café Adriatic. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
There is a family friendly pub called The Olive Grove in the riverside area that offers French food. It generally costs less than £20.
I heard of this place called Zizzi, it is a family friendly coffee shop, It has a rating of three stars although it is quite expensive.
The Cambridge Blue pub a low-priced pub inside of Café Brazil.
Japanese food from Browns Cambridge Costs £20-25. I give it a rating of 3 out of 5.
Midsummer House is a low placed restaurant located near All Bar One.
The Phoenix in the city center with a low customer rating provides French food.
The Cricketers is a Fast food coffee shop rated by 5 out of 5 customers as family friendly. It is near The Portland Arms.
The Rice Boat is a moderately priced Japanese restaurant. It is a family-friendly establishment located at the city centre. More precisely, it is located near the Express by Holiday Inn.
Fitzbillies is an English food serving place with a price range of less than £20. It is located near The Six Bells.
There is a low rated Italian restaurant called Browns Cambridge with prices less than 20 pounds.
The Midsummer House provides it's customers with Chinese dishes and has been given a 1 out of 5 customer rating,  located near Café Rouge.
Blue Spice is a high price Chinese restaurant located in the centre of the city.
Fitzbillies is a family-friendly higher price point coffee shop located in City centre.
The Phoenix, in the city centre area, serves cheap fast-food.  It receives an average customer rating.
Fancy Japanese food with riverside views then head down to the high rated restaurant The Waterman for a kids-friendly meal for £20-£25.
The Rice Boat serves Indian food for less than £20. It is located in the city centre near the Express by Holiday Inn but has a low customer rating.
Alimentum is a low cost restaurant with medium ratings by the Yippee Noodle Bar
The Eagle is a poorly rated coffee shop near Burger King. It is moderately expensive, family-friendly, and serves sushi.
There is a cheap coffee shop near of The Portland Arms. Its name is Cotto.
Aromi is a riverside restaurant with an Indian menu.
Giraffe is a coffee shop in the higher price range with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 located near The Bakers,and it is also child friendly.
There is a moderately priced restaurant that serves fast food in the city centre called Browns Cambridge.
For a family-Friendly pub with price less than £20,  come to the riverside area and check out The Olive Grove
The Olive Grove is a high price range French pub in riverside that is child friendly.
Not family-friendly, The Eagle is located riverside near Burger King, and has an average customer rating. Fast food with a low price range.
Located near The Portland Arms, The Cricketers Japanese coffee shop is rated 3 out of 5 by customers.  Child friendly - yes.
Customers give 5 out of 5 stars to The Twenty Two pub near Café Sicilia in Riverside.
The Rice Boat sells Chinese food in the city centre near Express by Holiday Inn. Their price range is £20-25, and they're kid friendly with a high customer rating.
The Golden Curry serves moderately priced Italian food near The Bakers and it is not kids-friendly.
For Italian food costing more than £30 come to the child friendly The Vaults
A place with a low customer rating in the city centre is The Rice Boat. They serve Indian food and is family friendly.
Kid friendly French restaurant named Loch Fyne.
The Golden Curry is a one star restaurant that is not a good family environment.
there is a cheap restaurant The Dumpling Tree, they serve English food.
In the riverside area near Express by Holiday Inn, there is a moderately priced Indian restaurant called The Rice Boat. They're not kid-friendly and have a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
If you are looking for a moderate price range pub The Vaults may be for you. It can be found near to the Café Adriatic and has a customer Rating of 1 out of 5.
The Olive Grove is in the city centre, it serves Italian food for less than £20. It is a family-friendly pub.
Offering a price range of more than £30 and found in the city centre area is a restaurant called Alimentum.  it is not kid friendly and serves Japanese cuisine.
The Ranch has a family friend, French food place nearby called The Cotto, but it has low ratings.
There's a family friendly restaurant called Strada that serves fast food. It's rated 5 out of 5 by customers, has a cheap price range, and it's located near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
Fitzbillies is a kid-friendly coffee shop, moderately price serving Italian fare by the riverside with a 3 out of 5 rating.
The Cambridge Blue near Café Brazil is a pub that serves Italian food and is priced moderately.
If you're looking for low-rated Fast food for less than £20, come to the Wildwood, near The Ranch.
With a 5 out of 5 rating, The Golden Palace in riverside is a cheap French coffee shop.
The Eagle is a good place to come and eat the best food looking the riverside more than £30 but a good choice
The Golden Curry serves Indian food in the riverside area.  It is child friendly and located near Café Rouge.  It has a customer rating of 1 our of 5.
With a customer rating of 3 out of 5, why not try Aromis in Riverside.  The whole family can enjoy the great pub menu as children are more than welcome.
There is The Mill a high price Japanese pub in riverside.
On the riverside there is a cheap family friendly coffee shop called Zizzi
In the city centre  there is a food venue serving Italian food called The Waterman. It is more than £30 on average but has a high customer rating. It is not child friendly.
A high-priced 5 star family friendly restaurant located to the north of the city centre is The Waterman.
The children friendly Aromi coffee shop in the riverside area offers Fast food which has been given a rating of high by previous customers.
There is a good quality coffee shop The Punter that offers affordable food for the family. It is located near Café Sicilia.
Near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café is Strada Sushi.  It's moderately priced and family friendly.
The Italian pub, the Giraffe, is kid friendly.  It's located in riverside.
The Twenty Two is an English food restaurant, which is child-friendly.
Browns Cambridge a low coast restaurant, you find foot at less than £20
The Midsummer House serves Italian food near All Bar One. It has high prices and an average customer rating.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop that provides pasta in the low price range. It is near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Rice Boat in the city center offers Italian food. It is family-friendly however rated low by the customers.
The Waterman is a Chinese food restaurant with a cheap price range, average customer ratings, not family friendly, and is located near the city centre.
Kid friendly coffee shop named Browns Cambridge is rated 3 of 5. Browns Cambridge serves Indian food and is located near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the Riverside area.
Blue Spice is a French restaurant in the city centre. Their food costs over £30.
Situated in the city centre is The Waterman which serves Italian food. Customer ratings are average for this cheap family-friendly establishment.
Blue Spice is a coffee shop that is family friendly with a price range of less than £20, and is located near Avalon in the riverside area and has a low customer rating.
The Cricketers is a coffee shop which serves Japanese food, it is located near The Portland Arms. It is children friendly and has a customer rating of low
Loch Fyne is restaurant providing French food in the family friendly environment less than £20.
The Eagle is a coffee shop located near Burger King that serves fast food. It  has a 5 out of 5 customer rating and is located in city centre.
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly Fast food near The Sorrento.
Cotto is a Japanese coffee shop in the city centre near The Portland Arms. It is rated 3 out of 5 and prices range £20-25.
You can eat Italian Pub Food by the riverside at The Waterman.
Aromi is French restaurant with no coffee shop in the city centre with 5 out of 5 rank
The Wrestlers sells French food, has a 1 out of 5 customer rating and moderate price ranges. It is not kids friendly.
Cocum is a child friendly coffee shop that offers Fast food as well. However, their rating is somewhat low and their prices are somewhat high.
The Travellers Rest Beefeater is an average rated restaurant located in the riverside area near Café Adriatic.  Their price range is less than £20.
This eatery is not kid friendly and is called The Waterman.  Here, you can have English cuisine in a restaurant located in the Riverside area, offering menu items in the moderate price range,  and a customer rating of only 1 out of 5.
The Phoenix has a five star rating with a five star view of the river.
Midsummer House serves Japanese food near Café Rouge with a low customer rating.
In the riverside area is a family-Friendly coffee shop Zizzi which has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 and is cheap
The Mill is a pub that provides Chinese food in the £20-25 price range. It is located in the riverside.
The Eagle, a family-friendly Italian coffee shop in the city centre near Burger King, is high priced and but has a lower customer service rating of 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies, located near The Six Bells, is a Japanese restaurant with a price range of £20-25.
Looking for a family friendly pub style restaurant near the riverside, check out The Olive Grove.
The coffee shop, The Cricketers located near The Portland Arms serves Italian food and is kid friendly.
The Eagle is located near Burger King, in City Centre, It's a family-friendly coffee shop with an average rating that serves fast food.
Located in riverside, near Clare Hall. Clowns is a coffee shop offering Fast food
Midsummer House serves Italian food, it is located near Café Rouge and 3 out of 5 customers recommend it.
Green Man is an English restaurant moderately priced near All Bar One in Riverside. They are no kid friendly.
The Dumpling Tree is a pub with fast food options. It is located near The Portland Arms. It is not family friendly.
There is a family friendly coffee shop with high customer ratings Browns Cambridge and they serve French food. It is in riverside near the Crowne Plaza Hotel.
The Punter is a kids friendly place in the city centre near The Portland Arms. It has a moderate price range.
Blue Spice in the area of riverside offers a low price range of less that £20.
The Dumpling Tree is a cheap and family friendly coffee shop at riverside near Café Sicilia
For moderate priced Indian in the city centre, The Waterman is an adult only restaurant rated 3 out of 5.
Cocum is a low priced family coffee shop with average customer rating.
The Golden Curry is a one-star, fast food restaurant that is located near Café Rouge by the river. It does not allow families.
The Waterman is a non children friendly English food restaurant found in the city center in the price range of more than 30 and a high customer rating.
Although Green Man has higher prices, it is nearby in riverside and is child friendly.
The Wrestlers is a child-friendly fast food restaurant in the high price range. It has an average customer rating.
There is a French food coffee shop Fitzbillies located in the city centre. It is not kids friendly and has a average customer rating.
The Rice Boat is a Chinese restaurant in the river side,  near Express by Holiday Inn. Price range is moderate and rating 1 out of 5, kids Friendly.
The Rice Boat is an Indian restaurant in the high price bracket.  It's in the city centre near the Express by Holiday Inn and has an average customer rating.  It's not suitable for children.
The Punter is a Fast food place that has a moderate price range.
This restaurant, Travellers Rest Beefeater is moderately priced, conveniently located near the riverside and has been rated 1 out of 5 stars. Also located in the area is Café Adriatic.
Near Café Adriatic is a pub named The Vaults. The Vault's price range is more than £30 and it has a high customer rating.
Located near The Six Bells, The Golden Curry is a child friendly venue.
The Bibimbap House is in the 30 pound price range. It's an Italian restaurant in the riverside area near Clare Hall.
The Waterman is a highly rated, Indian pub in the riverside area.
Fitzbillies coffee shop is high cost and family friendly. It is located outside City centre.
There is a Chinese restaurant named Midsummer House That has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is located near Café Rouge
The Waterman is a high priced, French restaurant that is not family-friendly.  It has an average customer rating and is located in the city center.
Cocum is a coffee shop. Its specialty is the Italian food. It is very prestigious and can go with the whole family.
The Golden Curry offers fast food. It has a high customer ratings. It is family-friendly. It is located near Café Rouge
Browns Cambridge offers great food and service at a high price point
The Cotto coffee shop is located near The Portland Arms and is mid-priced and has 5 stars.
The Vaults is a family friendly, low-priced restaurant.
There is a restaurant in the city center called The Phoenix which serves moderately priced Italian food and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Punter is a child friendly French coffee shop with a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is located near the Café Sicilia.
Alimentum is a kid friendly Italian restaurant in Riverside with a price range of £20-25.
Wildwood  is inexpensive pub and offers Chinese food
Blue Spice is a coffee shop near Avalon in the riverside area. It has an average customer rating, is family friendly, and has a price range of less than £20.
The Rice Boat offers French food at a higher price range, located in city centre near Express by Holiday Inn
Fitzbillies is a beautiful coffee that offers breakfast and a wide range of foods of choice is located in riverside France also have a park for children
The Twenty Two is not family-friendly and serves English food.
For a moderate priced Italian food there is Fitzbillies located near The Six Bells.
A place in the riverside area named Alimentum is not kids friendly but its Italian food has a moderate price range.
By the riverside and next to The Portland Arms, The Punter is a high price range restaurant and children friendly.
The Strada is an expensive, 3 star restaurant located near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
The Vaults is a low priced, family friendly restaurant which serves fast food.
The Twenty Two  pub has a rating of 1 out of 5 and is near Café Sicilia in the riverside area.
Wildwood is an Italian Pub with a 3 out of 5 rating in a moderate price range.
A coffee shop in the riverside area is Fitzbillies. It is kid friendly and a high rating.
Strada is a highly rated Indian restaurant located near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café. It is family friendly and is more than 30 euro's.
The Alimentum is a poorly rated fast food restaurant near the Yippee Noodle Bar in the centre of the city. Meals cost less than 20 pounds.
Taste of Cambridge is a coffee shop and fast food place that is not family-friendly near the Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre.
Rated 5 out of 5, Wildwood pub offers cheap Japanese food.
Aromi is a restaurant serving Sushi and is near the river.
Giraffe can be found in riverside, and is a children friendly pub offering Italian food.
The Rice Boat is a fast food establishment on the banks of the river, which is not suitable for families with small children.
The Punter is a moderate priced coffee shop near Café Sicilia that serves Indian food, it is not child friendly and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Waterman serves Indian food in the high price range and is located in the city centre.  Customers rate it as average and report that prices are high and it is not a child-friendly environment.
Go to The Punter for cheap English food.
Fitzbillies is near The Six Bells and is a high price ranged fast food restaurant
The Olive Grove fast food pub, located in Riverside,  is inexpensive and family friendly.
Fitzbillies is a family friendly, coffee and Indian food restaurant in Riverside. It has a rating of 3 out of 5.
Bibimbap House is a moderately priced Italian located at the riverside near Clare Hall.
In the city center is The Golden Palace.  It is a coffee shop with Italian food.  It has a moderate price range and an average customer rating.
There is a Italian restaurant Browns Cambridge located in riverside near The Sorrento.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Italian food in the cheap price range.
The Rice Boat is a low-rated, highly priced place to eat near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
The Plough pub serves French food, has a moderate price range, is not kid friendly and is near Café Rouge.
For a family friends pub serving Italian food near Café Rouge, try The Plough for £20.
Highly rated Fitzbillies offer £20-£25 Japanese food by riverside. Also coffee shop and kids not welcome
Go to The Golden Curry near Café Rouge in the riverside.  It's a family friendly Chinese restaurant.
Ranked high by the customers, Italian coffee shop The Punter is a kid-friendly  zone located near Café Sicilia  with prices ranging from £20-25
The Golden Curry is a 3 star English restaurant in Riverside near Café Rouge. It is kids friendly.
Alimentum is a riverside Indian restaurant. It is not children friendly and is expensive.
The Phoenix is rated 5 stars and offers sushi.
The Plough, a pub style eatery near Café Rouge,    serves Italian food in a kid friendly environment for moderate price ranges.
The Rice Boat provides Chinese food It is located in the city centre.
Browns Cambridge is an Italian restaurant that is children friendly near The Sorrento riverside.
The Rice Boat in riverside has a high customer rating for it's child friendly environment and delicious traditional English food.
Strada is near Rainbow Vegetarian Café. We offer English food at a moderate price range. We have a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and are not kid friendly.
The Wildwood is a coffee shop with fast food. It is cheap and near the Ranch with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Green Man, serving Indian food, is in the low price range, is family-friendly, and is located in the city centre near All Bar One.
Located on the riverside, Blue Spice has a price range of £20-25 and serves fast food.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine in medium price range, it is family friendly.
For a moderately priced fast food pub situated on the riverside that is kids-friendly then visit The Olive Grove
Fitzbillies is a moderately priced Fast food coffee shop that is kid friendly and received a 3 out of 5 customer rating.
Near Café Rouge is The Plough pub. It is high priced French food, and yes kid friendly.
The Golden Curry is not family-friendly but is located near The Six Bells.
At the riverside is The Waterman that serves fast food. It is kids friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Cocum is a moderately priced, child-friendly coffee shop that serves fast food. It received a customer rating of 1 out of 5
The Wildwood is a pub serving English food in a moderate price range with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
For date night go to The Rice Boat, cheap,average rated Chinese not family friendly food near Express by Holiday Inn
With a price range of £30 upwards, the Taste of Cambridge is a restaurant with a high customer rating.
The Golden Curry is a highly priced Japanese restaurant near The Bakers. It is not children friendly.
Midsummer House if a restaurant for hamburgers, it's a cheap place with only one start. We are near All Bar One.
Browns Cambridge is a kids friendly fast food coffee shop with a customer rating 1 out of 5.  Located near the Crown Plaza Hotel in the riverside area.
For more than £30 The Golden Palace near Rainbow Vegetarian Café, at a riverside area
A highly rated Italian eatery is Loch Fyne. It is located in riverside near The Rice Boat.
There's a low rating family-friendly pub in the city centre called Aromi.
The Plough is a low priced pub that is family friendly located beside Café Rouge in the middle of the city.
Aromi is a pub  with a low customer rating located in riverside, but it is child friendly.
There is a pub called The Waterman serving Fast food in the riverside area with an average customer rating.
For French food in the riverside area, Clowns is a low-rated coffee shop near Clare Hall.
Go to City Centre, for cheap food at Travellers Rest Beefeater, near Café Adriatic, rated 5 out of 5.
Loch Fyne serves Italian food in the riverside, near The Rice Boat. Customer Rating is low
The Vaults is a high price range, child friendly French food restaurant.
Midsummer House, which serves expensive French food, received a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and is located near All Bar One.
The Punter coffee shop offers Japanese food and has a price range of less than £20. It is located near Café Sicilia and has a low customer rating. It is not family-friendly.
There is a sushi place next to The Bakers called The Wrestlers. It is family friendly, but doesn't have very good reviews.
The Phoenix, is restaurant riverside 3 out of 5
With a price of £30 plus serving fast food. Bibimbap House is near Clare Hall by the riverside.
A family friendly venue named The Waterman has a price range of less than £20 per person.
Clowns is a pub highly rated by customers in the riverside area.  Prices range from about 20 to 25 pounds.
The Wrestlers is not child friendly, serves Italian food and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5. They have a moderate price range.
Located in City Centre is The Golden Palace, an average priced Indian coffee shop. It does have a low customer rating.
Alimentum serves cheap British food that has an average rating of 5 stars.  Located in the City centre near Yippee Noodle Bar.
The Eagle receives a 1 out of 5 for his Japanese food.
High priced French restaurant called The Phoenix in the city centre received a 3 out of 5 customer rating.
The Rice Boat is a Fast food restaurant. It has a high price range. It is in the city center near Express by Holiday Inn. It has a 1 out of 5 rating. It is children friendly.
Near The Portland Arms is the Japanese coffee shop, The Cricketers. It has a low customer rating and is not family-friendly.
The Indian coffee shop Wildwood is near Ranch and has a low customer rating, it serves food for less than £20.
The Wrestlers offers moderately priced Italian food. With a customer rating of 1 out of 5, there are kid friendly.
The Wrestlers is family friendly with Indian food and a high customer rating, price range is L30.
The Punter has Fast food for less than £20.
Wildwood is a cheap coffee shop serving Indian food near Ranch with an average customer rating.
There is a French coffee shop named Aromi in the riverside area. It is children friendly and has a low customer rating.
The Mill is a Chinese pub in the riverside area ranging more than  £30.
Cocum is a low rated family friendly Japanese coffee shop with a price range of less than £20.
The Eagle is a cheap, non family-friendly, coffee shop located in the city centre near Burger King. They serve Italian and have an average customer rating.
Cotto is a cheap Italian coffee shop near The Portland Arms in the city centre with an average customer rating.
The Dumpling Tree pub serves French food.  This family friendly venue can be found near The Portland Arms.
The Cambridge Blue is a sushi pub that is near the city centre.  It is near Café Brazil.
Midsummer House is a Japanese restaurant with a price range of £20-25.  It has a customer rating of three stars and   is located near All Bar One.
Located riverside, Chinese food venue, Alimentum is near Yippee Noodle Bar. The restaurant has a moderate price range and customers have rated the restaurant 3 out of 5.
With a 1 out of 5 customer rating, The Golden Curry is a venue that is kid-friendly and provides Fast food.
The Punter serves fast food for less than £20.
Near The Portland Arms is a French coffee shop called The Cricketers. They have a low customer rating and are not family-friendly.
Along the riverside near The Portland Arms is an Italian coffee shop named Cotto. It has a high price range and an average customer rating.
For those seeking a kid friendly Japanese restaurant near the riverside, check out The Rice Boat.
Located near St. John's College is The Phoenix, an inexpensive restaurant featuring Asian cuisine.  The Phoenix is located on the river and offers sushi and more.
The Dumpling Tree is great bar fast food, family atmosphere, warm clentele located near The Portland Arms
The Rice Boat is an Italian restaurant  near the Express by Holiday Inn. It has average prices, a high customer rating and is unsuitable for children.
Blue Spice is a cheap and family friendly coffee shop in the riverside area near Avalon, with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
If you and your children are hungry for French food and your near The Bakers try a meal special starting at 30 at The Golden Curry
By the riverside near Crown Plaza Hotel there is a family friendly coffee shop that has fast food called Taste of Cambridge.
Japanese cuisine is offered at The Rice Boat located in the city centre.
The Cricketers is an Italian coffee shop with a 5 out of 5 rating. They are located near The Portland Arms.
The Twenty Two, near The Rice Boat, is a low cost, average restaurant in riverside.  It is not family-friendly.
Located near The Sorrento, The Browns Cambridge is a child friendly eatery serving Italian good.
A kids friendly French food outlet called The Wrestlers has a customer rating of 3 out of five is priced at £20-25
Clowns is a riverside pub with average rating with cheap prices.
Midsummer House serves Japanese food. Situated near Café Rouge, has an average customer rating.
Near the Ranch there is a place with Chinese food rated average run by a man named Cotto
Alimentum serves Indian food at a moderate price range. It is in the city center and is not kid-friendly.
You can expect to pay more than £30 to eat at Zizzi, a restaurant in the city centre.
Eat at The Cambridge Blue, a French restaurant with an average rating.
Cocum is a family friendly restaurant with a 1 out of 5 rating.
In the riverside area, Fitzbillies is a coffee shop with a low rating, but it is family friendly and prices range £20 and under.
The Wrestlers is a high-priced restaurant that serves Chinese food.
The Rice Boat is a cheap, family-friendly, fast-food restaurant in riverside, near Express by Holiday Inn. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
A very cool restaurant called Alimentum its  located near Yippee Noodle Bar
Down the riverside you can find the French Aromi coffee shop. It is a family friendly shop with a great customer rating.
excellent bar and restaurant that offering every Wildwood.
Browns Cambridge is a kid friendly coffee shop located in riverside area, near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It serves Italian food and has a low customer rating.
Fitzbillies is a cheap but highly rated family friendly venue near Express by Holiday Inn.
A pub named The Dumpling Tree near The Portland Arms serves English food. It is kid friendly.
There is a child friendly restaurant called Cocum. It has a rating of 5 out of 5.
Zizzi is a kid-friendly coffee shop in city centre  with high customer ratings and a price range of £20-25
The Twenty Two is a family friendly restaurant located near The Rice Boat on the riverside. It has a low customer rating and a low price range.
In the City Centre is a French restaurant called Aromi.
Those looking for an Italian-style coffee shop that has a 5 out of 5 customer rating near The Portland Arms should try The Cricketers.  It is not family-friendly.
The Dumpling Tree is an Italian pub located near The Portland Arms. It is not family-friendly.
Aromi is a child-friendly pub in the riverside area with an average customer rating.
A restaurant called Loch Fyne serves good French food and is found in the riverside area by The Rice Boat
The kid friendly restaurant Cotto, has average ratings and serves English food. They are located near Ranch.
The Loch Fyne restaurant is a family friendly eatery that offers an assortment of wines and cheeses at low cost.
Japanese food with price range less than £20 in family friendly The Golden Curry, near The Bakers.
The Golden Curry is an authentic British restaurant
Clowns is a high priced pub ranked 1 out of 5. It is located Riverside.
Fitzbillies  is a children friendly restaurant located near Express by Holiday Inn  with a high rating offering meal for 20 to 25 Euro.
Wildwood is a coffee shop near Ranch that is moderately expensive but well liked.
The Plough is a kids friendly Indian pub near Café Rouge. It is within the moderate price range.
Zizzi in riverside is a coffee shop that has a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is in riverside and has a price range of £20-25.
Located near The Bakers, The Golden Curry is a Japanese restaurant that is not kid friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop offering Indian food. Browns has an average customer rating and is located in the city centre. It's not family friendly and is located near the Crowne Plaza Hotel.
The Punter coffee shop around he corner from Café Sicilia offers mid-price family friendly meals.
Located in the city centre, The Punter offers great cheap breakfasts with fresh British sausages and offering budget breakfasts to suit an individual's need.
The Cambridge Blue is an Indian restaurant that has an average customer rating
Located in the city center, Fitzbillies offers average Japanese food less than £20.
The Phoenix,  serving Chinese dishes which are in the moderate price range was given a 1 out of 5 customer rating and located in the Riverside area.
The Phoenix is an inexpensive place for wine and appetizers next to the river.
The Mill is a pub that offers cheap Japanese eats in the riverside area.
Family restaurant The Waterman is moderately priced with good reviews and views of the river
The Rice Boat is located by the riverside near the Express by Holiday Inn.  Their price range is moderate but has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and they are child friendly.
In the riverside area you can find low priced Italian food at the Alimentum. It is near the Yippee Noodle Bar and has an average customer rating.
Bibimbap House is an Italian restaurant in the city centre near Clare Hall with prices less than £20.
On the Riverside near Café Adriatic is a 5 star expensive place called Travellers Rest Beefeater.
For French food in the centre of the city, you'll pay more than £30 at The Phoenix, which has low customer ratings.
Zizzi coffee Shop, There is an excellent Café restaurant in City Centre
The Blue Spice restaurant in Riverside, is moderate price range, kids friendly coffee shop near Avalon.
Wildwood is a moderately priced, highly rated pub.
Browns Cambridge is located in the city centre near The Sorrento offering Indian food and a child friendly atmosphere.
The Waterman provides French food it has a customer rating of 3 out of 5, they are not child friendly and the price range is quite high they are located in the city centre.
The Portland Arms has an English pub nearby called The Dumpling Tree, which is kids friendly.
Located near Café Rouge, the pub The Plough, serves Italian food at moderate prices in an adult environment.
Blue Spice located in the riverside area, is a child friendly, high price range establishment, with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Cambridge Blue is a pub that offers Indian food. The price range is low and is located near Café Brazil.
For low to moderately priced Chinese food, The Rice Boat is a low rated, non family friendly restaurant located near the Express by Holiday Inn in the city centre area.
Browns Cambridge is family friendly and serves French food. It is near The Sorrento in the riverside area.
The Cricketers is a pub near the Ranch.  It has an amazing rating of 1 out of 5. yes, it is Children friendly.
family-friendly pub called the Taste of Cambridge which is located in the city centre near The Sorrento
Cocum is a kid friendly 3 out of 5 rated coffee shop offering Indian food at a moderate price.
The Olive Grove pub has Oriental dining for families, located near the river.
The coffee shop Cotto in riverside near The Portland Arms  serves  English food with a high customer rating and has a price Range more than £30,
Near Rainbow Vegetarian Café, Strada have Chinese food with moderate prices. It is not kids friendly.
Rated 3 out of 5 by customers, The Waterman is an Italian restaurant in the city centre that is moderately priced and family-friendly.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop serving Japanese food costing more than £30 in the city centre. It is not children friendly and has a rating of 5 out of 5.
The Eagle, located near Burger King, is a fast food restaurant in the £20-25 price range - it is a kid friendly coffee shop with a high customer rating in the Riverside region of the city.
The Rice Boat is a fast food establishment.  Not family-friendly but is highly rated.  Found in the city center.
restaurant The Golden Palace has an average customer rating.  It is located on the riverside.
Family friendly pub Taste of Cambridge is located in the riverside area near The Sorrento.
There is a averaged priced restaurant called Bibimbap House located near Clare Hall.
The Punter serves Italian food is low priced.
The Eagle is a city centre coffee shop near Burger King. It doesn't have that much going for it with a score of 1 out of 5 from customers, a high price range, and no, it's not friendly to children.
The Twenty Two is a family-friendly venue. It serves English food and is located in the city centre
The Eagle is a  family friendly coffee shop serving Indian food with a cheap price range with a customer rating of 5 out 5 starts. It is located on the riverside near Burger King.
Fitzbillies is a three star, low cost coffee shop located outside of the City centre.
moderately priced, Alimentum, near Yippee Noodle Bar, riverside, serves Japanese food and has a low customer rating.
Aromi  is a coffee shop in the riverside area that also serves Italian food. Yes it is a kid friendly place. Not only that but it has a high customer rating.
Children friendly The Golden Curry with a high price range serves Fast food near The Bakers.
5 out of 5 rating and cheap prices at Browns Cambridge
Cotto is a coffee shop that specializes in Italian food in the City centre area near The Portland Arms.  This average-priced menu received a 1 out of 5 star rating from customers.
The Eagle is a riverside coffee shop, situated near Burger King. It has a price range of less than £20 and serves Japanese food. Yes, it is also family friendly. The customer rating is average.
In the area of riverside there's a restaurant called The Golden Palace; it has a 1 out of 5 customer rating.
There is a restaurant called Loch Fyne that provides Chinese food. It has a customer rating of  1 out of 5 stars and is located near The Rice Boat, by the Riverside
Near Café Sicilia, city centre pub The Twenty Two has a poor customer rating.
a coffee shop called Aromi serves Indian food has a rating of 5 out of 5 in city centre and its family friendly
There is a family friendly pub called Zizzi selling Indian food. It has a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
The Waterman is a pub located right off of the river.  Here they serve alcohol as well as other foods.  This is a one star restaurant.
Alimentum is a family-friendly Chinese food restaurant in the Riverside area where you can eat for low prices.
The Wrestlers is a Japanese restaurant with a price range of 20-25 and a customer rating of 3 out of 5.  It is not child-friendly.
Cocum is a highly priced French coffee shop. It has a rating of 5 out of 5 and is not child friendly.
The Twenty Two is moderately expensive for poor standard. It is on the riverside by The Rice Boat and is not family friendly.
The Eagle is a Japanese food restaurant with a low customer rating. It is near Burger King and its price range is more than £30. It is a coffee shop in riverside.
Strada is a pub neat Yippee Noodle Bar, they have medium ratings.
The Punter is a coffee shop serving low priced fast food near Café Sicilia. It is family friendly and has a rating of 5 out of 5.
Cotto coffee shop near The Portland Arms good quality at a low price
The Waterman is a fast food restaurant. It is located right near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
The Plough is a cheap, family friendly, Italian pub near Café Rouge.
There is a high rated Chinese restaurant near All Bar One with food in the £20-25 price range named Midsummer House.
The Olive Grove is a cheap family friendly English pub in the riverside area.
Green Man is a family-friendly place that serves Japanese food in the city near All Bar One and has a price range of less than £20.
Rated 3 out of 5, The Wrestlers is a moderately priced Fast food restaurant that is not kids friendly.
For less than 20 euros, Loch Fyne Italian restaurant is family friendly and delicious.
The Eagle has an average customer Rating and serves English food.
The Cotto is an Italian coffee shop rated 3 out of 5. It's located on the riverside, near The Portland Arms. The price range there is moderate.
There is a low rated child friendly English place with high prices near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.  It is called Strada.
The coffee shop, Aromi, is a family friendly coffee shop found in the riverside area. This family friendly shop provides Indian cuisine of a low customer rating.
The Waterman is a kids friendly Italian restaurant situated by the riverside with a high customer rating. Their price range is 20-25L.
Browns Cambridge is a sushi food restaurant. We have three starts of experience, and we're a mid-cost restaurant. Join Us.
Yes , the friends and family ate at a average cost at the city centre, it was called The Golden Curry near Café Rouge and it was full English.
The Dumpling Tree is located near The Portland Arms; It is a children friendly pub that serves Italian food.
Blue Spice is a kid friendly coffee shop in the riverside area near Avalon selling moderately priced food with a rating of one out of five.
Loch Fyne is a 3 star Indian restaurant by the river, near The Rice Boat.
Alimentum is located along the riverside and serves mid-priced wine and hors d'oeuvres in a non-family friendly environment.
The Wrestlers is a fast food,  coffee shop located near Raja Indian Cuisine in Riverside. The coffee shop is children friendly and is in the higher price range.
Fitzbillies,  is children friendly. It is in the price range of more than L30 and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is located near Express by Holiday Inn.
The fast-food restaurant Fitzbillies located near The Six Bells with a low price-range of 20 Euros.
Near the Raja Indian Cuisine is children-friendly in the riverside area. It is a coffee shop with Japanese food with a high price range named The Wrestlers.
Giraffe restaurant, near The Six Bells and  has cheap price range
The Cambridge Blue is near Café Brazil offering moderately priced pub style Italian food.
The high-priced coffee shop in riverside, The Vaults, has a 3 out of 5 rating and is near Café Brazil
Near The Sorrento, Browns Cambridge is child friendly and serves Japanese food in a riverside area.
Child friendly pub Zizzi has a high customer rating.
There is an expensive French food restaurant in the city centre, near the Express by Holiday Inn. Its name is The Rice Boat. It is not children friendly and its rating range is low.
Blue Spice is a coffee shop in the riverside area near Avalon.  They have a high priced selection with a customer rating for 3 out of 5 stars. They are not a kid friendly establishment.
The Phoenix offers cheap English food located in riverside.
With a 3 out of 5 star rating this coffee shop is kid friendly and moderately priced. The Giraffe coffee shop is located near The Bakers.
With high-costs, The Wrestlers is a family-friendly, five-star restaurant.
Giraffe is a cheap restaurant near The Six Bells.
The Vaults is a coffee shop in Riverside near Café Brazil. The customer rating is low and the price range is more than  £30.
The Vaults is a coffee shop located near Café Brazil in the riverside area. It has a customer rating of low and a price range of less than £20.
Zizzi is a coffee shop located in City centre and is moderately priced with 1 out of 5 stars and is not kid friendly
Browns Cambridge is a French restaurant and coffee shop that caters for families. It is conveniently located near the Crown Plaza Hotel.
A moderately priced, kid friendly, French restaurant is Loch Fyne.
if you are looking for a coffee shop which sells Italian food and is in the £30 plus price range that is not child friendly then there is a place near the Café Sicilia called The Punter which has high customer ratings
The Vaults is located in the city centre near Café Brazil, this coffee shop has a high rating in the £20-£25 price range.
The Vaults is a cheap coffee shop on the riverside near Café Brazil. It gets a 5 out of 5 rating.
Beside the Café Rouge Japanese restaurant  is an average rated 3 out of 5 Midsummer House.
The Vaults is a local pub with a 5 star rating and prices starting at £30. You can find it near Café Adriatic.
The Phoenix is a cheap Japanese restaurant with a low customer rating by the riverside.
Located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café, Strada is a fast food restaurant with a moderate price range. Not recommended for families, it has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Rice Boat, which is not family friendly, is located in the city centre and is rated by customers as 5 out of 5.
The Rice Boat serves cheaply priced Indian food and has an average customer rating.  It's not family friendly and is in city centre near Express by Holiday Inn.
Pricey Italian food is served at the Cotto coffee shop, located on the riverside near The Portland Arms.
The Cambridge Blue is an Italian restaurant. It has a customer satisfaction rating of 1 out of 5
The Browns Cambridge coffee shop serves Japanese food. it is not family-friendly so it has an average  customer rating. it is in the city centre near the Crowne Plaza Hotel.
The pub Cocum is kid friendly and moderately priced with average ratings.
Indian food is served at a pub called Wildwood. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and is in the high price range.
Cotto has a moderate price range. It is by the riverside and near All Bar One.
The Golden Curry is located near the Café Rouge on the riverside. It serves Italian food in a family-friendly environment, and is rated as average by its customers.
There is a non family-friendly , low rated Japanese food restaurant with a price range less than £20 and is located in Riverside, it is called The Waterman
Receiving one-star, Fitzbillies coffee shop serves food and spirits at reasonable prices in a family friendly environment.
In the city centre is located a pub named The Mill, it offers Japanese food with a price more than £30.
Wildwood is a pub that offers Chinese food at low prices and has average customer ratings.
The Twenty Two is children friendly and serves English food.
There is a family friendly Indian restaurant in the city centre with a low rating, The Waterman, for less than 20 euros.
The Rice Boat provides Indian food in the cheap price range. It is located in the riverside. It is near Express by Holiday Inn. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
An Italian pub called The Mill is in riverside and costs a moderate amount.
The Eagle is located in riverside. They have a high price range and a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
High customer rating and excellent service and quality food is exactly what you will pay for in the slightly more than average prices. Located near Café Adriatic in riverside, the Travellers Rest Beefeater serves some of the best food in town.
Strada is a cheap Indian restaurant located near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café and is rated 5 out of 5.
French cuisine is served at The Rice Boat, located by the riverside.
Green Man is a pub that provides Indian food It is located in the riverside. It is near Café Rouge.
Near All Bar One you can find the Italian restaurant The Cricketers.
With a high price range near The Portland Arms with a place named Cotto in the city center. Customer rating 1 out of 5 with a coffee shop and fast food.
The Olive Grove is a child-friendly pub in the city centre. It has a price range of more than 30 pounds.
There is Italian restaurant on side Clare Hall in the city centre with moderate price, its Bibimbap House
The Waterman is only one star rated yet expensive, it also lacks family amenities
There is a great quite expensive pub called the Cocum which is family friendly.
The Waterman in city centre has a high customer rating but is not for children .The price is high for fast food.
You can get average rated Indian food at The Phoenix in Riverside.
Zizzi is a traditional Japanese pub grub type place. We've only been rated average but that's only because of out yes attitude to families.
The Cambridge Blue serves Japanese food rated 3 out of 5 by customers.
The Punter family friendly fast food coffee shop has cheap prices.  It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 and is located near Café Sicilia.
The Rice Boat is near the Express by Holiday Inn in riverside. They have cheap English food and a 5 out of 5 rating, but are not family-friendly.
The Rice Boat is a fast food restaurant in city centre that isn't family-friendly.
Loch Fyne is located near The Rice Boat which provide Japanese food. At the riverside is Loch Fyne which customers rating 5 out of 5. At the riverside, near The Rice Boat you can find the Loch Fyne Japanese restaurant.
For a low priced, family friend, French restaurant in Riverside, check out The Alimentum.
Midsummer House, near Café Rouge, sells fast food and has a 3 out of 5 customer rating.
Come and get delicious fast food from the family friendly venue - The Twenty Two
There is a coffee shop which offers cheap Indian food, with a 5 out of 5 customer rating, called The Punter. However, it is not family friendly. It is located near Café Sicilia.
The Mill restaurant is a coffee shop that services Japanese food that costs more than £30 that is in the City Centre near The Sorrento
The Rice Boat is a high priced restaurant located in City centre, near Express by Holiday Inn.  It is family friendly and rated one star.
The Phoenix is a Chinese food restaurant located in riverside having a rating of 5 out of 5
The Waterman offers fast food. It is not child-friendly. Customer Rating 1 out of 5 is located in the city center. Prices are moderate
The Punter is a non family-friendly French coffee shop with prices ranging less than £20. It can be found near Café Sicilia and has a low customer rating.
Alimentum is a kids friendly fast food place in Riverside. The price is £20-25.
Bibimbap House has Indian food for less than  £20. Located near Clare Hall on the riverside.
Strada is an Italian food pub near to the Yippee Noodle Bar and has an average customer rating.
The Eagle serves Fast food with a high customer rating.
In the riverside area there is a kid friendly place near The Portland Arms called The Punter that sells food for £20-25
There is a three star rated restaurant called The Cambridge Blue that sells sushi.
The Waterman is a pub on the riverside that offers Chinese food, 1 out of 5 recommend.
The Olive Grove is a no family friendly pub offering Chinese cuisine in the city centre. A typical meal will cost less than £20.
There's a Chinese restaurant called Loch Fyne that's family friendly. It's pricey though.
Browns Cambridge has cheap English food with a customer rating 5 out of 5.
Fitzbillies has a high price range. It is near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
The Rice Boat has a high price ranting, is family friendly and is a high priced restaurant. They serve Italian food and are located near Express by Holiday Inn.
There is a coffee shop Aromi located by the riverside serving Italian food with a customer rating of 5 out of 5. they are family friendly
The Phoenix provides Chinese food in the cheap price range. It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is average.
Midsummer House restaurant  is a high priced restaurant near All Bar One
Strada is located near the  Rainbow Vegetarian Café. It is not too expensive.  They offer American cuisine.  It has excellent reviews.
The Dumpling Tree is an Indian restaurant with a price range of more than £30.
There is a French selling restaurant in the City Centre called The Rice Boat. It is family-friendly with an average customer rating.
Alimentum with dishes from £30 located in riverside is a restaurant.
Near Burger King, in the Riverside area is a coffee shop called The Eagle, that is not kid friendly and serves French food in the price range of £20-25 with a high customer rating.
Near the Express by Holiday Inn is a child friendly restaurant with a high customer rating called Fitzbillies. The cost is more than £30.
The Golden Curry is a moderately priced adult oriented Italian restaurant, located near The Bakers.
Near Crowne Plaza Hotel by the riverside is a coffee shop called Browns Cambridge that serves French food. It is rated highly, but not family-friendly.
Near Raja Indian Cuisine, you and your family can enjoy Italian cuisine and alcohol while dining at the coffee shop called The Wrestlers.
Bad customer rating at the Strada restaurant
Alimentum is located next to Yippee Noodle Bar on the outskirts of the city.
Midsummer House near Café Rouge, serves Italian food but has a low customer rating.
The Twenty Two is a family friendly place with a low customer rating a price range of less than £20 and is located in riverside near The Rice Boat.
The Wrestlers is a high priced Chinese restaurant with a customer rating of 1 out of 5. Not kid friendly.
Loch Fyne is a kid friendly Indian restaurant where you can eat for £20-25.
There is a moderately priced Italian coffee shop called Cotto in the city centre.  Customers have rated it 5 out of 5.  It is close to The Portland Arms.
Kid-Friendly, Aromi is an Indian coffee shop with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 in the riverside.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Indian food in the high price range. It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Near Express by Holiday Inn is an English restaurant named The Rice Boat. It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and is not kid friendly. It is in the city centre area.
The Golden Curry is a family-friendly with an average rating is in riverside near Café Rouge have English foods.
There is a fast-food, coffee shop that is located in the city centre area. It is called Fitzbillies and it is not child-friendly but has a high customer rating and a price range of more than £30.
Fitzbillies is the Fast food in low price range near to the Six Bells
The Vaults serves Chinese food for less than £20. Yes, it is family friendly.
Loch Fyne is a restaurant providing Chinese food. It is located in city centre near The Rice Boat and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Blue Spice scored an average rating. This place is located near the riverside. Their products are less than £20. They are not family-friendly.
The Green Man is located in the riverside area. It is not child friendly and has a price range of more than £30.
In the city centre near Avalon, the coffee shop Blue Spice is more than £30 but has a 5 out of 5 rating and is not children-friendly.
The Olive Grove is a pub restaurant located in the city centre with English food with high price range. It is not children-friendly.
The Punter is a low rated family friendly coffee shop.  For less than 20 pounds, you can have  French food near Café Sicilia.
The Waterman pub offers fast food and drinks.
Cotto is a kid friendly restaurant near the Ranch.
There is a Fast food is Midsummer House in the near of Café Rouge with rank 5 out of 5
The Golden Curry offers Japanese food and is children friendly. It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Wildwood coffee shop is located near The Ranch. It also has low prices and a rating of 1 out of 5.
There is a fast food coffee shop Aromi in city centre that is for the family and it has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Moderately priced fast found can be found at Blue Spice in city centre.
Located near Burger King in Riverside, The Eagle is an adult only coffee shop with a 3 out of 5 rating serving French food for under £25
Midsummer House offers French cuisine located near All Bar One.
The Wrestlers is in the high price range. This is a family restaurant.
Near The Portland Arms on the riverside is The Punter. It is a family friendly place with a cheap price range.
The Phoenix is a low rated Italian place, found in the riverside area.
Alimentum is a restaurant located close to the river. It is in the low price range. It is not family friendly.
Giraffe, is pub yes children-friendly
Blue Spice is a fast food restaurant in the city centre with a price range less than L20.
There is a cheap breakfast restaurant called Loch Fyne with no restrooms available.
The Punter is a fast food out let that offer food for a high price.
There is a high priced coffee shop Cotto that is next to The Portland Arms.
An expensive,  family-friendly coffee shop by Café Sicilia is called The Punter.  It is rated three out of five stars.
The Dumpling Tree, which costs more than £30, is a French restaurant.
Alimentum is a Chinese restaurant located in the city centre near Yippee Noodle Bar. Alimentum has a moderate price range with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Rice Boat, a five star family friendly English restaurant, is located near the city centre.
The Cambridge Blue is a French restaurant with a 3 out of 5 customer rating
A child friendly place with English food on the riverside is The Rice Boat, however, the customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Next to Café Sicilia there is a low-prices Japanese coffee shop called The Punter.
The Cambridge Blue is a pub offering cheap fast food located near Café Brazil
Giraffe is a pub serving French food in the area of riverside.  It is child friendly.
Customer rating 1 out of 5. The Waterman is a kid-friendly restaurant that serves English food at a moderate price. It is located in Riverside.
The Phoenix in the city center area  may have a low customer rating, but they also have French food less than £20.
Near The Portland Arms is a high customer rating Japanese coffee shop called Cotto.
Alimentum serves Fast food at reasonable prices. It is located near Yippee Noodle Bar in the riverside area. Customers have given it an average rating.
The Phoenix is a moderately priced restaurant in riverside that sells French food . It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Located near All Bar One in the city centre, The Green Man is adult only and moderately priced serving Italian food
Near Rainbow Vegetarian Café is Strada, an English restaurant with low-priced food. It has an average customer rating and is family friendly.
The Eagle is a family-friendly coffee shop located in the city centre near Burger King. It has a low customer rating, but fast food there costs under 20 euros.
Fitzbillies is a £20-25 price range place near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
There is a family friendly pub called The Plough offering fast food near Café Rouge for prices between 20-25euros
Browns Cambridge has a price range of more than £30 with a customer rating 5 out of 5
There is a highly rated coffee shop and expensive dine in family restaurant called Cocum.
The Eagle coffee shop is located at the city centre, near Burger King. It is family friendly and rated 5 out of 5
The Punter is a coffee shop serving Indian food near Café Sicilia. It is in the cheap price range and has an average customer rating. It is not considered family friendly.
A restaurant with an average customer rating is The Cambridge Blue. It serves Japanese food.
Alimentum is a Indian restaurant that has moderate pricing. It is located in the city centre.  The restaurant doesn't accept kids.
The Waterman pub serves Indian food rated 3 out of 5 by customers in Riverside.
The Twenty Two is a high rated, kid friendly, riverside area near The Rice Boat and is priced very well.
Wildwood is a moderately priced, three-star sushi pub.
Loch Fyne is a children friendly French restaurant.
The Cocum coffee shop has amazing coffee and food. It is family friendly and not too expensive. Their food is amazing.
Strada is located near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café and has a average customer rating that serves Japanese for less than £20 and kid friendly.
The Mill is a pub with Fast food and moderate price range in riverside.
By the riverside, near Avalon, is an expensive coffee shop. The low rated  shop is called Blue Spice suitable for the whole family.
Wildwood is a restaurant, near Café Rouge, with a low customer rating.
The Rice Boat is an average Japanese style restaurant that is family and wallet friendly located near the Express by Holiday Inn in the city centre.
The Dumpling Tree near The Portland Arms serves English food
There is a coffee shop, Clowns, in the city centre near Clare Hall that serves Indian food and has customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Midsummer House near All Bar One and the price range is cheap.
If you're looking for somewhere to take your children on the riverside for English food, come to Browns Cambridge, near The Sorrento
Fitzbillies, a family friendly coffee shop is located near City center. Although the ratings are not high and the food is expensive, they serve American style food such as, hamgurgers and French fries.
The Waterman is an Indian food a highly regarded restaurant in riverside. A price for this children friendly restaurant is more than £30 per meal.
The Golden Curry with an average customer rating serves French food, isn't family-friendly and is situated nearby to Café Rouge within the city centre.
The Waterman in Riverside serves Fast food but is not children friendly. It has a high price range and average customer service.
Enjoy Italian food in Riverside at The Olive Grove, it is a cheap family friendly pub style restaurant.
The Golden Palace coffee shop offers good sushi at a fair price.  It is located on the riverside.
The coffee shop called Aromi is located in the city centre with Japanese food with customer rating 5 out of 5. They are family-friendly.
Located n the city centre area is the fast-food restaurant called Aromi.
The Rice Boat offers Japanese food with a high price range, there is no children area and it has a customer rating 3 out of 5. It is located in  the city centre, near to Express by Holiday Inn.
Wine and Cheeses moderately priced  at The Golden Curry is located up the road from The Bakers.
Fitzbillies is a adult only coffee shop providing in the low price range. It is located in the city centre. Poor customer rating
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop, serving sushi at medium range prices. One star, not family friendly. Located next to the river.
In the riverside are is the moderately priced child friendly Alimentum serving fast food
There is a reasonably priced restaurant called The Dumpling Tree where they serve English food.
The Blue Spice is a low price range family friendly restaurant. It is in the riverside area and has an average customer rating.
In the riverside area near The Sorrento is a coffee shop with a price range of 20-25 pounds called The Mill.
There is an Italian restaurant in riverside that is not family-friendly and has a low customer rating called The Rice Boat.
The Vaults serving Chinese food is family friendly and cheap.
Blue Spice is a moderate price Japanese restaurant located in the riverside area of town.
Blue Spice is a child friendly restaurant, with high prices and high customer ratings, located in the city centre.
The French restaurant The Cambridge Blue has received a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is an Indian coffee shop with a very high customer rating.  It is cheap, but not family friendly.
A children friendly place with high prices and an average customer rating, is The Wrestlers. It serves Italian food.
For Italian food try The Rice Boat, it is family friendly with a 1 out of 5 customer rating in the riverside area near Express by Holiday Inn.
The Golden Curry restaurant offers a range of Indian food. It's customer rating is low. You will find this restaurant in the city centre, close to Café Rouge and is family friendly.
The Waterman, which is an Italian restaurant, is cheap place to eat in the city centre and has a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
The Wildwood is an Italian coffee shop near Ranch with affordable prices and low customer approval.
A kids friendly Chinese restaurant in the riverside area near The Sorrento is Browns Cambridge.
The Midsummer House serves fast food and is cheap. It has a 5 out of 5 customer rating and is located near All Bar One.
There is a place near All Bar One that serves French food for less than 20 pounds. The name is Midsummer House and customers rate them average.
There is a high-priced Japanese restaurant, Fitzbillies, located near The Six Bells.
The Eagle located in centre city very close of Burger King, is a coffee shop with a high price range
Near All Bar One there is a restaurant serving English food named Midsummer House, with a price range of £20.00 £25.00 with high customer rating reviews this is a great place to eat.
Strada is a moderate priced Indian food restaurant that got a 1 out of 5 customer rating. It is located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café and is not kid friendly.
The Olive Grove is pub that serves Chinese food. It is a children-friendly, pricey place located right in the city centre.
Located near Café Adriatic in the riverside area, Travellers Rest Beefeater has a low customer rating and a price range of less than £20.
Child friendly Green Man is in the riverside area. It has a price range of over £30.
Near Clare Hall and the city centre is a lower priced place to eat called The Bibimbap House.
By Café Brazilian the town centre is The Vaults coffee shop, which has prices starting at £30, rated low.
Midsummer House is a low-priced restaurant that provides wine and cheese and it's located right next to All Bar One.
The Green Man is a kid friendly restaurant serving English food with a moderate price range.  It is located near All Bar One in the riverside area.
Blue Spice is a fast food restaurant in riverside with a price point less than £20.
The Rice Boat is a highly rated English restaurant in city centre. They are kid friendly.
There is a coffee shop near Café Sicilia, The Punter, that serves expensive Indian food and has customer rating 1 out of 5. It's not children friendly.
Cotto has Italian food and is near Café Rouge.
There is a pub that serves mid price range British food called Wildwood.
Travellers Rest Beefeater restaurant is in the mid price range. It is not family friendly.
Located in the city centre near the Express by Holiday Inn, The Rice Boat is family-friendly and serves average French food costing less than £20.
For French food at an average of less than twenty pounds The Green Man is a family-friendly eatery near to All Bar One in the city centre.
There is a Fast food coffee shop called Fitzbillies in the Riverside area.  They are not child friendly and have a high price range, with an average rating.
The Rice Boat on the riverside near Express by Holiday Inn serves fast food in the high price range, is family friendly, and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
In the city centre there is a high rated, kid friendly, fast food restaurant called The Waterman. It is in the average  price range of £20 to £25.
High customer ratings and a kid-friendly environment merge together in the form of Indian restaurant, The Golden Curry.
There is a coffee shop called Cotto near The Portland Arms in the city centre that has average rating and Indian food. The prices are cheap.
Located in Riverside, Alimentum is a Japanese restaurant that is not kid friendly with a moderate price range.
The Rice Boat serves Italian food. High price. It is located in the city centre area near Express by Holiday Inn. Rated 1 out of 5. Kid friendly.
Cocum is a restaurant friendly for children. The customer rating is 5 out of 5.
There is a kid friendly English restaurant  named Loch Fyne.
The Cricketers is a kids Friendly coffee shop, with high customer Rating, near The Portland Arms, that serves Indian food.
An Italian coffee shop with a low customer rating, prices less than £20 and that isn't family-friendly is called Cocum.
The Eagle is a coffee Shop, and moderately priced, next to Burger King at City centre.  Rating: 1 out of 5.   Kid friendly.
The Rice Boat located in the center of the city  is a low price range family-friendly French restaurant with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 near the Express by Holiday Inn.
Loch Fyne is a 1 star fast food restaurant located next to The Rice Boat.
There is a highly rated, child friendly restaurant named Zizzi that serves English food.
For between £20 and £25 you can get Indian food at Fitzbillies which is close to The Six Bells.
Moderate price range pub near center of city is Clowns with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Zizzi is a pub providing Japanese food, it is kids friendly with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Dumpling Tree is an Indian restaurant that offers a moderate price range
Blue Spice coffee shop is non children-friendly with a low rating and a price range for  more than £30 , it is located near Avalon in the city centre.
Blue Spice is an over-priced, child-friendly coffee shop along the riverside near Avalon that isn't worth going to.
The Fitzbillies is a cheap, family friendly Indian coffee with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 in the city centre.
The Phoenix is a cheap Fast food restaurant in the area of riverside with an average customer rating.
riverside has an average rating The Golden Curry near Café Rouge that serves Japanese food with family friendly service
There is a high price range adults only coffee shop Fitzbillies located in the riverside area poor customer rating
The Rice Boat is an establishment that serves Chinese food. It is located near the centre of the city, has low customer ratings, and is not child friendly.
The Eagle is a high priced coffee shop that is not child friendly. It is located near Burger King in riverside and have an average rating.
The Rice Boat provides Indian food It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is low.
The Plough is a Japanese pub near Café Rouge that is not family-friendly and has a price range of more than 30 pounds.
The Dumpling Tree is a higher priced, adult oriented, coffee shop, near Café Sicilia in the riverside area.
The Golden Palace is a highly rated coffee shop in the city centre that serves Italian food. The price range is above £30.
The Rice Boat is an average rated Riverside fast food place. It has an average rating near Express by Holiday Inn with a cheap price range. It is a great place for adults
Taste of Cambridge is a high price range restaurant with the customer rating of 1 out of 5.
In the city centre there is an expensive pub called The Olive Grove. They serve Indian food and it is not children friendly.
The Phoenix Italian restaurant in the city centre has high prices, and a 1 out of 5 customer rating.
The Phoenix serves Japanese food in the £20 - £25 price range with a high customer rating located in the city centre
The site Taste of Cambridge is a coffee shop type, it offers Indian food, is located in Riverside, is ideal for children and friends, and is near Crowne Plaza Hotel
The Alimentum serves Chinese food. It has a high price range and a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is located in the riverside area, near Yippee Noodle Bar.
The Waterman serves Chinese food in the city centre area with a price range of £20-25. They have a high customer rating but is not kid Friendly.
In the city centre there is a place called Alimentum near the Yippee Noodle Bar which serves English food, has a customer rating of 1 out of 5, and a high price range.
Near Rainbow Vegetarian Café is the low rated and family unfriendly Strada which  serves moderately priced Indian.
Near riverside and The Rice Boat, there is a popular Indian restaurant named Loch Fyne.
Alimentum is a non family-friendly Italian restaurant in the riverside. The price range is less than £20.
The Twenty Two is a family friendly establishment in the riverside area serving French food.
The Taste of Cambridge is an expensive, but highly rated restaurant.
Strada, a pub near the Yippee Noodle Bar that serves English food has a low customer rating.
Cotto is a Japanese restaurant and coffee shop.  It is located near The Portland Arms.  Customer rating 5 out of 5.
The Mill is in the riverside area and is a pub that serves Japanese food. The price range is more than £30.
The Golden Palace is a restaurant where the  prices are less than 20 £.
The Phoenix is a wine and cheese pub that is three star and middle price range.
Cocum is a bistro coffee shop, family friendly and off the main road.
Fitzbillies is a 3 star, family friendly located close to Express by Holiday Inn providing take-away deliveries in the low price range. It is located in the city centre.
Green Man located by in the city centre by All Bar One is an average priced, family-friendly English joint.
Browns Cambridge is an affordable Chinese food establishment with an average customer rating.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop and serves Indian food, located in riverside, with high customer Rating and price Range more than  £30.
The Strada serve English food. Their prices are moderate. They are located by Rainbow Vegetarian Café. It is rated 3 out of 5 and yes kid friendly.
The Twenty Two offers high customer Rating area city centre for kids Friendly in The Rice Boat.
The Plough is a fast-food pub near Café Rouge.  It is kid-friendly and moderately priced.
Cotto is a restaurant with good ratings. It is located near The Portland Arms.
A restaurant called Midsummer House is located near All Bar One.
Fitzbillies is near the Express by Holiday Inn and is 1 star. It is not family oriented.
It's an affordable place to eat at The Plough. It's a Pub close to Café Rouge and it accepts children.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel near a riverside, serving French food, it is kid Friendly with an average rating.
Low rated English pub, Strada, is located near Yippee Noodle Bar.
Everyone is looking for a kid friendly environment these days and we have found one to try. The Twenty Two is a riverside attraction near The Rice Boat with a moderate price range.
Strada is a 3 star moderately priced Italian restaurant near to Rainbow Vegetarian Café
In City Centre, Cotto, a coffee shop that serves French food near The Portland Arms have a high customer rating, and have a price range of £20-25
A kid-friendly fast food restaurant is The Twenty Two, located in Riverside.
At the riverside there is kids-friendly pub with moderate pricing named The Olive Grove.
Near to the Café Brazil is The Cambridge Blue. This pub serves English food at high prices.
The Wrestlers is an all you can eat restaurant by The Bakers rated at one star, family friendly.
In the city centre you will find The Olive Grove pub. They serve Japanese food for less than £20 but aren't family-friendly.
Loch Fyne can be found on the riverside close to The Rice Boat, with sushi dishes that are the best of the best.
The Vaults provides Chinese food in the high price range.
Giraffe is a children-friendly pub that serves English food, located near the riverside.
The Punter is the epitome of fine dining.
Browns Cambridge get the customer rating 5 out of 5, and it is in moderate price range and
Aromi is an Indian restaurant in river side.
Travellers Rest Beefeater near Café Adriatic in the city centre is high priced with average customer rating
For children friendly English food on the riverside with a high customer rating, try The Rice Boat.
Located in riverside is a French food coffee shop called Aromi. It has an average customer rating and is family friendly.
There is a child-friendly pub, Giraffe, which serves fast food by the river.
If you want a Fast food coffee shop check out Aromi in riverside it is family friendly and has an average rating.
There is a children friendly restaurant, The Rice Boat, that serves Indian food by the riverside. Their customer rating is average.
Green Man is a kid friendly Italian place in riverside. It is near All Bar One and has moderate prices.
The Browns Cambridge has a moderate price for French food but only has a rating of 1 out of 5.
The Punter sells fairly priced Italian food.
The Cricketers is a coffee shop and is near The Portland Arms and is rated 5 out of 5. It is family friendly and serves French food.
The Golden Curry a Japanese restaurant near Café Rouge in the city Centre
Zizzi is a one star rated pub that family's are not welcome to  visit.
A French coffee shop called Cotto is located in Riverside, near The Portland Arms.  It is in the cheap price range, and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
underrated Japanese restaurant pub, Strada is located near Yippee Noodle Bar.
Browns Cambridge is a family coffee shop with a 1 star rating not far from Crown Plaza Hotel sat next to the river.
Fitzbillies, near The Six Bells, serves English food and is in the price range of more than E30.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop that serves Indian food. It has a high rating and is children friendly. It is near the Crowne Plaza Hotel.
The Waterman, located in city centre, is an English food restaurant with a price range less than £20. The customer ratings is low and it is not family-friendly.
Cocum is a family friendly restaurant that is highly rated by customers at 5 out of 5.
Clowns Italian coffee Shop scores a 5 out of 5 customer rating and can be found in the city centre near Clare Hall.
The Punter Less then £20 serving Japanese
The Wrestlers is a mid-priced eatery in a busy part of town. It specialises in sushi. It is not family-friendly.
Having a high price range, the child friendly Strada has a customer rating of 3 out of 5
The Punter is a coffee shop located near Café Sicilia which serves fast food and has moderate prices. It is not kid friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Cotto is a restaurant providing coffee in the low price range. It is located near The Portland Arms.
With a price range of £20-25 in the  area of riverside, The Phoenix is rated as average by customers.
Strada is kid friendly and has a moderate price range as well as a 3 out of 5 customer rating.
The Rice Boat is a Chinese food place near the Express by Holiday Inn in the riverside area.  It is family friendly, has a cheap price range, and is an average customer rating.
The Cricketers coffee shop offers burgers and fries. It is family friendly and located near The Portland Arms.
Alimentum is a kid  friendly Fast food restaurant with a moderate price in the city centre.
The city centre area has a restaurant called The Rice Boat that serves Indian food. It  is not family friendly and has a low customer rating.
The Golden Curry serves Fast food near Café Rouge and is located in the city centre area. Rated low. kid unfriendly
Despite its high price range, The Olive Grove pub, located at Riverside offers Indian food and provides a child-friendly environment
Browns Cambridge serves English food near The Sorrento in the city centre.  However it is not family-friendly.
A cheap, family friendly Chinese food place, Alimentum, is located in riverside.
There is an Italian restaurant called The Golden Curry located near The Bakers. It offers averagely  price food but is not kid friendly.
The Golden Palace in the city center., is a coffee shop with fair prices.  1 out of 5 for the ratings.
Aromi is a Pub situated in the area of Riverside. The pub is kids friendly but has a low rating of only 1 out of 5.
The Rice Boat offers cheap English food in Express by Holiday Inn in city centre.
There is a place that does English food near The Six Bells. It's called Fitzbillies and prices tend to be between £20-25.
The Golden Curry family friendly fast food restaurant is next to the Café Rouge
The Mill is a pub which also offers Chinese food. Its price range is moderate and it is in the area of riverside
there is a coffee shop in riverside that sells Japanese food called Aromi however the customer ratings are low and families. aren't welcome
Although Zizzi has a 1 out of 5 customer rating, it offers a moderate priced, kid friendly venue along the riverside.
The Cricketers is a children friendly pub near a Ranch with a high customer rating
Strada is a 5 out of 5 rated restaurant.
if you are looking for a coffee shop in the riverside area near Avalon which is not family-friendly then the Blue Spice is in the less than £20 range with a low customer rating
With an average customer rating, Browns Cambridge Italian food  has a cheap price range.
The Rice Boat Chinese restaurant is a moderately priced restaurant with a 1 out of 5 rating.  This restaurant is not kid friendly but is located near Express by Holiday Inn.
With high ratings is the kid-friendly pub Aromi, which is at the riverside.
Fitzbillies is an Japanese  coffee shop located in riverside with a high price range to suit the upper class we have a 3 out of 5 rating with no children welcome.
The Cambridge Blue is a restaurant that offers English food and has high customer ratings.
Along with the nearby Yippee Noodle Bar, Asian food is featured at Alimentum, an inexpensive restaurant.
The Olive Grove Pub, is a moderately priced, child friendly establishment, located in the city centre, which serves Fast food.
Cocum is a family friendly restaurant with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Eagle is a coffee shop that serves Indian food. It is cheap, average customer rating, and family friendly. It is in city centre near Burger King.
The Cambridge Blue is a Fast food pub near Café Brazil their price range is low-priced and cheap.
The Golden Curry is located near Café Rouge in the city Centre. They serve Chinese food, are family friendly, and were given a high customer rating of five out of five.
The Cricketers is an Italian restaurant near All Bar One.
The Dumpling Tree is a family friendly fast food pub located near The Portland Arms.
Midsummer House offers moderate pricing serving English food near All Bar One. 1 out of 5.
The Wrestlers serves French food with prices less than £20. It is not family-friendly and has average ratings.
The Vaults is a coffee shop in the high price range. It is located in the riverside near the Café Brazil.
Green Man is located in riverside and has a price range of more than £30 while also being kids friendly.
Zizzi is an Italian family friendly pub with an average rating.
Loch Fyne is a children friendly restaurant that sells fast food and has a high price range.
The Eagle is an Italian food venue. The customer Rating is 1 out of 5.
There is a child friendly Japanese restaurant called The Twenty Two.
Fitzbillies, a coffee shop that serves Indian food in the city centre, is not kid friendly, is moderately priced, and has very low customer ratings.
The Punter is an affordable coffee shop that is highly rated and offers family restrooms. It is near Café Sicilia.
Loch Fyne is a family-friendly, inexpensive restaurant serving Indian food.
The Dumpling Tree can be found close to The Portland Arms.  It is a pub which serves English food and is child friendly.
Strada is a non kid friendly restaurant that is high priced. They have a customer rating of 3 out 5.
A place with a low rating that offers English food for less than £20 is Browns Cambridge
The Cambridge Blue is a restaurant that provides Indian food Its customer rating is average.
The Rice Boat is a cheap Japanese restaurant in city centre. The Rice Boat is a good place to take the kids, it's right by the Express by Holiday Inn.
The Golden Curry is an Italian eatery that is kid friendly, and has a rating of 3 out of 5.
Loch Fyne has an excellent rating.  It is located near The Rice Boat.
The Mill, a coffee shop in the riverside area near to The Sorrento, offers cheap Indian food.
The Cambridge Blue is a French restaurant with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Cheap family friendly Chinese restaurant Loch Fyne.
There is a family-friendly, English pub called Zizzi with an average rating.
The Phoenix is the best Fast food place due to the prices being anywhere from £20-25. They are in city centre where the ratings are high.
The Waterman is located in City centre. It is a family friendly French restaurant is mid-ranged prices. They have a one star rating.
In the riverside area is The Twenty Two which serves English food and is kids-friendly.
There is a restaurant in the Riverside area called The Rice Boat with a low customer rating of 1 out of 5, they serve Indian food and are not child friendly.
The Rice Boat serves English food, it is located in the riverside and also it's children-friendly, rated average by customers.
The Golden Curry does not cater for families but provide a variety of foods, including English and has been rated to be average.
With a £20-£25 price range The Twenty Two is located near The Rice Boat. They are kid friendly and located on the riverside.
Midsummer House has high prices and high quality sushi to match them. It is found near the All Bar One.
The Indian restaurant,  The Cambridge Blue,   has a high customer rating.
The Waterman is a restaurant serving French food. Customer rating is 3 out of 5. It is child-friendly. It is located in the city center. Prices are £ 20-25.
The Phoenix is a one star,  Asian food restaurant, that is located in the city center.
Near Café Rouge is a Fast food venue, Midsummer House, with a rating of 1 out of 5.
Near Ranch you can find family-Friendly place named Cotto with French food rated 5 out of 5.
Midsummer House sells Indian food, a customer service rating 1 out of 5 near Café Rouge
Loch Fyne in town is a sushi bar moderately priced not family friendly
Cocum is a high rated coffee shop providing Italian food in the price more that £30 but it is not children Friendly.
Blue Spice is an expensive coffee shop not near the city centre in Avalon and it has bathrooms.
In riverside, near the Express by Holiday Inn is a French restaurant named The Rice Boat. It costs less than £20, but has a low customer rating and is not family-friendly.
yes its amazing for Italian food and also kids friendly the name of the place is The Waterman. price range normal. area riverside
The Punter is a Chines restaurant with high prices.
Located near to The Crowne Plaza Hotel is the coffee shop The Taste of Cambridge. It does not allow children.
The Mill is a reasonably priced French coffee shop. It is at the riverside near The Sorrento.
An average priced Italian on the riverside is Bibimbap House near Clare Hall.
In Riverside near to Express by Holiday Inn is children   friendly called The Rice Boat.  it got good rating  and  it got fast food  at  price high.
The Olive Grove is a family friendly, middle range priced pub serving food. Located near the riverside.
The Golden Curry  offers  Japanese food in a family friendly environment. The price range is less than 20 English sterling. It is located near  The Bakers.
The Golden Curry is a low rated, family friendly Chinese restaurant.
Ranch and Cotto offer English food and are both family friendly. They have a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
At Riverside,near Yippee Noodle Bar The Alimentum serves serves fast food at moderate prices with a customer rating of 1 out of 5
Cocum is a family friendly restaurant, which unfortunately has low ratings.
The Golden Curry, an English restaurant in a moderate price range that is not kids friendly is situated near The Bakers
Near Express by Holiday Inn the middle of the city is an Indian restaurant called The Rice Boat. It offers cheap food with  high customer rating and is family friendly.
The Wrestlers is a moderately priced restaurant offering alcohol and Italian food.  It is family friendly and located in City centre near Raja Indian Cuisine.
Chinese restaurant, Loch Fyne has a low customer Rating; located on the riverside near The Rice Boat.
Located on the outskirts of Cambridge is the pub The Olive Grove. It is family friendly at a medium price range.
Midsummer House serves inexpensive Italian food, and is located near All Bar One.  Its customers rate it 5 out of 5 stars.
Located in the centre of the city, The Waterman, is an expensive restaurant serving English food. It is highly rated but is not recommended for children.
Green Man is an Indian food restaurant near All Bar One in the riverside area.  It is in the high price range and is child-friendly.
The Waterman serves Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is family-friendly, located in the City center and has a low customer rating.
The Mill is located in the riverside area, is a pub than has a very good French food with a cost of more of £30
The Golden Curry is a restaurant near The Bakers with a high price range that serves English food and isn't children friendly.
Wildwood is an expensive, one-star pub that serves traditional British cuisine.
The Vaults is a friendly pub with reasonable prices and a lovely clentele, it is located near Café Adriatic
The Phoenix serves French food on a riverside with a customer rating of low.
The Alimentum is a fast food restaurant in the city centre near Yippee Noodle Bar with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and has a high price range.
Browns Cambridge is near The Sorrento in the city centre, offering family-friendly English food.
Fitzbillies is a family-friendly oriental coffee shop situated along the riverside,  offering well-priced food and an excellent 5-star rated service .
The Twenty Two is a hight price restaurant near The Rice Boat, this is not a good place for children.
Fitzbillies Indian restaurant near The Six Bells costs less than £20.
Cocum is a family  friendly coffee shop that serves French cuisine.   The price range is less than 20 European dollar; however, it has low customer rating.
Strada is a Japanese restaurant that was rated 3 out of 5. It kid friendly, has a price range of 20 - 25, and is near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
The Golden Palace a low rated French coffee shop is low rated and located at the city centre
The Waterman provides Indian food in the more than £30 price range. It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is high.
Blue Spice is located in the city centre near Avalon. There not kids friendly, it is a coffee shop, 5 out of 5 customer rating, and there price range is more then 30 dollars.
The Plough is a pub near Café Rouge that serves Japanese food. It is kids friendly and has a price range of £20-25.
The poorly rated 'Travellers Rest Beefeater' near Café Adriatic in the city center has quite high prices.
There is a cheap, kid friendly Japanese restaurant called Loch Fyne.
An average rated Japanese restaurant in the city centre is The Phoenix. It cost less than 20 euros.
Located riverside, Clowns is has high prices and is ranked 1 out of 5.
There is a customer-rated 5 out of 5 Italian pub called Zizzi, which is family-friendly.
A low priced coffee shop located next to Ranch is Wildwood.
Blue Spice is a coffee shop near Avalon in Riverside with an average rating that's also children friendly.
A family friendly pub in City Centre is Giraffe.
Wildwood is a Japanese coffee shop near Ranch. It serves moderately priced food and  has a low rating of 1 out of 5 .
With a low price range, Alimentum is a family friendly restaurant by the riverside in the City centre.
Strada is a low-priced  restaurant near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café in Cambridge, that serves wines, cheese and soup.
The Blue Spice serves Chinese food for less than average prices. It is located in the city centre.
The Cricketers  is a beautiful Pub  providing Fun for the Whole Family Our Prices Will Blow You Away. It is located in the city at 130 southpawn road right across from the Ranch.
Not a child friendly place, Loch Fyne is a restaurant with a high price range that serves Indian food.
The Phoenix is a restaurant providing take-away deliveries in the low price range. It is located in the city centre.
Prices are more than £30. The Golden Palace is a pub located in riverside near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
The fast food restaurant Loch Fyne is a kid friendly place with reasonable prices
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that is family-friendly, serves fast food, has a price range of less than 20 pounds, and has a low customer rating. It is located in the city centre.
Fitzbillies coffee Shop is a five star rated family friendly expensive restaurant that also serves wine.
A coffee shop in the riverside area, The Mill, also sells Indian food for less than £20. They are located near The Sorrento.
The Rice Boat is a family-friendly venue, with a low customer rating serving low cost Italian food based in the city centre near Express by Holiday Inn.
The Olive Grove is a moderately priced Indian pub. It is by the riverside and is kid friendly.
The Wrestlers is an Indian restaurant with a high customer rating, that is kid-friendly and in the medium price range.
The low priced Travellers Rest Beefeater is a family friendly restaurant.
Strada is a non kid-friendly English restaurant near Rainbow Vegetarian Café with a price range of 20-25 and a high customer rating.
Fitzbillies is a Japanese coffee shop in the city centre area. Customers give Fitzbillies 3 out of 5 stars and a price range of £20-25.
Cocum is a Japanese coffee shop.  It has an excellent customer rating and welcomes children, however it is quite expensive.
The Cricketers is located near The Portland Arms. This is a one star rated coffee shop and is not suitable for families.
There is a mid priced restaurant called Alimentum that is not family friendly located near the river.
Family friendly Cocum restaurant has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Near the Yippee Noodle Bar there is an Italian pub named Strada with a 5 out of 5 customer rating
The Golden Curry is an expensive children  friendly English food restaurant, near The Bakers.
If you're going to the Green Man be sure to check out the All Bar One  in the centre of the city.
The Phoenix is an average rated Italian restaurant located in the city centre.
A pub near Yippee Noodle Bar sells Strada which is a French food with customer rating of 3 out of 5.
In the city centre is an Italian food restaurant named Alimentum, it is kid-friendly with a high price range.
The Olive Grove a pub in the centre of the city with a price range of more than  £30 serves French food.  Children are not allowed.
The Golden Curry is located in the city centre near Café Rouge. It serves Japanese food and has an average customer rating. It is not family-friendly.
There is a restaurant called The Waterman that serves Chinese. The price range is more than 30 and the customer rating is high . it is child friendly and is in the city centre .
a kid's friendly English place with a high price range in the riverside is called Alimentum
The Waterman offers moderately priced fast food in the Riverside area that is kids-friendly and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Golden Curry provides Chinese food Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Golden Curry is located near to The Bakers and it is providing English food in price less than £20 . Also it is friendly for family.
In riverside near Clare Hall, there is an average rated coffee shop that serves Indian food called Clowns.
Cheap and average the Cocum Indian coffee shop is not family friendly.
The Eagle is a coffee shop that serves excellent Indian food at a high price range in the riverside area near Burger King.
There is a cheap Japanese restaurant Clowns located in riverside area, near Clare Hall, with low Customer Rating, it's coffee shop
The Vaults is a one-star high-price pub located near the Café Adriatic.
Wildwood is a pub that serves Indian food, expect it to cost more than £30, but the customer rating is high.
for Japanese food you visit Strada near  Rainbow Vegetarian Café the price of food is very cheap
This restaurant in riverside is not kid-friendly.  The Alimentum is a moderately priced, English eatery.
There is a place called Fitzbillies near The Six Bells that serves well priced food.
The Olive Grove is a pub that is riverside and children-friendly.   You get your food fast and will pay a bit more for it.
The Punter is a coffee shop that does not provide a family-friendly environment for less than  £20. It is located near Café Sicilia that serves French food.
The Rice Boat is a family friendly restaurant and it is located near the river.
Alimentum  if a sushi food. We have six stars. We have expensive costs. We are close to Yippee Noodle Bar at City Centre. Join us.
Fitzbillies is located near The Six Bells.  It is in the low price range.
Browns Cambridge is a low rated and cheap establishment.
Strada is a family friendly place with a price under 20 pounds, but the ratings are low.
The Alimentum offers Chinese for in the high price range in the riverside area but is not child friendly.
Aromi, a French coffee shop is known for being family-friendly and is located in the city centre, but it has a low customer rating.
There is a high priced children friendly restaurant in Riverside by the name of Blue Spice, with only an average customer rating.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop which serves Indian Food for under £20. It is on the riverside, it is family friendly and is near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Phoenix is a Japanese restaurant in City Centre that offers meals in the low price range  with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
the Taste of Cambridge is a restaurant that has a customer Rating of 5 out of 5 with a price range of more than £30 per person
The Waterman is a Luton based highly rated children friendly venue serving fast food in the mid-range price bracket.
Alimentum, located in the city centre, serves Chinese food. It is not child friendly and is moderately priced.
Low priced Japanese food is available in the city centre at Strada near to the Rainbow Vegetarian Café. Families are welcome there but it has a low customer rating.
Aromi is a restaurant located in the city centre that serve Japanese food.
For Indian food in a family friendly setting and for less than £20, you can try The Vaults.
There's no excuse to The Wrestlers overpriced lowbrow obscene French entertainment.
Café Sicilia near The Punter. Cheap Japanese family has restaurant coffee.
Browns Cambridge It serves Japanese food and good prices It is located next to Crowne Plaza Hotel
Cheap Chinese food, Midsummer House, near All Bar One. Customer rating 5 out of 5.
A kid friendly English restaurant in the 20 to 25 pound range is Loch Fyne.
Strada is a restaurant with high ratings by its customers.
Located near The Six Bells Fitzbillies is a cheap Japanese place
The Wrestlers is a French restaurant with a high customer rating, a price range of £20-25 and is not kid friendly.
The Green Man is located in the city centre and is a child friendly place costing on average more than £30.
Cocum is a coffee shop that offers sushi that is low priced. However, it is not family friendly and is rated 1 out of 5 stars.
The Golden Palace is a restaurant in riverside with an average customer rating.
The Fitzbillies coffee shop offers highly priced Indian cuisine in the city centre. It is rated 1 out of 5 and is very children friendly.
The Olive Grove is a moderate priced pub that serves Indian food in the Riverside area, it is not child friendly.
Along the riverside is the children friends English restaurant, Green Man. Conveniently located close to All Bar One please be aware that the Green Man menu is in the higher price range.
The Twenty Two serves Indian food and allows children.
The Golden Curry is a children-friendly, highly rated English restaurant, and it is at the riverside, near Café Rouge.
The Golden Curry is a moderately priced kid friendly French restaurant near The Bakers.
with 3 out of 5 stars The Eagle is a Italian restaurant
The Punter in riverside, is child friendly, average priced and near The Portland Arms.
The Vaults is a budget friendly option with Japanese food costing less than 20 euros. However, it is not family-friendly.
Fitzbillies is an adult-only establishment with mid-level prices located next to Express by Holiday Inn.
The Phoenix, located in the riverside area, is a Chinese restaurant with low customer ratings.
Blue Spice is a restaurant in the riverside area that is low priced.
There is a Italian restaurant Alimentum with high prices located in city centre near Yippee Noodle Bar.  Average Customer rating.
The Waterman offers cheap English food, it is average rated and located in the city centre, not family-friendly.
Strada its a average high Fast food restaurant located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café
Blue Spice is located outside of the City Centre.
The Rice Boat is a family friendly Chinese restaurant in Riverside.
Fitzbillies is a low-priced restaurant in near riverside that delivers take-away.
Riverside boasts the Green Man, a mid-range, child-friendly restaurant.
The Cambridge Blue is a restaurant which serves Chinese food with a customer rating of 5 out of 5
There is a restaurant called The Eagle serving Japanese food. It has a low customer rating.
The Phoenix is a cheap Japanese eating experience located in City Centre.
Located down by the riverside, Zizzi is a coffee shop which is kid friendly, has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and a average price range of £20-£25.
Midsummer House sells cheap Chinese food near All Bar One, with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Want a place to take your children in the city centre, Fitzbillies coffee shop may be for you, with it's excellent customer rating and French food from £30.
The Waterman near The Crowne Plaza Hotel, has Italian food in a family friendly atmosphere.
The Waterman serves Chinese food for less than £20 in the city centre. It is family friendly and has low customer ratings.
The Golden Curry is a high priced restaurant located next to The Bakers.
Midsummer House has a 5 out of 5 rating, for more than 30 euros you can enjoy their Japanese cuisine. Located near All Bar One.
The Japanese food serving Fitzbillies is a children friendly coffee shop situated in the city centre. It has high prices and has received low rating.
An expensive coffee shop called Cotto is in the northern part of the City centre.  It is a highly recommended shop near The Portland Arms.
Strada is near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café. It is Chinese food moderately priced, for a kid friendly atmosphere with a 1 out of 5 rating.
The Cricketers is a highly rated restaurant located near The Portland Arms.  It is a family-friendly shop offering coffee and Italian food,  Customers has given the location a high rating of 5 out of 5.
Moderately priced Chinese food that is kid friendly is found at The Rice Boat. It is in Riverside near the Express by Holiday Inn. It is rated 1 out of 5 and is moderately priced.
Cocum is a high priced coffee shop that is family friendly.
The Cambridge Blue is a pub near Café Brazil serving Italian food in the high price range.
The Rice Boat is a family friendly restaurant that is located in City Centre next to Express by Holiday Inn.
An affordable and quality French restaurant is Browns Cambridge.
The Punter is a low priced coffee shop which also provides  food. Rated one star this restaurant is located near to Café Sicilia and unfortunately does not allow children
Near Clare Hall is a fast-food coffee shop on the riverside named Clowns. It has a perfect 5 out of 5 customer rating.
Strada is a cheap place that is not family-friendly and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
There is a Chinese pub called The Plough with a moderate price range. It is located near Café Rouge and it is not kid-friendly.
Bibimbap House by the riverside and close to Clare Hall provides English food for under £20.
Blue Spice is a family-friendly coffee shop in the city center near the Avalon with an average customer rating. The price range is less than 20 pounds.
Highly priced and mid rated, The Golden Palace coffee shop has riverside views to enjoy their fast food by.
The Wrestlers is a cheap Italian restaurant.  It has an average customer rating and is family-Friendly.
The Dumpling Tree is a restaurant serving Chinese for a cheap price.
The Browns Cambridge  is a family friendly eatery that provides Japanese food . It is located in the city centre near The Sorrento
The Punter, a restaurant with Indian Food is a good place to eat, price isn't cheap, its between £20-25
Not far from the Express by Holiday Inn, you will find The Rice Boat.  This restaurant has a  fantastic rating of between 3 and 5 for the excellent French food.  Though not family-friendly, is offers food in the higher price area.
The Cocum is a child friendly pub with a price range of more than £30 and a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Eagle is an Indian coffee shop in a moderate price restaurant. It is near Burger King in riverside and is not a kid friendly place but it does have an average rating.
The Waterman is a family friendly fast food restaurant with a price range of less than £20 located in Riverside. However, it has a low customer rating.
The Eagle is a low priced three-star coffee shop located next to Burger King.
The Olive Grove pub serves Japanese food on the riverside. Its price range is more than £30, but it is child friendly.
Located near The Sorrento in the riverside area, Browns Cambridge is a family friendly restaurant serving English food.
The Golden Curry, specializes in French cuisine. Suitable, and loved by the whole family.
The Wrestlers is children friendly and serves Chinese.  It has a high price range and a low customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Children Friendly and more than £30, Alimentum has English food is by the riverside
Strada is a child friendly moderately priced  Italian food venue. It is rated 1 out of 5 and is near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
Family-friendly Italian restaurant The Wrestlers provides cheap food, but it has a low rating with customers.
With a five star rating, The Waterman is a burger and chips restaurant suitable for families at a mid-price range.
You can find coffee shop Zizzi in the city centre where children are welcome. Prices are average for the area and it has a customer rating of 3.
The Dumpling Tree is a pub that serves Indian food and is near The Portland Arms. It allows children.
Zizzi is a pub which is rated five stars.
The Olive Grove pub serves inexpensive French food in the city center.
Italian restaurant The Cricketers is located near All Bar One.
Strada offers Fast food priced high near Rainbow Vegetarian Café rated 1 out of 5 family friendly.
The Wrestlers is a kid-friendly French restaurant. It has a customer rating of one out of five and is in the moderate price range.
If you don't want to be near kids, then The Vaults is not the place for you, only if you want Italian food.
Clowns pub in the riverside area has a price Range of more than £30 with a high customer Rating
An Indian restaurant called Blue Spice is in the riverside area, offering meals in the price range of 20-25 pounds.
There is a coffee shop that is children friendly in riverside. The name is Browns Cambridge. Their customer rating is high and they serve Italian food. They are near the Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop in riverside serving French food. They are not child friendly, have a low customer rating and are in the price range of more than £30
While the customer rating is low, The Phoenix provides a unique dining experience. The Phoenix is a French restaurant that has a nice riverside location.
Near The Rice Boat at riverside is a Japanese place called Loch Fyne. the customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Golden Curry serves Italian food with a average customer rating it is family friendly located near Café Rouge, and
Midsummer House is a five star, low cost seafood establishment situated close to All Bar One
coffee Shop, Fitzbillies offers Indian food at a moderate price range. Customers rated it 3 out of 5 and is located in the City Centre. However not kid friendly.
There is a pub called The Mill in the riverside area, which offers moderately expensive French food.
In the city centre, near Clare Hall,  is a coffee shop named Clowns. It serves Italian food and has a customer rating of average.
With a customer rating of 5 out of 5, The Eagle is a French restaurant.
Moderately priced pub, near Rainbow Vegetarian Café in the riverside area is called The Golden Palace.
Near The Portland Arms is a restaurant The Punter which has a price range of less than £20 named The Punter which is not so much family-friendly
Alimentum is an Italian restaurant near Yippee Noodle Bar in the city centre. It has moderate prices and a 1 out of 5 rating.
Aromi is a coffee shop in the riverside area that is family-friendly, offers fast food. options, but has low customer ratings.
Alimentum is a family-friendly, well priced English restaurant along the riverside.
The restaurant Browns Cambridge provides French food and has an average customer rating. The price range is less than £20.
Cotto is a cheap Italian coffee shop near The Portland Arms in the city centre.  It has an average customer rating.
The Cambridge Blue Pub which is located near Café Brazil has Chinese food in moderate price range.
Blue Spice is a high priced fast food restaurant in the riverside area.
The Waterman offers Italian food with a price range between £20-25.  It has high customer rating and there is no kids area. It is located in the riverside.
In the riverside area there is a pub named Giraffe that is not family-friendly.
The Rice Boat is located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café. It has a low customer rating and a price range of more than £30.
Near the city centre is an expensive pub called The Mill.
There's a coffee shop that has Fast food with a high customer rating. Its called The Eagle and it's on the river side by Burger King. It's family friendly but expect to pay around 30 Euros.
Cocum, a family-friendly coffee shop is serving Italian food. They have a moderate price range, are kid friendly, and have a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Zizzi is a family friendly pub serving Indian food.  It has a low customer rating.
With prices starting with 30  £  and rated 5 out of 5, The Eagle impress with the riverside view.
For £20-25, The Waterman offers fast food in the city center. Highly rated but not kids friendly.
The Olive Grove located in the city centre is a non child friendly pub in the price range of more than 30.
Located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café, Strada is a high rated Italian restaurant costing more than £30. It is not child friendly.
The Dumpling Tree is a pub offering Indian Food, it is child friendly and it is located near The Portland Arms.
The Plough is a family friendly restaurant  near The Bakers with a high price range.
The Cambridge Blue is a lowly rated city centre restaurant serving fast food.
The Rice Boat provides Chinese food in the moderate price range. It has a customer range of 3 out of 5. It is located in riverside near Express by Holiday Inn. It is kids friendly.
If  you are looking for Fast food in a child friendly location the Loch Fyne restaurant is ideal
There is a French, kids friendly restaurant named Cotto near Ranch that has high customer ratings.
Cocum is a cheap and family friendly coffee shop also offering fast-food, it has an average customer rating
For a coffee shop that's family-friendly, check out the Giraffe near The Bakers. The customer rating is average and the prices are cheap.
Clowns' coffee shop is located by the riverside at Clare Hall. The food served is Japanese and it has a low rating of 1 out of 5.
There is a Chinese pub called Giraffe on the riverside and yes it is kids friendly
The Rice Boat is a restaurant in the city centre that serves Japanese food in a non-family-friendly environment.  They have earned a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Rice Boat serves expensive Japanese food in the city centre near Express by Holiday Inn.  It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 and is not child friendly.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop providing take-away deliveries in the medium price range. It is located close to the city center. and has a superb view across the river.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop, that offers Chinese food with fair prices. They have 3 stars and is located in the city center.
Fast food coffee shop The Golden Palace, near the riverside, is being rated one out of five because of the moderate pricing.
The Punter is a coffee shop near Café Sicilia that offers low priced fare and is family friendly.
The Rice Boat is Family friendly Fast food less than  £20 and low customer Rating near to Express by Holiday Inn. It is located in riverside
The Cricketers is a family friendly pub. Low rating near the Ranch.
The Wrestlers is a high customer rating Japanese food with price ranging from £20-£25, however is not kids friendly.
Wildwood has high customer ratings and is in the normal price range. They are located near the coffee shop Ranch.
Low rated Japanese food pub called The Waterman is located in city centre.
There is a cheap coffee shop called The Dumpling Tree located in the riverside area near Café Sicilia. It is not family friendly.
Located near the Ranch, Cotto serves Indian food and is child friendly. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Taste of Cambridge is a French coffee shop bear Crowne Plaza Hotel in Riverside, though it is not family-friendly.
Wildwood is a coffee shop with a three star rating and a low price point. It serves pasta, and can be found near Ranch.
By the riverside and The Rice Boat, there is a French eatery called Loch Fyne. It is not the best.
Children are welcome at Wildwood restaurant.
There is an Italian restaurant located in Riverside called The Phoenix whose rating is high.
The Rice Boat is a kids friendly Japanese food place with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and a moderate price range. it is the city centre near the Express by Holiday Inn.
Blue Spice is a coffee shop near Avalon in the high price range. It is located in the city riverside 1 out of 5 customer rating and children friendly yes
The Golden Curry serves Fast food near The Bakers and is family friendly and has a cheap price range
There is a moderately priced Indian restaurant, The Waterman, which is kids-friendly and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5, located in the city centre.
The Mill coffee shop, cheap fast food on the riverfront, near The Sorrento.
The Cambridge Blue is a pub with fast food less than 20 near Café Brazil.
The Waterman is a  £20 or less French, family-friendly place with an average rating. its located in the city centre
Green Man has amazing English food for sale at moderate prices. Located in the city centre near All Bar One, and no kids allowed.
The Phoenix is located by the river and serves fast food. It has a mid price range with a one star rating.
The Plough is a pub which serves English food for high prices. It is located near Café Rouge and it is not children friendly.
In the riverside area, a children-friendly option for French food is Alimentum which costs over 30 pounds.
Costing more than £30, Blue Spice is located in the city centre. It is not kid friendly and has a low customer rating.
The Golden Curry is a Fast food restaurant located in the city centre near Café Rouge.  It is not a family-friendly restaurant with a low customer rating.
A children friendly place near The Six Bells, is The Golden Curry.
The Twenty Two is a kid friendly place that provides Italian food and is located in riverside.
Located in the city centre, Giraffe is a family-friendly pub that serves English cuisine.
There is an Italian coffee shop called Fitzbillies that is child-friendly. It is located by the riverside has high customer ratings and its prices range from £30.
Near riverside and The Sorrento, Browns Cambridge serves Indian food and is children-friendly.
The Punter is not family-friendly, but it has a price rage of less than £20.  It is located near The Portland Arms in city centre.
The Rice Boat is a low priced restaurant providing tradition English breakfast. Family friendly located near Express by Holiday Inn
At a price range of more than £30, the coffee shop Cotto in riverside serves Fast food near The Portland Arms and has a high customer rating.
The Green Man is a Family friendly Chinese food restaurant in the city centre that is less than £20 and near All Bar One.
The Rice Boat, located in the riverside area, is a restaurant that is regarded highly by its customers for its family friendly atmosphere and tasty Chinese food.
Browns Cambridge provides Chinese food in the cheap price range. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
The Twenty Two is a restaurant that serves British-style breakfast near the river. Families are not allowed.
The Waterman received a high customer rating and the price range is more than 30 pounds.  This child friendly fast food restaurant is in the riverside area.
In Riverside, The Olive Grove is a pub that serves Italian food. It is family friendly and its price range is less than  £20.
Green Man is a Japanese restaurant in the city centre near All Bar One, and is best suited for customers without children. restaurant prices range is less than £20.
The Waterman is a not-for-kids Indian restaurant in Riverside that has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and moderate prices
A child friendly Indian restaurant called The Wrestlers is in the high price range and rated average by its customers.
Located near All Bar One is a low-priced 3 star restaurant called the Midsummer House.
The Rice Boat near Express by Holiday Inn in riverside serves a £20-25 price range Japanese food .
Customers rated a Chinese restaurant called The Cambridge Blue as average.
Clowns has a 3 out of 5 customer rating serving French food in a coffee shop setting near Clare Hall in the riverside area.
Strada with a low rating and price range less than £20 is not family-friendly.
Alimentum is a pricey Indian restaurant with average ratings. It's near Yippee Noodle Bar, in the city centre.
There is French restaurant called Fitzbillies near The Six Bells  with items in the  £20-25 price range.
Located on the riverside, The Rice Boat serves traditional English cuisine.
The Waterman serves English food and has a moderate price range. It is kid friendly. The customer Rating is 1 out of 5.
The Midsummer House is a mid-priced restaurant with bad reviews near All Bar One.
The Olive Grove pub is in the City center. and is low priced. It also serves meals.
There is a children friendly Japanese coffee shop called The Wrestlers which is located near Raja Indian Cuisine in riverside. The price range is more than £30.
Giraffe is a pub serving Italian food. It is family-Friendly and located riverside.
Riverside has an average priced pub near Rainbow Vegetarian Café named The Golden Palace.
There is a pub in riverside that has Chinese food for less than £20  called The Olive Grove. It is not family friendly.
Italian The Golden Curry is kids friendly.  It is near Café Rouge.  Customer rating is high.
There is a restaurant, located in riverside, that is called The Waterman. It has a 3 out of 5 rating, and is a pub serving Japanese food.
A one star restaurant called The Golden Curry offers a variety of food not suitable for families.
The Twenty Two is a highly rated restaurant on the Riverside, near The Rice Boat. It offers average prices and features a high customer rating, however it is not recommended for kids.
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop serving Fast food with an average customer rating situated near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area.
Alimentum serves fast food in the city centre near Yippee Noodle Bar with cheap food and average customer ratings.
The restaurant Loch Fyne serves Chinese food, is kid friendly and has a moderate price range.
Cheap Italian food is served at the conveniently located Midsummer House, near All Bar One
The Blue Spice serves French food. It has a moderate price range and is near the city centre.
Loch Fyne provides Chinese food It is located in the riverside. It is near The Rice Boat. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
In the center of city, near All Bar One is located Green Man restaurant of Japanese food moderate price
This place is a nice pub with a  price range that is moderate also the food is Italian and the name is Wildwood and contains a very high rating with 3 out of 5 star reviews all across the board.
Midsummer House serves breakfast in the mid price range near All Bar One. It has fair customer reviews.
The Rice Boat is a child friendly French restaurant that by the riverside.
Browns Cambridge is a great coffee shop that serves French food. It near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area.
Green Man is an Indian food restaurant near riverside. and All Bar One. It is family-friendly and low-priced
For reasonable riverside, fast food. visit The Golden Palace coffee shop.
Alimentum offers Chinese food in the riverside area. It's children friendly, but it costs more than £30.
Browns Cambridge is an Indian by the riverside close to the Crowne Plaza Hotel  not suitable for families
A coffee shop named The Eagle sells Italian food  is not family-friendly and the price range is cheap with a customer rating 5 out of 5 located in riverside near Burger King
With a customer rating of 5 out of 5. Cocum is a children-friendly restaurant.
There is an Italian restaurant  with an average rating in the riverside area called The Rice Boat, please note this is not a family-friendly restaurant.
The Rice Boat has an average customer rating and high price range. It is located near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
The Cambridge Blue is a restaurant that provides Indian food Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
The Rice Boat has 5 out of 5 customer rating and is near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
Low rated Travellers Rest Beefeater located in the city centre near Café Adriatic.
In city centre is an averagely rated adult coffee shop called Aromi which serves French food.
In the city centre there is a low priced restaurant - The Waterman - which has been rated average by customers. It serves fast food, and it low priced.
The Waterman is an English-style pub with an excellent customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is located in the city centre.
Bibimbap House serves cheap English food by the riverside, near Clare Hall.
The Waterman is a pub serving Indian food. The customer rating is average and it is within the City Centre.
Cotto is a highly priced coffee shop located in the city centre. It offers Italian food and its located near The Portland Arms. Its rating is average.
Taste of Cambridge is a child friendly, fast food coffee shop. It is located by the Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area.
There is a Japanese restaurant named Loch Fyne that is kid friendly.
Midsummer House is a Chinese restaurant with high customer ratings and great price range located near All Bar One.
The Rice Boat is a not family-friendly restaurant, whit low price and Italian food, this restaurant is near Express by Holiday Inn and in the riverside area. but the rating is pretty low.
Fitzbillies near Express by Holiday Inn has a great customer rating , is kid friendly but has a high price  £30.
The Golden Curry, a mid-priced restaurant that offers wine, cheese platters, and fondue is not family accessible. The Bakers restaurant is the closest establishment.
Zizzi coffee Shop,  is an excellent Café restaurant very good attention
Strada is a family restaurant and very expensive.  It's close by the Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
Wildwood is an Indian coffee shop near Ranch. The customer rating is high and the price range is £20-25.
At the riverside, near to Café Sicilia, The Dumpling Tree is a child friendly coffee shop with a price range between £20-25.
The Waterman is a three star family friendly restaurant near the River and Chesterton Rd that is in the higher price range.
Alimentum is an Italian joint located new Yippee Noodle Bar in the city centre. Moderate price range, 1 out of 5 stars.
With high reviews and low costs, Midsummer House is located near All Bar One.
The Giraffe is a coffee shop near The Bakers.  It has good reviews, family friendly and is expensive.
In riverside there is a restaurant called The Golden Palace with an average customer rating.
The Cambridge Blue pub, near Café Brazil, has cheap and tasty Italian food to serve while you meet up with your chaps.
The Rice Boat is located in the city centre and is family friendly.  It serves Indian food and has an average customer rating.
The Punter is a coffee shop, in the high price range, offering Indian style cuisine.  It is rated  by customers a 1 out of 5 and offers a children friendly atmosphere near Café Sicilia.
Giraffe coffee shop is family friendly coffee shop.  We are near The Bakers.
Loch Fyne is a medium-priced Chinese restaurant, not kid friendly.
The Waterman is an Indian restaurant in riverside with a 1 out of 5 rating in a moderate price range. It is not kids friendly.
Located near riverside, The Waterman is a 5 out of 5 pub where you can eat Indian food.
The Cricketers is a coffee shop providing Indian food It is near The Portland Arms. Its customer rating is low.
Wildwood is a coffee shop providing Indian food in the high price range. It is near Ranch. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Alimentum is a cheap Italian restaurant. Located in the city centre near Yippee Noodle Bar, they are rated 5 out of 5.
Italian coffee shop The Punter offers a price range of more than £30 with a high customer rating. It is not children friendly and is located near Café Sicilia.
There is a venue that serves Chinese food in riverside called Bibimbap House. Its prices are above average and it is located near Clare Hall.
Clowns, an Italian coffee shop, is located in the riverside area near Clare Hall. This spot has a one out of five customer rating.
The Rice Boat restaurant has an average customer rating that services French good that is in City Centre near Express by Holiday Inn and is not family-friendly and has a price range of less than £20.
The Rice Boat It It offers a very nice trips a few prices Located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café
The Rice Boat is a English style restaurant that is not kid friendly.  The customer rating is 5 out of 5, and is located in city centre.
Located near the Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre is a coffee shop named Taste of Cambridge.  They serve Japanese food and are not family-friendly.
There is a cheap restaurant The Rice Boat located on the riverside near Express by Holiday Inn.
In the city centre there is a coffee shop called Zizzi which offers low quality food at a cheap price.
Located in the City centre, in close proximity to fast food outlet Burger King, you will come across The Eagle, a kids friendly coffee shop serving Italian cuisine.  With a customer rating of 1 out of 5, prices fall into the moderate price range for this establishment.
If you want something in the city centre, near Express by Holiday Inn, 'The Rice Boat' is your thing. The place is children-friendly, but the price range is quite high. It has not become a very popular choice since the customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Located on the riverside near Burger King, The Eagle is a coffee shop that also serves Indian food. With a moderate price range and a customer rating of 3 out of 5, it is also a kid friendly place.
The Golden Curry serves Italian food. It is children Friendly with an average customer rating.
Bibimbap House restaurant offers a variety of food and drinks located close to Clare Hall.
The Phoenix at riverside costs less than £20 serves English food has a low rating
The Twenty Two riverside restaurant gate English good food.
Near the river is Alimentum, a cheap Sushi restaurant, suitable for adults only.
The Cricketers coffee shop, near The Portland Arms, also serves fine food and is for the whole family.
The Green Man is a family-friendly eatery serving French food. It is located near All Bar One in the centre of the city. Typical prices are less than twenty pounds.
The Rice Boat in riverside is an average rated restaurant, it serves Japanese food.
Near Yippee Noodle Bar on the riverside, Alimentum has a low rating but serves Japanese food for more than £30.
The Clowns coffee shop has a 3out of 5 rating and is located near Clare Hall.
Cotto is an All Bar One in Riverside that you can enjoy the atmosphere for less than £20.
Fitzbillies, a Japanese coffee shop, is the in the center of the city, with a rating of 3 out of 5. It is not kid friendly and has a price range of l20-15.
A French food serving restaurant called The Twenty Two is family-friendly.
Located near Ranch, Wildwood is a Japanese coffee shop rated 5 out of 5. Prices are typically more than £30.
The Dumpling Tree is a pub that serves French food around The Portland Arms and is family friendly
Fitzbillies, near Express by Holiday Inn, is family friendly. Prices are less than £20 and it has an average customer rating.
The Rice Boat is a high-priced restaurant which is family friendly. It offers wines and cheeses. It is rated 3 stars and is located in the City centre near the Express by Holiday Inn.
Midsummer House is an expensive, average rated Chinese restaurant near All Bar One.
For a cheap riverside Japanese coffee shop that has a customer rating of 5 out of 5, go to The Golden Palace
Near The Six Bells is an Italian restaurant called Fitzbillies in the higher price range.
In the city center area near Burger King is a child friendly French food coffee shop in the high price range named The Eagle and was given a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Vaults is a high priced, non-child friendly English restaurant.
Bibimbap House is a cheap fast-food joint near Clare Hall in the riverside area.
The Twenty Two is located by The Rice Boat in the city centre. It is not kid friendly, but is in the price range of £20-25.
A nice Japanese restaurant in the riverside area would be Aromi.
The Plough is pub serving moderate price English food in a kids-friendly atmosphere located near Café Rouge.
5 out of 5 customer Rating, Aromi is by the riverside, serves French food and is also a coffee shop
The Japanese restaurant, The Wrestlers, is not child-friendly, has received low ratings and costs more than £30.
In riverside near Clare Hall is Bibimbap House which serves Italian food and has a price of more than £30.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop with a family-friendly atmosphere.  They serve Italian food and are located near the Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre.  They have a low customer rating.
The moderately priced Cotto is near the city centre and All Bar One.
The Phoenix restaurant, on a low budget, with unbelievable great Indian food, approved  by everybody
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop offering Indian food.  It has an average customer rating and is not family friendly.  It is located in the riverside area near the Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Browns Cambridge has a moderate price range for English food. The rating is 3 out of 5.
Near The Rice Boat in riverside, there is an organization called The Twenty Two. They have earned a 5 out of 5 rating ever since they made more than £30 and switched to not be child friendly.
Green Man offers family friendly fast food from 20-25. It is located on the riverside near All Bar One.
An adult restaurant named The Twenty Two has fast food.
The Olive Grove is an English Style pub in the low price range just north of the City Centre. No Public restrooms available.
Browns Cambridge is a nice place for inexpensive food and drinks.
Aromi is a Japanese coffee shop located in the city centre. It is not a family-friendly place and has an average customer rating.
Kid friendly, French food priced around £20-25 at The Vaults.
The Eagle is a coffee shop which serves Indian food, high prices, customer rating 1 out of 5, location city centre near Burger King, sorry no children
Fitzbillies is a moderately priced coffee shop serving fast foods located in the city centre. It is not kid friendly and has a low customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Waterman is a child friendly Chinese restaurant in the city Centre area. Its price range in moderate and is rated 3 of 5 stars.
Clowns is a coffee shop located near Clare Hall in riverside, which serves Italian food. It has an excellent customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a low priced fast food restaurant suitable for all ages.
Riverside-area coffee shop Clowns, near Clare Hall,  serves Italian food to a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Golden Curry offering a family friendly environment serving English food, has a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
Cocum is a cheap French coffee shop with a 5 out of 5 rating but is not family-friendly.
A restaurant with average reviews for less than £20 is Taste of Cambridge.
The fast food coffee shop, Cocum, is family friendly and is high priced with an average rating.
With a customer rating of 5 out of 5, Cocum is a family friendly restaurant.
The Wrestlers is a kids friendly restaurant that serves Japanese cuisine. Price ranges between £20-25 with customer rating of 3 out of 5.
There is a fast food restaurant called The Twenty Two.  It is child friendly.
The Wrestlers is an average-priced coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine, by the river. Kids welcome.
The Punter is a coffee shop providing Indian food in the high price range. It is near Café Sicilia. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
There is a coffee Shop called Clowns that has average Indian food. It is located at the city center near Clare Hall.
By the riverside Fitzbillies fast food coffee shop caters for children, high end prices range with customer rating of 1 out of 5.
In the cheap price range, try The Mill. It is a Fast food pub in the Riverside area.
The Punter is a coffee shop that serves sushi and is family friendly. It it located near Café Sicilia.
Strada is an Indian restaurant which is cheap. It has an average customer rating and it is not family friendly. It is located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café
There is a cheap restaurant named The Phoenix serves Indian food with low ratings. It is located at the riverside.
The Waterman has English food it is kids friendly and is near Crowne Plaza Hotel because you are obviously coming
The Zizzi pub is Kids Friendly.  It offers Indian food.  The customer Rating is 1 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge is a restaurant that serves sushi and is the mid price range.
The Rice Boat is a fast food place in the city centre near Express by Holiday Inn which is in the high price range and has a average customer rating  it is not child friendly
The Waterman Indian isn't family friendly and is rated low by customers. It's less than £20 and is by the riverside.
Wildwood serves Italian food in a pub atmosphere for tourists on a budget.
The Rice Boat is a family friendly fast food option, next to the river.
For all it's average customer rating, The Golden Curry in Riverside serves English food and is family friendly. It is located near Café Rouge.
Wildwood is a pub that serves Indian food in the price range of 20-25 pounds. It has high customer ratings.
Close to The Rice Boat in the riverside area is Bibimbap House. It serves Japanese food.
Near All Bar One is Cotto, near the city centre and has a moderate price range.
There's a family friendly place called Fitzbillies, near the Express by Holiday Inn.  It's pretty comparable to places around and the price range is under 20 pounds.
The Dumpling Tree is a kids friendly pub serving Japanese food. It is located near The Portland Arms.
The Wrestlers serves medium-priced Indian food and coffee in the city centre. It's by Raja Indian Cuisine. Don't bring your kids.
Alimentum provides Chinese food in the high price range. It is located in the riverside. It is near Yippee Noodle Bar. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Eagle in Riverside is a coffee Shop  located near Burger King is child friendly, has a 5 out of 5 customer rating serves Japanese food and costs more than £30.
The Vaults is a high price range Japanese restaurant. It is child-friendly.
The Golden Curry is family friendly and offers Chinese food with a 5 out of 5 rating. It is located in the city centre near Café Rouge.
For French food, visit The Vaults restaurant.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop that serves Italian food. The price range is high but it is children-friendly. It is located near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area.
Near Ranch, there is an expensive, one-star coffee shop serving sushi called Wildwood.
A pub located near Café Rouge is called The Plough.  The pub has fast food, and is family friendly, but the prices are high.
Italian food can be found at the coffee shop Fitzbillies. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5,is not kids-friendly,  and is in the city centre area.
The Dumpling Tree is a cheap restaurant of Italian food.
Cotto provides Indian food It is near Ranch. Its customer rating is average.
The Golden Curry is an averagely rated establishment serving French food. This adult establishment can be found in the city centre near Café Rouge.
in the riverside area of the city near The Sorrento you can find The Mill, The Mill is a French coffee shop with prices starting at more than £30
The Golden Curry welcomes families of all ages who are looking to enjoy Indian cuisine. This establishment received an AVERAGE customer rating.
Aromi is a coffee shop that is family friendly serving Japanese food close to the riverside with a low customer rating
Browns Cambridge is a Italian restaurant with a moderate price and a rating 3 out of 5
Fitzbillies is a low-priced restaurant in The Six Bells that is a spaghetti food .
The Plough is a pub serving Italian food near to Café Rouge. The price range is about average and kids are welcome.
The Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop which serves Indian food. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It can be found near Crowne Plaza Hotel within the City Centre. It is family friendly.
Cotto is an affordable place located on the riverside near All Bar One
Midsummer House Is An English Café. It Is Located Near Café Rouge. It Has A Customer Rating of 3 out of 5.
The Rice Boat provides Indian food in the high price range. It is located in the riverside. It is near Express by Holiday Inn. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
There is a cheap coffee shop Fitzbillies with a five-star rating located near the river. It serves Italian food and is family-friendly.
Theres a pub called The Waterman just outside City centre.
The Taste of Cambridge is a riverside French coffee shop known for its popularity with kids. It is located near the Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Midsummer House is an Indian food restaurant near All Bar One that has high customer ratings and a high price range.
In the Riverside area, there is a coffee shop which serves Italian food, the customer rating is 3 out of 5, the price range is moderate  by the name of The Golden Palace.
There is a Friendly kids called The Vaults serving English food moderate average.
The Phoenix, which is rated 1 out of 5, serves moderately priced Japanese food at the riverside.
A place that has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and serves Japanese food is The Eagle.
Wildwood pub is serves burgers and is affordable.
Wildwood is an average rated pub with English food.
The Dumpling Tree restaurant serves Italian food. The price range is moderate.
The Mill which is Italian pub that costs a moderate amount is in riverside.
This 1 star family coffee shop right off the river is called Fitzbillies.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop that offers French food. Customer ratings are low. It is located in the city center. Prices are less than £ 20
In the riverside area there is Zizzi. A average rated, high priced coffee shop, and yes it's kid friendly,
If you are in the riverside area, Zizzi is an adult oriented coffee shop with a low customer rating and a low price range of less than £20.
Wildwood, a Japanese restaurant, is an affordable place to eat if you are looking for a quick bite.
Wildwood is a restaurant located on Ranch, food is very good
Strada is a cheap, low rated French restaurant. It is family-friendly and located near to Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
There is a cheap coffee shop Cotto with a 5 out of 5 customer rating that serves Indian food in riverside. They are located near The Portland Arms.
The Twenty Two is an English restaurant. It is kid friendly.
Loch Fyne is an English restaurant that is kid friendly, and has a price range of £20-25.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly, Japanese pub, with a low customer rating and prices less than £20.
Cocum is a moderately priced restaurant serving pasta.  It is family friendly.
French food is not family-friendly. The Wrestlers is a cheap alternative option with customers rating it as a 5 out of 5.
Strada is a restaurant rated 1 out of 5 by the customers.
At the end of the city is a high priced fast food restaurant called Alimentum.
Browns Cambridge serves English food and is family friendly, it is situated in the riverside area near The Sorrento.
The Olive Grove is a pub on the river meant for families, with a high price range.
With a high price range and customer rating of 1 out of 5, The Wrestlers is a non kid friendly English restaurant.
The Rice Boat provides Chinese food in the £20-25 price range. It is located in the riverside. It is near Express by Holiday Inn. Its customer rating is high.
The Waterman is a pub downtown that serves Indian food but isn't well rated by customers.
The Waterman is a centrally located pub serving English food. It has a low customer rating.
with a high price range the Japanese coffee shop called Cocum the children friendly place has a 3 out of 5 customer rating
The Golden Palace in city centre  is a coffee shop with high ratings and prices of more than £30 that serves fast food as well.
Near Burger King near the riverside is The Eagle Indian food coffee shop.  It has a high price range with average customer ratings.  It is not kid friendly.
There is a Chinese restaurant called Midsummer House near Café Rouge, which has an average customer rating.
Cheap 1 star oriental cuisine for a low price. Midsummer House close to All Bar One.
Midsummer House, located near Café Rouge, has a high customer rating and serves Indian food.
Cotto in Riverside near All Bar One has a moderate price range.
The Clowns has a average customer rating in the riverside are less than £20 price range pub.
The Mill serves cheap Italian food and is located in the riverside area.
The Phoenix has Italian food and it is riverside. 1 out of 5 customer rates it.
The Eagle is a family friendly coffee shop near Burger King by a riverside in the City centre, with a high price range and low customer rating.
The Golden Palace is a French coffee shop located in the city centre. Their food is average priced and have a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Olive Grove is a restaurant in Cambridge. The Olive Grove is near the river. The Olive Grove is not for families.
The Italian restaurant named Bibimbap House is located near Clare Hall with high priced food in riverside.
The customer rating is low, but pay less than £20 at Fitzbillies, a Japanese Food coffee Shop, that is family friendly  is located in Riverside.
Blue Spice coffee shop is in the riverside area near Avalon  and is family friend with prices less then 20  low customer rating
A restaurant called Midsummer House is located near All Bar One. It has a rating of 3 out of 5.
There is an expensive coffee shop that serves Indian food near to Café Sicilia, called The Punter.  It is not family friendly and has received average customer ratings.
The Cocum is a reasonable priced pub rated one star.  It is not family friendly.
Alimentum is an Italian restaurant located near Yippee Noodle Bar in the city centre. The customer rating is high and has food for 30 euros and up.
Giraffe is a pub that provides Chinese food It is located in the riverside.
Cotto is a Chinese restaurant located near Ranch.  Kid  friendly.
A Fast food coffee shop is called The Mill.  It is in the city centre near The Sorrento and has a high price range.
Strada is a high rated kids friendly restaurant of the price range of 20-25 pounds.
The Rice Boat, a high price ranged Japanese restaurant in riverside near Express by Holiday Inn has a 3 out of 5 customer rating and is child friendly.
The Dumpling Tree is a restaurant serving Italian food and has a price range of £20-25.
For English food in the moderate price range, Browns Cambridge has an average customer rating of 3 out of 5.
For best French food just visit Loch Fyne very near to The Rice Boat. it is a best place to eat  food
The Phoenix is a 4 star sushi place. It is located near City centre.
Clowns for more than £30 . Near:  Café Sicilia. Children Friendly: yes.
The Golden Curry, with a customer rating of average, serves Indian food. It is located in riverside, near Café Rouge and is also children friendly.
Low rated The Phoenix serves Indian food in riverside.
Browns Cambridge. yes. French. The Sorrento. riverside
The Cocum is a family-friendly coffee shop with a moderate price range and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Waterman is rated 1 out of 5 by customers, but it's a moderately-priced kid friendly French restaurant in the riverside area.
The Golden Curry located in riverside serves Chinese food.  Average customer rating is 1 out of 5 and it is located near Café Rouge.
The Rice Boat is a family-friendly venue serving Italian food at reasonable prices, it is sited in Luton near Express by Holiday Inn, is not recommended.
The Travellers Rest Beefeater is an adult only cheat restaurant.
There is a pub named Strada near Yippee Noodle Bar. It has a high customer rating and serves Chinese food.
City Centre location, not recommended for families and with a low customer rating, The Cocum.
The Vaults is a kids-friendly French restaurant with a price range from £20 to £25.
The Rice Boat restaurant serves cheap Chinese food that is rated 5 out of 5. The family friendly restaurant is located in city centre near the Express by Holiday Inn.
Fitzbillies coffee shop offers healthy food for kids and is around from the riverside and has a high customer rating and is average priced.
The Wrestlers serves fast food, cheap price, family friendly, with a average customer rating.
The moderately priced French food restaurant, The Rice Boat, has an average rating of 1 out of 5 perhaps as it is not friendly to kids.  The Rice Boat is located in the city centre area near Express by Holiday Inn,
The Golden Palace is a 5 out of 5 rated restaurant located in riverside.
The Punter Indian restaurant is higher than £30.
Located near The Six Bells is a Fast food restaurant named Fitzbillies which is in the £20-25 price range.
The Waterman in the city centre serves French food with 5 out of 5 and is child friendly and is more than £30
Cocum is a coffee shop which offers Japanese food without a children friendly atmosphere with a high price range. It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The restaurant The Golden Palace has a price range more than  £30.
Customers have rated Browns Cambridge as 1 out of 5, it sells Indian food at a high price range.
Pub food at below average prices is served at The Olive Grove by the riverside. It does not cater for children.
Highly rated Strada is a pub serving Chinese food. It's located near Yippee Noodle Bar.
An Italian eatery called The Wrestlers has a high customer rating.  Their prices range between £20-25 but they are not known as kid friendly.
Browns Cambridge provides Indian food in the high price range. Its customer rating is average.
Bibimbap House in city centre near The Rice Boat, has French food.
Located near Clare Hall and by the riverside, Bibimbap House serves English food more than £30.
Wildwood is a mid priced pub offering appetizers
The Phoenix is a restaurant located in riverside. It serves French food and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Phoenix is a restaurant providing fast food at mid-range prices. It has a five star rating.
The 1 star mid-priced restaurant called Strada is located near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café and is family friendly.
In city centre, near Café Rouge, is family-friendly The Golden Curry, serving fast food. They have a low customer rating.
The Rice Boat is situated in the city center not far from Express by Holiday Inn.  This Italian restaurant is rated high and  caters for families. Prices start from £30.
The Punter.  French food and drink.  Medium cost
The Blue Spice, which is not family-friendly, scored an average rating. They are located near the riverside and their prices are not less than £20.
5 out of 5 rated Japanese coffee house, The Golden Palace, serves food for more than 30 and is located on the riverside.
The Wrestlers is an eatery where you can enjoy Indian  cuisine in the £20-25 price range and has earned a high customer rating, plus it's also a kids friendly establishment.
There is a Chinese pub in the moderate price range. It is named Wildwood and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
In the city centre near All Bar One, there is a family-friendly place called Green Man. It serves Japanese food and has a price range of less than £20.
The Golden Curry is near Café Rouge and in the riverside area. It is family friendly, serves English food, with a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
Wildwood is a pub that serves sushi that has a 3 star rating and average price range
In riverside is The Rice Boat which is a Japanese place near Express by Holiday Inn that is children Friendly with a 3 out of 5 rating and a high price range.
The Olive Grove is a pub type Italian restaurant that is not kid friendly with moderate prices. They are located in city centre.
In the center of city is located a restaurant rating in 5of5 with cheap prices called The Phoenix
Look no further than The Golden Curry if you are seeking a high quality family dining experience.
The Dumpling Tree is a children friendly pub serving French food near The Portland Arms.
The Wrestlers is a highly priced coffee shop that provides Indian food. It is located in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is children friendly.
The Bibimbap House close to Clare Hall high priced food and wine
The Waterman is a moderately priced Indian restaurant. it is not kid friendly.
There is an Italian restaurant located by the riverside, near to Express by Holiday Inn. It is called The Rice Boat and has a high customer rating with a price range of £20-25. It is not child-friendly.
The Midsummer House has cheap Chinese food near All Bar One. It has an average customer rating.
Near The Portland Arms, The Cricketers is a family-friendly coffee shop with low customer ratings that serves French food.
Cotto, located near The Portland Arms, is a one star, medium price range coffee shop that serves wine and cheese.
Alimentum is a high priced Italian restaurant in the Riverside area and is not child friendly
A riverside area restaurant with cheap food and an average customer rating is called The Eagle.
High cost restaurant called The Cambridge Blue offers fishes of French food
There is a restaurant near Café Adriatic with low customer rating located in Riverside called, Travellers Rest Beefeater. The price range is more than £30.
The Alimentum which is located at riverside near Yippee Noodle Bar is a favorite among customers who loves French food. With a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and an high price range.
One kid friendly, moderately priced fast food venue is The Wrestlers.  It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Rice Boat offers Fast food for kids Friendly located in riverside.
The Golden Curry is a moderately priced, kid-friendly restaurant, located near The Bakers.
Strada is a pub with Japanese good near Yippee Noodle Bar with a customer rating of 5 out of 5
Bibimbap House is serving Chines food near The Rice Boat in the City center.
There is Chinese restaurant called The Golden Curry located near Café Rouge. It is child friendly and has average ratings.
Located in Riverside with a customer rating of 3 out of 5, is Aromi, a child-friendly pub.
A one star moderately priced sushi restaurant called Browns Cambridge
Strada is an Indian food restaurant with a 3 out of 5 customer rating, moderate price ranges, and is kid friendly, located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
If you happen to be near riverside be sure to stop in at Aromi. Aromi is a child friendly coffee ship offering fast food.
The Twenty Two close to The Rice Boat is cheap in price and has an excellent customer review of 5 out of 5, it is also close to the riverside area but do not cater for children.
The Waterman is moderately priced and serves Indian food near Riverside.
There is a place near Yippee Noodle Bar that has Italian food, it is called Alimentum. They have a high customer rating. It is located in Riverside.
The Eagle serves Italian food. I has a rating of 1 out of 5.
The Midsummer House is my favorite restaurant. They have great food and is located near All Bar One.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop that also serves great Japanese food at a cheap price,it's located on the riverside.
Loch Fyne is a family friendly restaurant in town that serves expensive food.
Strada has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. The prices are cheap and it is kid friendly.
Near Café Sicilia is a riverside pub with a high customer rating: The Twenty Two.  The Rice Boat serves fast food in the riverside area.  It is family friendly but has a low customer rating.
The Eagle, is a fast food coffee shop - not child friendly, with a high price range and average customer rating in the Riverside area, near Burger King
The Waterman is a highly rated restaurant located in the city centre. They serve Italian food costing more than £30 in a non-child friendly environment.
Blue Spice serves Indian food at moderate prices in riverside.
Wildwood is an expensive coffee shop serving high quality food next to Ranch.
The Phoenix is a 5 stars restaurant, located near the river
The Plough is a pub near the Café Rouge.  Is serves food at mid range prices and is family friendly.
Wildwood is not a family-friendly restaurant.
There is a Japanese food serving restaurant with a rating of 3 out of 5 in the city centre called The Phoenix.
French pub Strada is located near Yippee Noodle Bar with rating 1 out of 5.
The Eagle is a Fast food coffee shop located at the centre of the city, near the Burger King. The Eagle offers a children-free atmosphere, and the prices range more than £30. Rated high.
North of the City center. is a sushi restaurant called Blue Spice.
Fitzbillies is a Japanese restaurant with a low customer rating in the riverside area. The price range is less than 20.
Located near The Rice Boat  in riverside, is Loch Fyne. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 and offers English food.
There is a cheap restaurant Alimentum  located in the centre of the city that provides Italian foods in the price less that £20 but it is not family-friendly.
If you are looking for Indian food for less than  £20, go to the family friendly The Vaults.
There is a high customer rating restaurant The Cambridge Blue and they serve Italian food.
There is a coffee shop located in the city centre by Avalon called Blue Spice. It has a price range of 20-25 pounds, with a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is not kid-friendly.
In the city is a restaurant called Zizzi.
There is a moderately priced family-friendly restaurant in the City centre called The Rice Boat that serves fast food. It is near Express by Holiday Inn and has a one-star rating.
The Cambridge Blue, is an English restaurant with a 3 of 5 star rating.
The Vaults serves Japanese, is kid friendly and the price range is moderate.
Near the Crown Plaza Hotel in Riverside there is a children friendly Japanese coffee shop called Taste of Cambridge.
The Dumpling Tree is a coffee shop in the medium price range.  It is located near Café Sicilia.
The Rice Boat is a children friendly Chinese restaurant with a high price range and a one star customer rating near the Express by Holiday Inn in the city centre.
The Rice Boat is a Chinese food restaurant located in the Riverside area with a customer rating of 3 out of 5, it is not kid friendly.
There is a restaurant called The Rice Boat that is located near the Express by Holiday Inn, riverside. They have a high price range but they are rated average by customers and children friendly.
If you're looking for a cheap, non family-friendly but 5 out of 5 rated Japanese restaurant, then come to Strada near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
The Rice Boat is near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café and the price range is moderate. It is rated 3 out of 5.
A child friendly coffee shop is The Eagle, near Burger King in the city centre. Priced around £20-25, they serve French food, and are rated highly by customers.
The Twenty Two is child friendly and serves English food.  It's located on the riverside.
The Cambridge Blue pub offers moderately priced Chinese food and is near Café Brazil.
The Golden Palace serving moderately priced coffee in the park north of the city just by the river.
Near Café Adriatic in the riverside area are cheap prices at Travellers Rest Beefeater. Rated average
In the city centre, there is The Olive Grove, a children friendly expensive pub that serves French food.
If you want a meal that costs 20-25 try Travellers Rest Beefeater which is kid friendly.
The Waterman is a Fast food place near Crowne Plaza Hotel that is kid friendly.
Only high quality food is served at Wildwood Pub. This high-end establishment is a tasty local Italian restaurant.
Giraffe is a coffee shop that is family friendly and with a cheap price range. They have a customer rating of 5 out 5. Giraffe is located near The Bakers.
The Rice Boat will serve up Japanese food with in the £20-25 price range near the Express by Holiday Inn in riverside with a no children policy we have 3 out of 5 stars.
There's a pub called The Cambridge Blue near Café Brazil that serves Italian food. It costs more than 30 pounds to eat there.
Loch Fyne is an Indian restaurant. It is not family friendly with a price range of less than £20.
The Dumpling Tree is a Chinese pub that is family friendly near The Portland Arms.
Near Express by Holiday Inn is Fitzbillies which has a price range of more than 30 pounds. And yes it is children friendly.
Midsummer House is medium priced and rated three stars. It is close to All Bar One.
Near Yippee Noodle Bar in the city centre is Alimentum, an Italian restaurant with one star and a mid price range.
On the riverside is an adult only Japanese venue called The Rice Boat which has a high customer rating.
The Wrestlers is a highly rated Italian restaurant. It is not children friendly and prices are more than £30.
The Rice Boat Indian restaurant has a 5 out of 5 rating. The restaurant is located near riverside. It is a family-friendly shop.
Taste of Cambridge is a fast food coffee shop located in the city centre near the Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is not family-friendly.
Cocum is a kid friendly pub with a moderate price range and a 1 out of 5 customer rating.
The coffee shop The Dumpling Tree is in the moderate price range. It is located near Café Sicilia, in the city centre and family-friendly.
The Vaults is inexpensive, fast food. Children are not welcome at The Vaults.
There is a top rated customer Japanese restaurant called The Cambridge Blue
On the riverside, near The Sorrento, is a high priced Italian coffee shop named The Mill.
Zizzi is a three-star, family-friendly pub. It serves sushi.
Zizzi is a family-friendly pub serving Chinese food. It has an average customer rating
Near The Rice Boat, by the river, Loch Fyne is situated which serves Indian food and has been rated 3 out of 5 by customers.
Strada is an Indian restaurant located near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café. Strada is not a kid friendly restaurant despite this they have a high customer rating. Prices range from 20-25.
Clowns is a coffee shop serving Italian food. It is near Clare Hall in the city center and has a customer rating of average.
The kids friendly The Golden Curry serves Italian food is high rated.
The Mill is a cheap British pub located close to the riverside.
Wildwood is a French pub in the moderate price range. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Waterman is an inexpensive restaurant located in the city centre, it has great ratings but is not family friendly.
There is a coffee shop called Clowns in the riverside area near Clare Hall. It offers Fast food and is rated 5 out of 5.
Loch Fyne is a kids friendly restaurant offering Chinese food with a moderate price range.
There is a pub near The Portland Arms that serves wine and cheese called The Dumpling Tree. This is not a family-friendly pub.
The Dumpling Tree is a fast food restaurant.
Alimentum located near the Yippee Noodle Bar, offers a low priced restaurant experience.
Bibimbap House offers French cuisine and is located near The Rice Boat in the riverside area.
Expensively priced, children friendly, with an extremely high customer rating, Blue Spice is located in the riverside area.
There is a fast food restaurant named The Vaults.
Located near the Crowne Plaza Hotel, a family friendly restaurant serving Japanese cuisine is named The Waterman.
The Rice Boat serves fast food for less than £20.  it has a low customer rating and is not family-friendly.  it is located in riverside near the Express by Holiday Inn
Alimentum is a cheap Italian restaurant located in the  city centre near the Yippee Noodle Bar with a  customer rating 5 out of 5.
The Japanese food at The Eagle has been rated 5 out of 5
The Waterman serves Italian food and is family-friendly. It is located in the centre of the city. It has a price range of cheap and a customer rating of average.
Wildwood pub serves excellent, expensive Italian food.
The Phoenix serves Japanese food. Their price ranges from L20-25 and they have a customer rating of 3 out of 5. They are located at the city centre.
Alimentum is a 3-star restaurant located near Yippee Noodle Bar on the river to the north of the City centre serving moderately-priced Japanese cuisine.
Serving Italian food, The Waterman is near the Crown Plaza Hotel.   They are kid friendly.
Near Yippee Noodle Bar, along the riverside, you can find Alimentum, an expensive Chinese restaurant with a low customer rating.
The Eagle is a coffee shop located in the city centre near of Burger King that bring a service of Fast food
Loch Fyne near The Rice Boat at Riverside serves French Food with a 5 out of 5 customer rating
Suitable for all the family, visit Cocum coffee shop serving food and drinks.
The Punter is a moderate price range coffee shop near Café Sicilia,  They have fast food and is kids friendly with the customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Waterman is an expensive sushi restaurant located north of the City centre
Look for The Olive Grove in the riverside area. Children are welcome. The food served is French-styled, and the prices are typically between £20 and £25.
Wildwood is a coffee shop that sells Japanese food for high prices. It has a 3 star rating and is located near to the Ranch
The Golden Curry is a kids friendly Italian restaurant located in Riverside, near Café Rouge. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Eagle,  which is a coffee shop that is not kid friendly, is near Burger King and serves French food in the price range of £20-25 in the Riverside area. It has a high customer rating.
Located near Café Rouge The Plough English Pub is kid friendly and offers food under £25
Riverside has a cheap Japanese coffee shop called Fitzbillies. They are family friendly with average ratings.
With an average customer review, The Eagle is a coffee shop serving Indian food. If you would like to go, they are near Burger King in the city center. Keep in mind that it is expensive, but also children friendly.
There is a pub called Wildwood in Cambridge where sushi is available. The prices are above average.
The Punter is located near Café Sicilia. It is a fast food coffee shop with a low rating, costs less than 20, and is not family-friendly.
Aromi is a coffee shop located in city centre serving Italian food with an average customer rating. It is not family-friendly.
Located near Café Rouge, Midsummer House is an Indian restaurant which has been rated 5 out of 5 by their customers.
Taste of Cambridge is a low-priced restaurant. The customer ratings are low.
Loch Fyne serves English food by the river, near The Rice Boat. It has a 1 out of 5 customer rating.
The Waterman sells Indian food and is located in the city centre. It has a high customer rating and is kids friendly. It has an overall price range of £20 to £25.
Strada is a low price restaurant near Rainbow Vegetarian Café that serving French food with a customer Rating of 5 out of 5 but it's not family-friendly
On the riverside, there is a family friendly place called The Waterman that serves French food. It is a cheap priced place with a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
The Green Man pub features Italian food located in the city centre near Café Rouge.
The Golden Curry is a family friendly restaurant with a three star review.
Moderate priced Japanese restaurant rated 1 out of 5 by customers is The Phoenix in the city centre.
The Rice Boat is a five-star family venue serving cheese, wine, and soup, among other dishes. It is located by a river.
Cocum is a child friendly coffee shop that serves Indian food with a high price range. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Browns Cambridge has a one star rating and it is expensive.
Loch Fyne provides Chinese food It is located in the riverside. It is near The Rice Boat. Its customer rating is average.
The Twenty Two is a family place which serves French foods.
Children friendly Loch Fyne restaurant serves Italian cuisine of prestige price.
Giraffe public house on the river, mature dining.
The Golden Curry Japanese restaurant in Riverside has a low customer rating. It is children friendly and it is near Café Rouge.
The Waterman is a average-priced restaurant in the city centre that serves Chinese food.
Alimentum serving Chinese food, near Yippee Noodle Bar in the city centre area has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.  The price of this food is high.
There is a coffee shop called The Cricketers near The Portland Arms that serves Japanese food and is rated 5 out of 5. It's child friendly.
There is a kid friendly coffee shop in Riverside called Zizzi. It is high priced and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a family-friendly coffee shop in the city centre which serves Japanese food. It has a price range of less than £20 and has a low customer rating.
The Vaults coffee Shop is located north of the city center. and near Café Brazil.
The Rice Boat, a high end adult oriented Italian restaurant is located in Riverside near Express by Holiday Inn. Customer rating for this establishment is 1 out of 5.
There is a high-priced restaurant The Rice Boat located in the riverside near Express by Holiday Inn that serves Chinese food.
The Phoenix is a fast food restaurant with moderate reviews.  It is located next to the river.
The Olive Grove is an Italian food place that is kids friendly and a moderate price range.
There is a cheap restaurant near The Bakers called The Golden Curry. It serves sushi and is not family friendly.
Fitzbillies it's a  Indian food restaurant, the prices are cheap, and it is near The Six Bells
The Punter is a high priced establishment offering Italian cuisine.
If you are in riverside near Café Adriatic, check out Travellers Rest Beefeater with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and a high price range.
There is a lovely French restaurant named The Phoenix with a good price range, an average customer rating, and is located by the riverside.
Cocum is a 1 out of 5 rated pub. Cocum is very child friendly and priced at a moderate range.
Browns Cambridge is a 5 star restaurant that serves Indian food at a low price.
The Eagle near Burger King in city centre serves coffee and fast food with a high price range and is aimed towards adults.
The Golden Curry is a French restaurant with a medium price range. It's family friendly and is located near The Bakers.
The Waterman is a French restaurant located near the riverside, it has a price range of £20-£25 and a customer rating of 3 out of 5. This isn't a kid friendly restaurant.
The Rice Boat  is a Japanese  food restaurant located in the city centre, near the Express by Holiday Inn. It is children friendly, highly priced and poorly rated.
Bibimbap House serves Chines food in the city center near The Rice Boat.
The Cocum offers pub fare for a higher priced experience.
The Phoenix is a Fast food restaurant located in the riverside area, with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
On the riverside is a pub, The Waterman, which serves Indian food. It is rated one out of five stars by customers.
Aromi pub is located along the riverside and has customer ratings of 5 out of 5 and is also family friendly.
The Punter is a fast food coffee shop next to Café Sicilia that is family friendly.
The Waterman is a non family-friendly Japanese restaurant in the city centre with an average customer rating and price range of less than £20.
The pub called Zizzi offers Fast food and you can go there with your kids. It's highly rated.
For a restaurant that may serve British food Browns Cambridge is a medium priced restaurant to go to.
The Golden Curry near Café Rouge in the city centre serves English food, is adult oriented and has an average customer rating.
Customer rating of 1 out of 5 The Waterman is an English pub located in riverside.
Located in riverside, a pub named Aromi is a children-friendly pub that is rated 3 out of 5.
Located near the city centre is a low-priced 1 star restaurant called The Wrestlers. It is not family friendly.
Family friendly, riverside place The Rice Boat is rated five stars, and is family friendly. Serves Italian food.
Loch Fyne is a family friendly Japanese restaurant.
In riverside, The Eagle is a more than £30 price ranged place with a low rating.
With an average price point, Alimentum is a highly rated English restaurant in the city centre near Yippee Noodle Bar.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop serving Japanese food in the riverside area, which is family friendly with a price of less than £20. It has a low  customer rating.
Splurge on your usual favorites at Travellers Rest Beefeater, located at riverside by the Café Adriatic
Cocum is a cheap non family-friendly Italian coffee shop with an average customer rating.
The Wrestlers is a moderately priced, low reviewed Italian restaurant that welcomes families.
The Cricketers is a children friendly coffee shop found near The Portland Arms. Japanese food is available and it has a 3 out of 5 customer rating.
Japanese food is served at The Waterman which is in the riverside area. It is in the high price range, is children-friendly, and has a customer rating  of 3 out of 5.
Enjoy the riverside when you visit The Waterman; it unfortunately has been low-rated.
The Loch Fyne near The Rice Boat in the riverside area serves French food.  They have a 3 out of 5 rating.
Cotto is a family friendly Sushi restaurant that is 5 stars and near Ranch.
Cotto, with customer rating 1 out of 5, serves English food near Ranch and is children friendly.
The Rice Boat is a non children friendly English restaurant in the center of the city near Express by Holiday Inn with a high price range and a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Punter is a coffee shop providing Indian food in the more than £30 price range. It is near Café Sicilia. Its customer rating is high.
The Bibimbap House serves cheap Indian food and is located on the riverside near Clare Hall.
Loch Fyne located in city centre, near The Rice Boat. It has a low customer rating and serves English food.
The Wrestlers is a Japanese coffee shop in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is expensive and child friendly.
Strada is a restaurant with an average customer rating.
There is a family friendly pub called Cocum that is average rated within the cheap price range.
The Rice Boat provides Chinese food It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is high.
The Waterman located in the riverside area is a high prices Italian restaurant with an average customer rating and is not children friendly.
Located at Rainbow Vegetarian Café, Strada is family friendly and offers good full meal deals  including drinks.
The Twenty Two is a moderately expensive, family friendly restaurant located near The Rice Boat.
The Alimentum offers moderate pricing and Japanese cuisine. It is located in the city centre near Yippee Noodle Bar and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The moderately priced Wildwood is a three star pub.
There is a moderate priced restaurant in riverside near Burger King called The Eagle. It is an Indian coffee shop witch is not kid friendly and  has an average rating.
Located in the city centre is a family-friendly coffee shop called Zizzi with a price range of £20-25 and a high customer rating.
The Waterman sells Indian food for a high price in the riverside area. They have a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and are child friendly.
Clowns is a coffee shop located near Clare Hall, north  of the City Centre.
The Phoenix is a high-rated, expensive fast food place near the river.
The Wrestlers is a good coffee shop near to Raja Indian Cuisine. its kids friendly
The Golden Curry is providing Indian food in the  price range. It is located in the riverside. It is near Café Rouge. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
Near The Bakers is a moderately priced English food restaurant named The Golden Curry.
Near Café Sicilia, there is a high priced French coffee shop, with a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is not child friendly, and is called The Punter
The Plough is a child friendly, Indian pub with a high price range, located near the Café Rouge.
There is an expensive dine in restaurant called Alimentum close to The Yippee Noodle Bar that has decent reviews.
The Wrestlers is a French food restaurant with high price, 3/5 rating, and not kid friendly.
Bibimbap House in riverside near Clare Hall offer Japanese food with less than £20
A great pub for the whole family, Cocum is rated 5 stars.
The Golden Curry is a 5 star establishment serving British cuisine.
The Rice Boat sells Italian food for less than  £20. It is near Express by Holiday Inn in the city centre. It is not family-friendly and it has low customer ratings.
The Italian, The Rice Boat,  is not kid friendly  and near Express by Holiday Inn and riverside. With moderate pricing it is given a 1 out of 5.
The Golden Curry is located in the riverside area and sells Indian food. Although it has a low customer rating, The Golden Curry is family friendly. It is near Café Rouge in the riverside area.
For moderate prices near Rainbow Vegetarian Café, check out The Rice Boat. They were rated 1 out of 5
Located near The Portland Arms, The Cricketers is a coffee shop serving burgers and fries. It is family-friendly and has a one-star rating.
There is a coffee shop named Taste of Cambridge in the city centre that provides Indian food near Crowne Plaza Hotel and they are not family friendly.
Blue Spice is a kids friendly coffee shop located in the riverside area near Avalon. It has a price range of £20-25 and a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Bibimbap House provides Indian food in the cheap price range. It is located in the riverside. It is near Clare Hall.
Fitzbillies is a place that is child friendly, has high customer ratings,  and the prizes run over 30. They are located near Express by Holiday Inn.
if you want a city centre Japanese restaurant that isn't family-friendly and has a low customer rating, then visit The Golden Curry which is close to Café Rouge
The Waterman is a family friendly burger place near Crown Plaza Hotel.
Clowns is coffee shop near Clare Hall. Customers rate Clowns coffee shop as high. It serves Italian food and is placed at riverside area.
The Punter if a coffee shop with moderate prices, kid friendly and has Fast food near Café Sicilia.  3 out of 5 rating.
Cocum serves coffee and French food with cheap prices has a high rating but is not family-friendly.
on city centre there is a coffee shop that sells Italian named The Wrestlers food has a high price and close to Raja Indian Cuisine
The Dumpling Tree near The Portland Arms is a Fast food pub that is children friendly.
Blue Spice is a Chinese restaurant with prices less than £20 located on the riverside.
On the riverside there is a kids friendly Japanese pub called The Olive Grove with and average price range
There is an expensive Italian restaurant with a 1 out of 5 rating named Alimentum in Riverside, near the Yippee Noodle Bar.
near Clare Hall is the Clowns coffee shop and restaurant
There is a moderately priced restaurant called Travellers Rest Beefeater that is kid friendly.
For fast food near the Express by Holiday Inn in the riverside area, try The Rice Boat. This establishment is kids friendly and has been given a 1 out of 5 rating by previous customers.
Aromi is a family-friendly, average rated, French coffee shop, near riverside.
Strada is a non family-friendly, place with cheap and English food. Customers rate it average and it is close to the Rainbow Vegetarian Café
Enjoy French cuisine near The Rice Boat at Loch Fyne. It has a riverside view and a 5 out of 5 rating.
For a nice three star meal try the Midsummer House, situated near Café Rouge.
The Cambridge Blue is a Indian restaurant with a customer rating  of 5 out of 5.
At the riverside, there is a low rated restaurant called The Golden Palace.
Cocum  is a cheap coffee shop that offers  sushi and is family friendly.
Located near the city centre, The Mill is a moderately priced pub that offers Italian food.
Fitzbillies near Express by Holiday Inn has a high price range with average customer ratings and has a child-friendly atmosphere.
Cotto is a Japanese food place near Ranch. It has excellent customer reviews but is not recommended for families.
Due to high prices, the Taste of Cambridge restaurant has a poor 1 out of 5 customer rating.
There is a cheap, 5 star noodle restaurant that is near Yippee Noodle Bar, it is called Alimentum.
The Waterman serves Chinese food of moderate price in the city centre. It is rated 3 out of 5 and is not kid friendly.
Browns Cambridge sells traditional pub food for reasonable prices in the city centre. Reviews say that their food is not of very good quality.
Enjoy dinner without the kids at Alimentum.  Located in city Chinese menu boasts high priced.
Fitzbillies is a family friendly coffee shop in the riverside area serving mid range priced food.
With a quiet atmosphere, the Green Man offers dishes for less than  £20. It is located near the city center.
Near Burger King is and Italian coffee shop called The Eagle. It has a price range of £20-25 and is not kid-friendly.
Strada is an averagely rated restaurant. It's not family-friendly restaurant and costs less that £20.
The Twenty Two near The Rice Boat in the riverside area is rated high by customers and it is children friendly. Also, it has a price range of over 30 euros.
Alimentum is a French restaurant in the city centre area, located near Yippee Noodle Bar. They have low ratings and low prices.
The Rice Boat is a kid friendly restaurant located near the Express by Holiday Inn in the Riverside area. It is moderately priced and is rated 3 out of 5.
A kid friendly place near Riverside is the Indian The Twenty Two.
Wildwood is a five star pub serving high priced sushi.
A coffee shop in the city centre area near the Crowne Plaza Hotel is called Browns Cambridge. They serve Indian food, have an average customer rating and are not family friendly.
The Golden Curry is a sushi food restaurant. We don't accept your family. We have an start of experience and we are placed close to Café Rouge. Join us.
The Waterman serves French food and has a high price range, it has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and is in the riverside area and is for adults.
Strada sells Japanese food is not children-friendly and has a customer rating 3 out of 5 located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café
Blue Spice, on the riverside, serves expensive sushi.
Fitzbillies Japanese coffee shop situated in a beautiful riverside location. Great value for money and holds high standards.
Wildwood pub serves Japanese food. It is in the price range of more than £30 and has a low customer rating.
The Dumpling Tree, located between two major city blocks, is a mid-price restaurant.
Taste of Cambridge is a coffee shop serving Japanese food in the riverside area near the Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is known to be kids-friendly.
The Eagle is an above average-price range restaurant near riverside and has low customer rating.
The Waterman is an Italian restaurant that welcomes families with children. Located near the Crowne Plaza Hotel.
On the riverside, there is a place with high prices that serves great French food. It is called Blue Spice.
Fitzbillies a coffee shop, located in the City Centre,  has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 and provides Indian food at a cheap price range. It is not family friendly.
A popular pub in the riverside area, near Rainbow Vegetarian Café, is The Golden Palace.  Expect to pay higher prices.
Near Rainbow Vegetarian Café is an average French restaurant called Strada. it is less than £20 and is not family-friendly.
The Eagle menu prices are cheap. Their customers ratings are average and located by Riverside.
Loch Fyne is a restaurant serving Chinese food prices are cheap and family friendly
A kid friendly location called The Waterman offers an average price range.
The Wrestlers is a French coffee shop suitable for family. It is located near Raja Indian Cuisine at riverside and charges less than £20.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop located at the city centre. They serve French food for less than £20 with an average customer rating.
The Wrestlers is an Indian coffee shop in the moderate price range, located in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is located in the riverside area and is kids friendly.
There is a restaurant called The Dumpling Tree if you want good food for a good price.
The Alimentum is located right next to the river and is adjacent to Yippee Noodle Bar.  This restaurant serves low priced meals and has a rating of five stars.
The Eagle is a sushi bar with a three star rating.
The Rice Boat at the riverside is kids-friendly Fast food restaurant rated 1 out of 5.
Located near the Yippee Noodle Bar, The Strada is a fast food pub with average customer ratings.
Italian kid friendly restaurant, The Vaults, cheap prices.
With 5 out of 5 customer ratings, the French Café, The Wrestlers, is very family friendly.
The Olive Grove is a Family friendly Pub located on the River bank offering food at low price.
The Twenty Two is an Italian restaurant that is children friendly and by the riverside.
The Vaults is a cheap Chinese restaurant that serves all ages.
Browns Cambridge is a low price sushi restaurant. Located in City centre.
Fitzbillies is located near to Express by Holiday Inn. Theres is no kids area. It has high customer rating and a price range between £20-25.
There is a riverside-area restaurant near The Rice Boat which provides Japanese food.  Its name is Bibimbap House.
The coffee shop named Blue Spice is moderately priced, near Avalon and the city centre, is not kid friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
You could try The Waterman, a family friendly venue with a reasonable price range of less that £20.
There is a moderately priced coffee shop called The Vaults, located in the City Centre. It is near Café Brazil and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
An average child friendly pub called Zizzi has an average rating.
The Phoenix is Chinese food in the city centre.  Prices are moderate but customer ratings are low.
Fitzbillies provides Japanese cuisine in this kid-friendly, riverside Café. It is value for money with prices ranging from £20-25 and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5
Cocum is an expensive Indian coffee shop that has a poor rating and does not allow children.
The Vaults is an Indian restaurant.
The Rice Boat has a high price range and a 3 out of 5 customer rating. It is located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
Blue Spice,a  restaurant offering Indian food in less than £20,  is located in the city centre.
Cocum is an Italian coffee shop with a high price range and a 1 out of 5 customer rating. It is not child-friendly.
The Rice Boat serves Japanese food for the whole family. It is within the City center near the Express by Holiday Inn. It is high priced and rated three stars.
The Golden Curry has a price range of 20 to 25 dollars. Its near The Bakers and is kid friendly. It is Japanese food.
Rated 5 out of 5, The Twenty Two is a family restaurant with cheap prices located near The Rice Boat.
The Punter is a coffee shop serving Indian food. Average tab is less than £20 but has low customer rating and is not family friendly. It is located near Café Sicilia.
The Rice Boat serves Japanese food and has customer rating of 5 out of 5.  This restaurant is located in the city centre and is not family-friendly.
Located in the city centre area, this child friendly establishment received a 3 out of 5 customer rating.  This coffee shop is near Avalon and offers menu items in the high price range. It is called Blue Spice.
Cotto is a family friendly English restaurant with a high rating.  It's near the Ranch.
There is a children friendly place located in riverside called Blue Spice. It has a 5 out of 5 customer rating and the price range is more than £30.
The Phoenix provides Indian food in the high price range. It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is average.
Yes, Loch Fyne is a restaurant Italian
Clowns is a low rated Italian coffee shop located on the riverside near Clare Hall.
Alimentum provides Indian food in the less than £20 price range. It is located in the city centre.
Near the Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area is a French coffee shop named Browns Cambridge that is not family-friendly and has a low customer rating.
Located near Café Adriatic, Travellers Rest Beefeater restaurant gets a high customer rating and is located along the river. Prices range £20-25.
Strada is an Italian restaurant near Rainbow Vegetarian Café that is kid friendly with a moderate pricing and a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The restaurant Zizzi near the are riverside has a moderate price range.
There is a restaurant near The Rice Boat which offers low price Japanese food in riverside called Loch Fyne.
In the riverside there is a coffee shop named Fitzbillies which serves fast food.  However the prices are high, 1 out 5 customers rated it, and it is not children friendly
In the riverside area there is a children friendly restaurant called Green Man which has a price range of more than 30 pounds.
A family friendly fast food venue, The Wrestlers has moderate prices and high ratings.
The Plough is a family friendly Italian pub with price range more than £30 located near Café Rouge.
Café Brazil is a type of coffee shop with the name The Vaults. The price there is pretty cheap and you can find it near riverside with customer ratings of 5 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge is a child friendly, Chinese food restaurant in the Riverside area, near The Sorrento.
There is a family-friendly coffee shop in the city centre. Its name is Zizzi. It has a low customer rating but it is cheap.
There is a medium-price place Blue Spice located at the north of city centre that provides sushi.
The Golden Curry is located near The Bakers and serves medium-priced fast food in a family friendly environment.
The Waterman is rated 1 out of 5 and is the best pub to eat fast food by the riverside.
Located in the city centre is Blue Spice, a restaurant with low prices, high ratings, and family-friendly atmosphere.
There is a high-priced, family friendly British restaurant named The Vaults.
There is a fast food coffee shop called Browns Cambridge with an average customer rating in the riverside area near the Crowne Plaza Hotel, which is not family-friendly
Giraffe is a kid friendly pub that offers French food in the riverside area.
If you're in the riverside area, The Mill coffee shop serves fairly-priced French food. It's just by The Sorrento.
A low rated English food restaurant Loch Fyne situated on riverside near The Rice Boat.
Conveniently located near Ranch, Cotto serves Italian food in a family friendly environment. It has been rated 3 of 5 stars.
Riverside restaurant The Phoenix, which serves French food, has a price range of over 30 pounds but a low customer rating.
Browns Cambridge is a cheap, average-rated restaurant.
The Cricketers coffee shop, located next to The Portland Arms, is a family friendly environment that offers a variety of foods.
The Olive Grove is a Japanese pub in Riverside that you can bring your children too.
Green Man in riverside near All Bar One offers kid-friendly French dining for £20-25.
Fast food coffee shop Fitzbillies has an average customer rating with a cheap price range. It is not family-friendly and is located in city centre.
In the city centre near Yippee Noodle Bar, there is a lace serving Italian food called Alimentum. It costs less than £20 and has a low customer rating.
Clowns is a great place for kids and the prices are good too.  It's near Café Sicilia.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop by the riverside serving Italian food at prices between  £20-25.  Customers give it a high rating but it is not kid friendly.
The Cricketers is a restaurant that serves French food. It is located near All Bar One.
The Mill is an Italian pub with a high price range located in riverside.
Strada offers Japanese food at a moderate price, located NEA Rainbow Vegetarian Café
An expensive venue located in riverside, The Eagle received an average customer rating.
The Cocum is a family-friendly coffee shop with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and has a moderate price range.
Located near Crowne Plaza Hotel the coffee shop Taste of Cambridge serves Indian food and coffee to families of all ages in the city centre
The Punter is a coffee shop providing Fast food. It is located near  Café Sicilia.
Alimentum is kid friendly, is located at the riverside, and serves French food at a high price.
The Golden Curry, is located near Café Rouge. It is a poorly rated, riverside, Chinese establishment. Children are welcome.
Taste of Cambridge is a coffee shop located riverside near Crown Plaza Hotel. It serves Italian food and is kid-friendly.
Aromi is a Japanese coffee shop located in the city centre. They have low customer ratings and are not family-friendly.
Blue Spice is a costly choice in Riverside.
Place for Chinese food called The Rice Boat  and it has a 5 out of 5 customer rating in city centre while it is also not family friendly.
The Travellers Rest Beefeater has a price range of less than £20 in Riverside, it has a low customer rating and is located near Café Adriatic.
There is an inexpensive, family-friendly coffee shop called Cocum, which serves burgers and fries.
The Olive Grove is a children friendly French food pub in the price range of more than 30 located in the city centre.
Midsummer House, near All Bar One, is a cheap option for English food with a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
The Eagle has a moderate price range, a customer rating of a 3 out of 5,  and is located in riverside.
There is a cheap family friendly coffee shop located near the Burger King called The Eagle. They offer good Italian food.
Cotto is a coffee shop near The Portland Arms. It is in the highest price bracket.
The Browns Cambridge is a five star expensive restaurant.
Zizzi is a pub of Japanese food that has a low customer rating and family friendly.
There is a family friendly coffee shop located near the river called Zizzi.
The Portland Arms is located near a coffee shop that has both a high customer ratting and is also considered children friendly, this place is known as The Cricketers and serves Indian food.
Strada is poorly reviewed and the prices are unexplained. Despite it being fairly close to Rainbow Vegetarian Café and family friendly, they simply fall short.
Blue Spice is a children-friendly coffee shop in Riverside, near Avalon, in the high price range with a customer rating of average.
Near The Bakers you can find, Giraffe, a family friendly coffee shop. It has a moderate customer rating and a price range of less than £20.
Alimentum serves English food. There price range is moderate. In the riverside area. They are not kids friendly.
Located north of the city centre near the river, The Waterman is a moderately priced family restaurant.
Zizzi is a French pub. it is rated average and is family-Friendly
Alimentum is a Chinese restaurant with a low price range in the area of Riverside. It is not family friendly.
The Waterman is an Italian restaurant located in the city centre. It's in the high price range with an average rating and is children friendly.
There is a fast food restaurant near Café Rouge named Midsummer House that has a 5 out 5 customer satisfaction rating.
A restaurant with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 is Taste of Cambridge. Their price range is more than 30.
Green Man is a fast food restaurant on the riverside located near All Bar One is highly expensive but children friendly as well.
There is a three-star family friendly pub called Zizzi which serves pasta.
The Rice Boat serves Italian food but is not children friendly, it has a high price range but a low customer rating and is near Express by Holiday Inn, in the Riverside area.
The Punter is a coffee shop which offers Japanese food in the price range less than £20. It has no family-friendly atmosphere. It is located near Café Sicilia with an average customer rating.
The Vaults is a restaurant offering Fast food.
Cotto is a French coffee shop, near The Portland Arms in riverside. It has a moderate price range and is rated 1 out of 5.
In riverside is a Chinese restaurant called Blue Spice. It is priced average.
The Wrestlers offers highly rated Indian food, with prices ranging between 20 - 25 pounds. This establishment welcomes families of all ages.
North of the City centre a fish restaurant called The Rice Boat can be found. It is situated by the river and next to Express by Holiday Inn. It is suitable for all families and is rated one star. It is a medium priced venue.
Located in the city centre area , The Rice Boat provides 5 out of 5 Indian food in a non family friendly environment.
wine and cheese plates reasonably priced the Green Man up the road from All Bar One.
There is an Italian The Rice Boat and they are for family.
A cheap Chinese pub near Café Brazil is The Cambridge Blue.
The Cricketers is a family friendly pub near Ranch, but its customer rating is low.
There is a prestigious coffee shop Cocum in the city. Its specialty  is the pasta.
The Olive Grove is a non-family-friendly pub in the city centre. It has a price range less than L20.
The Mill pub serves Chinese food with prices over £30 in the riverside area.
The Punter offers Japanese food in the £20-25 range.
The Plough offers Fast food in a pub style family friendly environment for 20-25euros near Café Rouge.
Midsummer House offers expensive  English food located in Café Rouge.
If looking for kid friendly fast food, The Eagle coffee shop is located in the city centre near Burger King. With a rating of 1-5, the price range is moderate.
Cotto is a cheap Indian coffee shop with a low customer rating in Riverside near The Portland Arms.
The price range of the restaurant Taste of Cambridge is high, and it has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 stars.
Midsummer House is a mid price restaurant located near All Bar One
The Eagle is an Indian food place with a 1 out of 5 customer rating.
customer rating of 1 out of 5 and is within the high price range is Browns Cambridge
Blue Spice provides Indian food in the cheap price range. It is located in the riverside.
Alimentum serves Japanese food in the moderate price range is located near the Yippee Noodle Bar in Riverside and has a 1 out of 5 customer rating
There is a coffee shop Aromi located close to the center of the city that provides family-style dining. It has a superb view across the river.
The Golden Curry is a low rated, non family-friendly French food restaurant
Giraffe is a low-priced restaurant located near The Six Bells.
The Taste of Cambridge is a eat type restaurant with a price range of less than 20 and an average customer rating.
Offering French food at less than £20, The Plough is located near the Café Rouge.  They are a family friendly pub.
The Golden Palace is an expensive, low-rated Japanese coffee shop near the riverside.
Clowns is a pub located by the riverside.  Price range for than £30.  Customer rating is low.
There is a non-family friendly Indian restaurant called The Twenty Two located in the riverside area.
If you are near the Crowne Plaza Hotel in riverside, bring the kids to Taste of Cambridge for some coffee.
Expensive Indian food is serves at The Eagle.
The Plough is a pub that provides Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is near Café Rouge.
Cotto is located near All Bar One in the Riverside area.  Its price ranges at more than £30.
The Rice Boat is a particularly expensive British restaurant that the whole family is welcome to enjoy. The service is worth the money, with impressive 5-star reviews, it can be found near the Express by Holiday Inn.
Fitzbillies is a family-friendly coffee shop  that serves French food. Found in city centre is has a high customer rating and average prices.
The Dumpling Tree is a moderately priced restaurant serving pasta and wine.
The Dumpling Tree English Family friendly pub The Portland Arms
Eat in Browns Cambridge. French food for less than £20 but  has a low  customer rating
There is a coffee shop called Blue Spice that is child friendly and has a high customer rating the price range is more than £30 and it is in the area of riverside near Avalon
The riverside area has a place called The Rice Boat. The Rice boat is a family  restaurant with amazing prices. It's near the Express by Holiday Inn.
Alimentum is a Japanese restaurant in the city centre near Yippee Noodle Bar. It has a three out of five customer rating and is in the £20-25 price range.
The Waterman serves Indian food in a high price range. It is rated average and located at riverside. Children are welcome.
Alimentum is a cheap, 1 star Yippee Noodle Bar, it's located outside Cambridge City Centre.
Found near Café Rouge, Wildwood is a restaurant with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Plough is a pub that is kid friendly, high priced French food, and is near Café Rouge.
High rated Japanese themed coffee shop called The Eagle  in the area of Riverside near Burger King.
The French eatery The Wrestlers, is children friendly, has a price range of more than £30 and a low customer rating.
Browns Cambridge is a  restaurant in the Riverside area. It is kid friendly, serves fast food, and is located near The Sorrento.
The Vaults is a 3-star rated, moderately priced coffee shop located riverside near Café Brazil.
Located near All Bar One is Midsummer House. It offers English food with a price range of £20-£25 and has a high customer rating.
Browns Cambridge is near The Sorrento fast food restaurant, located by the riverside, friends and family welcome.
There is a family friendly restaurant called Alimentum near the river at the top of the city. it is a low priced sit down style restaurant.
There is a restaurant near the All Bar One in the City Centre called the Green Man. It has a moderate price range and sells French food. It is children friendly.
The Punter is a French coffee shop located near Café Sicilia. Environment is child friendly and costs are less than  £20.
Fitzbillies is child friendly and earned a five out of five customer rating.  Its price range is over £30 and is located near the Express by Holiday Inn.
Fitzbillies is  kids friendly and has high ratings for good prices. Located near Express by Holiday Inn.
Alimentum provides Indian food in the £20-25 price range. It is located in the city centre. It is near Yippee Noodle Bar. Its customer rating is high.
The Plough is now serving Japanese food. It's a family-friendly pub located in the area of Café Rouge. A meal will cost you about £20-25.
a Japanese restaurant with a price range of £20-£25 called The Dumpling Tree
Fitzbillies is a child friendly coffee shop in the high price range with a high customer rating serving French food in the riverside area.
The Eagle is a family-friendly coffee shop. It is located close to Burger King.
Located near Yippee Noodle Bar, Strada is a Japanese pub with an average rating by customers.
There is an excellent customer rating coffee shop called Aromi, near riverside with an adult atmosphere and fast food.
Near Rainbow Vegetarian Café, there is a pub named The Golden Palace,  located at riverside with high price range food to choose from.
The Strada is a restaurant that has a high customer rating that serves Indian food with a price range of more than £30.  This restaurant is not children friendly and is near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
Taste of Cambridge is a family friendly pub in the riverside area and is close to The Sorrento
The Phoenix is a French food restaurant located in the city centre. The price of food is costly and has low customer rating.
A Japanese restaurant near The Sorrento in the riverside area which isn't family-friendly is called Browns Cambridge.
The Punter coffee shop has a high price range, kid friendly and located near Café Sicilia with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
A reasonably-priced fast food restaurant is The Dumpling Tree.
The Olive Grove is a cheap, family friendly pub. It is near the city centre.
The Rice Boat is a Japanese restaurant with an average customer rating located near Express by Holiday Inn in riverside has a price range of less than 20, average customer rating and non family-friendly.
The Phoenix is a fast food establishment offering high quality food with prices starting from £30.
The Green Man  isn't kids friendly, it serves Japanese food, it is quite expensive. It is located in the city centre, near All Bar One.
The Japanese, Alimentum, is both child friendly and moderately priced and is located in the Riverside area.
Loch Fyne is an Indian restaurant offering affordable meals in a family friendly setting.
Average customer rating and high price range Café include Travellers Rest Beefeater at riverside near Café Adriatic.
Located in the riverside area with a low customer rating, The Phoenix is an Indian restaurant in the less than £20 price range.
Located near The Bakers, Giraffe is a child-friendly coffee shop with a price range of £30 plus and a low customer rating.
Close to Ranch can be found a highly rated coffee shop called Wildwood. It serves Italian food but it is fairly pricey.
The Rice Boat is a Italian restaurant it is located near Express by Holiday Inn it is children friendly with an average customer rating the price range is high and it is located near the city centre
The Green Man is an Indian restaurant with high prices near All Bar One in riverside. Kid friendly.
In the riverside area, there is a children friendly coffee shop serving Fast food called Browns Cambridge with an average customer rating, near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Loch Fyne is a Italian restaurant which offers Italian food at moderate prices and is kids Friendly.
Bibimbap House is located in the city centre, near Clare Hall and serves English food at a moderate price range.
The Loch Fyne is a family friendly Japanese restaurant in the less than £20 price range.
The Mill is a Japanese coffee shop in Riverside. Located near The Sorrento this restaurant provides meals for £20-25 a plate.
restaurant named Taste of Cambridge, Price range of £20-25, and customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Midsummer House, near Café Rouge, offers Italian food.  It has an average customer rating.
The Rice Boat is a highly-rated Italian restaurant in the Riverside area. Customers and their children both give it great ratings.
The Blue Spice coffee shop is located near Avalon and not far from the city centre.  It is reasonably priced.
The Cambridge Blue is a 1 Star restaurant.
Located near The Bakers is The Golden Curry, an average price Chinese restaurant. Just leave the kids at home.
The Rice Boat is right near the river and ideal for families with small children. With a three-star rating, you can enjoy a cheese board with wine, or fondue for example.
Blue Spice in the riverside area  has received a high customer rating with its kids friendly environment and £20-25 price range.
The Golden Curry has an average rating and serves Indian food, however, it is not family friendly.
The Golden Palace Italian riverside coffee shop  price range moderate and  customer rating 1 out of 5
Cocum is a a coffee shop that offers Indian food, family friendly  with a low price range and customer rating.
At riverside is a moderate priced location called Blue Spice that offers French food.
Located in the city centre near The Rice Boat, The Twenty Two is a non-child-friendly restaurant in the high price range. It has a rating of three out of five.
The Golden Curry is a restaurant that sells Indian food, located near Café Rouge in city centre. It is not family friendly but has a customer rating if 5 of 5.
Strada is a mid-priced English restaurant near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.  It is highly rated, but not for children.
The Twenty Two  is in the city centre near The Rice Boat. Is a none kids friendly place with an average customer rating of 3 out of 5. Prices range from £20-£25.
Loch Fyne in riverside is a highly rated eatery serving Italian food. It is located near The Rice Boat.
Midsummer House is a burger bar in the high price range with a three star rating. It's located near All Bar One.
The coffee shop, Browns Cambridge, serves Fast food and is kid friendly. With an average customer rating, it can be found in the riverside area near the Crowne Plaza Hotel.
In the city centre, close to The Rice Boat, there is an Italian restaurant called Loch Fyne. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Fitzbillies has prices above  £30 and is located close to Express by Holiday Inn. It is a child friendly location, with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Loch Fyne is a family friendly sushi restaurant at a low price range.
The Eagle is an upscale, family friendly coffee shop that is located on the river next to Burger King.
Italian Café Rouge with customer rating 3 out of 5 called Midsummer House.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop serving Japanese food near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area. It is kids friendly and in the £20-25 price range.
For an average children friendly restaurant try Cocum.
Kid friendly, The Waterman has moderate prices.
Alimentum restaurant is in the riverside area near Yippee Noodle Bar. It has Indian food with a high price range and low customer rating.
An Indian restaurant called Loch Fyne is located in the city centre near The Rice Boat that is rated average with customer reviews
The Punter is moderately priced dining English food.
Near The Rice Boat on the riverside there is a restaurant called The Mill.
Strada serves Japanese food and is located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café. It has an average customer rating and the price range is less than  £20. It is not family-friendly.
You could try an English restaurant called The Rice Boat in the city centre near Express by Holiday Inn. They're kid friendly with moderate pricing and a 3 out of 5 customer rating.
Strada offers Fast food for less than £20 near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café. The joint is family friendly but the customer rating is low.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Indian food in the less than £20 price range. It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is low.
Cotto has a 1 out of 5 customer rating. It is located near Ranch and is family friendly.
Strada is an Italian pub, located near Yippee Noodle Bar. It has a relatively low customer satisfaction rating, scoring a mere 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a kid friendly coffee shop with  a Japanese theme and a high customer rating.   It is located in the city centre. Price range £20-25
Highly priced French food is served at Fitzbillies, a child friendly coffee shop located in the city centre.  Customer rating is 3 out of 5.
The coffee shop named Giraffe is child friendly and is located near The Bakers. The price range is high and has a customer rating of 3 of 5.
For less than £20, French coffee shop The Wrestlers can be found in Riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine. No families.
Alimentum is a child friendly French restaurant located in the city centre. It has a price range of more than £30.
There is a highly rated, child-friendly Fast food restaurant called The Rice Boat in the riverside area.
Strada offers Italian food for kids Friendly with cheap price in Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
A moderate priced restaurant, Travellers Rest Beefeater, is kid friendly.
Located by the riverside, Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that isn't family-friendly, has  low customer rating and a price range of less than £20
By the Rainbow Vegetarian Café there is a cheap restaurant named Strada that offers cheap English food. They have an average rating.
The Cambridge Blue is a Fast food pub near Café Brazil their price range is low-priced and cheap.
Browns Cambridge is an adult only Chinese restaurant located near The Sorrento in the riverside area.
Near Café Sicilia on the riverside, The Dumpling Tree is a coffee shop with cheap prices and family friendly.
The Rice Boat is a cheap  place to eat near Rainbow Vegetarian Café
With a moderate price, The Phoenix at riverside serves French food.
In the riverside area near the Crowne Plaza Hotel, there is a French coffee shop called Browns Cambridge. It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and is rated as kids-friendly.
Child friendly Cocum was awarded 3 out 5 stars for its Indian cuisine coffee shop experience at an average price.
The coffee shop restaurant Fitzbillies is a high end, yet family friendly restaurant outside of the city center.
Zizzi is a pub providing French food. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
'The Eagle' is located in the city center. It costs over 30 pounds to eat out there and it has low customer rating overall.
Cocum is a coffee shop providing Indian food in the cheap price range. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
The Italian restaurant Clowns near Clare Hall in Riverside is serving up hot coffee with impeccable customer ratings.
Browns Cambridge is a high priced Italian restaurant with a low customer rating.
There is a restaurant called The Cambridge Blue. It has a customer rating of one out of five stars.
A child friendly place is Strada. It has average reviews and decent prices.
The Twenty Two serves Chinese and is children friendly.
Aromi is an Italian restaurant in riverside.
The Waterman is a English restaurant with moderate prices in the city centre
For moderately-priced English food, The Dumpling Tree restaurant is a good option.
The Plough pub is low-priced. It's near Café Rouge but is not family friendly.
A cheap, family friendly restaurant located near the Ranch is Cotto.
There is a one star, high priced pub named Clowns near the river.
Strada, a pub located near Yippee Noodle Bar is serving Indian food. It has been rated 1 out of 5 in customer satisfaction.
Located close to the riverside area, Aromi is a fast-food restaurant.
The Olive Grove, a restaurant located in the riverside area, offers a family-friendly atmosphere.
The Vaults is a reasonably priced coffee shop. It has a low customer rating. It's location is in the city centre near Café Brazil.
With a customer rating of three out of five, Strada is an Indian pub near Yippee Noodle Bar.
The Golden Curry is a moderately priced Italian restaurant located near The Bakers. It is not considered kid friendly.
The Golden Curry provides Chinese food It is located in the riverside. It is near Café Rouge. Its customer rating is low.
The Olive Grove is a restaurant with affordable prices, offering French food in the area of riverside
Midsummer House is a Chinese restaurant, located near Café Rouge. It has a low rating.
Cheap and affordable Italian food served at Blue Spice. Riverside.
The Phoenix serves French food near the riverside. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Strada serves cheap Indian food and is family friendly. It's rated 5 out of 5. Near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
Travellers Rest Beefeater, near Café Adriatic in the riverside area, is highly rated. Typical prices are £30 and above.
for more than £30 within riverside The Twenty Two has a low customer rating , is children Friendly and near The Rice Boat
There is a place to eat in riverside that offers French food at a price of more then £30.  It is called Blue Spice.
The Wrestlers is a 3 star fast food restaurant nearby that provides a low price option for families.
There is a children friendly French restaurant called The Vaults that has a price range of more than £30.
The Eagle Indian food with average customer rating.
The Plough pub is located near Café Rouge and offers Italian cuisine at low prices.
With a customer rating of 1 out of 5 The Eagle has American food.
The Rice Boat, located near Express by Holiday Inn in city centre, serves English food and received a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
Giraffe is a pub located in the area of riverside.
The Waterman is a restaurant which provides Indian food in less than £20. Not ideal for family due to their low customers' rating.
The Rice Boat is rated 3 out 5 and it is near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café. The price range is moderate.
There is a cheap  Italian restaurant The Golden Curry  located near The Bakers.
There is a high-priced coffee shop located in the City centre named Zizzi. It is family friendly and has 3 stars.
Midsummer House is good for their English dishes, it's next to the All Bar One and very good and cheap.
The Waterman, in the center of the city, serves French cuisine in a Pub type environment. The rating is average.
Just north of Café Adriatic is The Vaults pub. Stop in for a pint. Middle price range.
Located in the city centre, The Blue Spice services Chinese food for less than average prices.
The Vaults serves mid rice range beluga, it is family friendly and based in the city centre.
The Phoenix is an expensive but popular Indian restaurant near the city centre.
Moderately priced 1 star English food at Alimentum, by the river,  close to Yippee Noodle Bar
Located in the city centre The Waterman is not child friendly. Serving an English menu with prices ranging from £20 -25. Customers rate this restaurant highly.
The Wrestlers is a low cost family friendly coffee shop near the river and Raja Indian Cuisine.
A Fast food coffee shop in the riverside area is Cotto. It is near the Portland Arms, has a high price range and an average customer rating.
The Rice Boat is a restaurant situated north of the city centre and is family-friendly.
The Punter serves English food for less than £20.
The Golden Curry is an Indian restaurant in the cheap price range, it is family friendly and is located near The Bakers
In the riverside area there is a restaurant named Green Man.
Near The Portland Arms, The Dumpling Tree is a pub offering Italian food in a childless atmosphere.
The Eagle is a family-friendly coffee shop located in the city centre near Burger King. It has cheap prices and low customer ratings.
Blue Spice is a coffee shop in city centre near Avalon. It has a high customer rating with a price range of 20-25. It is not family-friendly.
Around the corner from Ranch,there is the Wildwood coffee shop that serves French cuisine in the higher price bracket.
The Golden Palace in riverside is a fast food serving coffee shop that is cheap and the customer service is average.
The Golden Curry, a non kid friendly restaurant, serves English food. Though the rating is low, it is in the center of the city near Café Rouge.
The Golden Curry is a family-friendly French restaurant with a low customer rating, located near Café Rouge in the city centre.
The Cricketers is a pub located near Ranch. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 and is children friendly.
There is a kids friendly pub called The Olive Grove in the riverside area, serving English food with a price range of £20-25.
Family friendly coffee shop Giraffe, serves inexpensive food and is near the The Bakers.
Fitzbillies is an inexpensive family friendly coffee shop located by the riverside that has Italian food and a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop serving Indian food. It has a  high price range and a high customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is located in the city centre area.
The Olive Grove is a higher priced pub located in the riverside area. It serves French food as is child friendly.
The Dumpling Tree is a fast food pub near The Portland Arms, that is family friendly.
The Wrestlers Chinese restaurant, cheap prices, family friendly, 5 out of 5 customer ratings
With a customer rating of 1 out of 5, Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that offers fast-food in the city center area.  This moderately priced coffee shop is suitable not for children.
A high rated fast food coffee shop name Cotto is price ranged at £20-25. It is in the city centre of The Portland Arms.
The Waterman is a fast food pub located in the city centre. They have a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Waterman, in riverside, is not a family-friendly restaurant, but it serves cheap English food and has high ratings.
Bibimbap House is low price coffee shop named serving Italian food Located in city center near Clare Hall
Located near The Six Bells is a kids-friendly place called The Golden Curry.
The Rice Boat is on the riverside near the Express by Holiday Inn. It serves French food within the price range of more than £30. It has a low customer rating; it's a no for families with children.
The Olive Grove is a pub that serves Chinese food. The price range is £20-25. It is located by the riverside and yes it is kids friendly
Fitzbillies coffee shop is located at the riverside. It serves Indian food, is moderately priced, has a 3 out of 5 customer service rating and is kid friendly.
The Waterman located near city centre serves cheap Indian food. It has a 5 out of 5 rating and no, it is not  family friendly.
Pub style Giraffe serves Indian food and is kid friendly. It's located in the riverside area.
The Plough is a pub  with no family-friendly stuff with price range less then £20 provided Japanese food near Café Rouge.
The Phoenix is an Italian riverside venue with a rating of 1 out of 5.
Strada offers Chinese food at a high price range and located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café. It is children friendly and has a rating of 1 out of 5.
Italian restaurant Alimentum is located in the heart of town and offers a family-friendly atmosphere and good food at a higher price.
Clowns is a coffee shop located near Clare Hall, at city centre.  It offers French cuisine and has average ratings.
The Rice Boat serves up incredible Indian food for cheap in the heart of the city by Express by Holiday Inn. It caters mostly to individuals and is rated highly by customers.
The Wrestlers serves French food is moderately priced and not kid friendly and rated 1 out of 5 stars.
You can get Italian food at The Twenty Two with your friends and family.
The Olive Grove, located riverside, is a family friendly pub. It serves cheap Indian food.
Located in the city centre near Express by Holiday Inn, is The Rice Boat.  It is a cheap Italian restaurant, rated 5 out of 5, that is not family-friendly.
Giraffe is a child friendly coffee shop near The Bakers.  Customer rating is 1 out of 5 and has a high price range.
Japanese food can be found at The Rice Boat on riverside, however even though they are children-friendly, they have a low customer rating.
The Mill is a riverside based, fast food pub.
Located near The Bakers, The Golden Curry is a family-friendly establishment serving English food. its price range is less than £20.
The Olive Grove pub is a family-friendly Fast food which in the price range of less than £20 located near the City centre
Bibimbap House is found at the riverside near Clare Hall. It sells French Cuisine between £20-£25.
The Olive Grove is a non family-friendly French pub located in the city centre with a price range of less that £20.
The Golden Palace is moderately priced and poorly rated Indian coffee shop located in the city centre.
There is a restaurant called The Twenty Two in the city centre area that is not family friendly and it serves Chinese food.
Green Man fast food is near All Bar One in city centre. We offer a price range of less than  £20. We are not family-friendly.
The Eagle is a moderate French coffee shop near Burger King in city centre.  It is not kid friendly and has a 1 out of 5 rating.
For French cuisine in a children friendly environment we recommend Strada. Located near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café, Strada has a 5 out of 5 customer rating and prices starting from £30.
City Centre has a English food restaurant names The Rice Boat.
The Waterman is a family friendly venue offering Indian food and is located near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Zizzi is a pub that sells Indian food, it has an average customer rating and is family friendly
Giraffe pub in the riverside area, serves Fast food and is family friendly.
Near The Bakers is The Golden Curry. It is fast food and kid friendly. The price range is L 20-25.
The Twenty Two groups were no where friendly. They were not willing to spend less than £20 near The Rice Boat on the riverside, who had low ratings
The Loch Fyne restaurant in the city centre beside The Rice Boat is 5 out of 5 rated and serves English food.
Bargain priced Cotto is a coffee shop selling Indian food at the river's edge located near The Portland Arms.
The Rice Boat is a moderately priced Italian restaurant near Express by Holiday Inn. It is not kid friendly, is located on the riverside, and received a 1 out of 5 star rating.
Taste of Cambridge is an excellent restaurant that provides meals for around twenty to twenty-five euros.
The Dumpling Tree is located near The Portland Arms. It is kid friendly and serves French food.
Located near Burger King in Riverside, The Eagle is a Japanese restaurant that serves moderately priced food. They received a 1 out of 4 customer rating.
Cocum is a coffee shop serving Italian food and is priced low with 5 out of 5 stars. It is family friendly.
There is a restaurant nearby serving English food named The Cambridge Blue which has a 5 out of 5 customer satisfaction rating.
The Punter is a 5of5 stars  coffee shop located near Café Sicilia , serves fast food for all
The Olive Grove is a family-friendly pub with cheap prices located in city centre.
There is a 3-star family restaurant near Express by Holiday Inn called The Rice Boat. They are expensive.
the Indian restaurant The Cambridge Blue has a rating of 5 out of 5
The Phoenix serves English food and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5, it is located in the riverside area.
The Golden Curry serves Indian cuisine and is highly rated. It is located in riverside near Café Rouge and is kid friendly.
The restaurant Strada, near Rainbow Vegetarian Café, is high-priced.
Located near The Portland Arms is a pub The Dumpling Tree. They are child friendly and serve Indian food.
The Rice Boat is located riverside. It is not family friendly and has a lower customer rating.
Located riverside near Express by Holiday Inn  you will find The Rice Boat offering Chinese food. They have a high customer rating and are price ranged more than £30. They are children friendly.
The Rice Boat is located near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café. It has a high price range and has a customer rating of average.
Browns Cambridge serves French food at low prices, and is rated 5 out of 5 with customers.
Cotto is near The Portland Arms, and it is a high rated coffee shop that serves fast food at £20-£25 on the riverside.
The Cocum is a coffee shop which is family oriented. Prices are on the higher scale, but they also offer sushi for lunch.
Green Man is an  establishment located in the riverside area of the city, near All Bar One. it serves French food, is in the over £30 price range, and is child friendly
Stop by The Cambridge Blue, a pub near Café Brazil,  for and affordable drink.
The Waterman serves cheap Italian food customer rated as average. It is family friendly place in riverside area.
The Golden Curry offers an exotic meal. Families welcome and handicap accessible. 3 star rating.
Green Man provides Indian food in the high price range. It is located in the riverside. It is near All Bar One.
Take the family to Cocum, a coffee shop serving good Indian food at low prices.
For a high priced, 5 star, Italian, riverside restaurant not far from Yippee Noodle Bar then go visit Alimentum
Strada is a popular child friendly restaurant with reasonable prices, located near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
The Rice Boat is located in Riverside near Express by Holiday Inn. They serve English cuisine and it offers a children friendly environment. It has been given average ratings by customers which is unexpected since it is a high price range.
There is a Chinese restaurant Alimentum, with a high customer rating, and price. In city centre near Yippee Noodle Bar
Blue Spice serves French food near the riverside. The price range is £20-25.
The Olive Grove is a low priced  family friendly pub serves Chinese located in riverside
The Green Man is located near All Bar One on the Riverside that has low cost and serves English food.
Wildwood Pub is a medium-priced restaurant that is highly rated.
Wildwood is a pub with a high customer rating where you can eat Chinese food. Expect to spend no more than £30.
The Olive Grove is a family oriented restaurant with prices the whole family will love.
The low-cost coffee shop, Cotto, has five out of five stars. It is located near The Portland Arms.
The Golden Palace coffee Shop, providing fast food. Have 1 out of 5 customer rating and high price range.
Strada is a restaurant providing fast food in the low price range. It is located near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café
Zizzi, a non-kid friendly place with low ratings, is an English pub.
A Japanese restaurant named The Rice Boat is located in the area of riverside.
Wildwood is a 5 star coffee shop located near Ranch.  Wildwood offers French cuisine at more than £30 an entree.
The Giraffe is a kids friendly coffee shop near The Bakers with a 3 out of 5 customer rating.
The Rice Boat has a low customer rating but the price range is less than £20 and is located near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
City Centre has a coffee shop that serves Japanese food, children friendly,  has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and on a high price range called Fitzbillies.
Although The Olive Grove, is located in the city centre with a moderate price range and fast food. This pub is not kids friendly.
The Rice Boat is not recommended for families.  It has a moderate price tag and an average customer rating.  Serving fast food, and can be found in the riverside area, close to Express by Holiday Inn.
Blue Spice is a high-quality kid-friendly restaurant with an average price range. It is located on the riverside.
The Vaults is child friendly Italian eatery costing more than £30
Taste of Cambridge is a coffee shop that serves Indian food in the city centre. It is family Friendly and is near the Crowne Plaza Hotel.
The Waterman is a family friendly restaurant located in the city centre that provides Indian food which has a low customer rating and the price range is less than £20.
The Green Man is a restaurant at the riverside.
The Wrestlers provides a family friendly dining experience with a 5 out of 5 customer rating. The restaurant serves Chinese food for a cheap price.
Zizzi is a pub that serves French food. It is not family-friendly and has a low customer rating.
A family friendly restaurant near The Portland Arms, The Punter, offers food that costs less than £20. It is located by the riverside.
There is a moderate price range Fast food restaurant near All Bar One  called Midsummer House. It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a low priced and family oriented restaurant.
Near the city centre, there is a non family friendly Indian restaurant called The Rice Boat. It has a 5 out of 5 rating.
The Cambridge Blue is a low-rated Chinese restaurant.
Chinese food is served at The Golden Curry. It has an average customer rating and yes, it is children friendly.
The Waterman has Japanese food, is kids-friendly and is located near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
The Eagle is a moderately expensive restaurant located by the riverside. It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Mill pub is located next to the river
Alimentum is a cheap and family friendly fast food place in riverside.
The Golden Curry is located in the centre of the city near Café Rouge that is not family friendly but serves Indian food. They have poor customer rating.
Loch Fyne is a family friendly restaurant offering Indian food for under £20.
Browns Cambridge is a fast food coffee shop located near Crowne Plaza Hotel  in riverside. It's not family-friendly and has an average customer rating.
A French pub in the less than £20 price range, Wildwood has an average customer rating.
A coffee shop serving Indian food with a price range less than £20 and a low customer rating in city centre near Burger King is The Eagle.
There is an Italian coffee shop called Aromi that is located in the city centre. It is family-friendly and has low customer ratings.
The Vaults is an expensive pub near Café Adriatic with a rating of 3.
The Rice Boat is a none kids friendly restaurant located in the city centre near Express by Holiday Inn. It serves Japanese food for moderate prices.
Cocum is a south Asian eatery known for its spices.
With an average customer rating, Cotto near Ranch serves Japanese food. Yes, it is family friendly.
The Golden Curry is fast food and kid friendly.  The price range is L 20-25 and is located near The Bakers.
Japanese riverside  coffee shop The Golden Palace customer rating high and  price range £20-25
The Golden Curry, an average rated Italian restaurant near the city centre, is family-friendly and near Café Rouge.
The Golden Curry is a child friendly fast food venue with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Located in the gleaming city center next to popular shopping and entertainment is Strada a five star family friendly Japanese restaurant that provides entertainment while cooking your meal.  Parking available across from the Rainbow Vegetarian Café
Cotto is a Japanese restaurant with no family-friendly ambiance. It is located near Ranch with a customer rating 5 out of 5.
A family-friendly coffee shop serving Italian food with an average customer rating is Browns Cambridge near the Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Strada is a pub providing Indian food It is near Yippee Noodle Bar. Its customer rating is low.
Aromi the coffee shop has a 1 star rating and isn't suitable for families.
Strada is a family friendly fast food restaurant with moderate prices.
The Olive Grove, and Indian pub, is priced at more than 30 pounds, but is very child friendly and is located riverside.
At an average cost of £20-25, the coffee shop Cotto offers highly-rated Japanese style food.  This coffee shop can be found in the city centre area near The Portland Arms.
The Indian restaurant Cotto has a customer rating of 1 out of 5, is child friendly and is located near the Ranch.
The Punter is a three star coffee shop that serves pasta in the medium price range. It is located near Café Sicilia. Public restrooms available.
The Phoenix in the city centre serves moderate Italian food for a reasonable price.
Strada get Fast food pub near Yippee Noodle Bar.
The Golden Curry is an upscale Italian restaurant with an average customer rating and is not family-friendly. It is located near the Café Rouge in the city centre.
Clowns is a restaurant located a few steps of The Portland Arms.
The Vaults is a kids friendly establishment in the medium price range offering Indian food.
For fast food, try Midsummer House near All Bar One. The food is pricey and is rated 1 out of 5.
Zizzi is a locating in the city centre with a price range of less than £20 for a restaurant
With a customer rating of 5 out of 5, Strada serves cheap fast food.  It is located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café and isn't family-friendly.
The Rice Boat is a family restaurant near the Express by Holiday Inn in River side.  The restaurant serves French Food and prices are amazing and customer love it.
A restaurant with high customer rating is Cotto Italian food near Ranch and is Child Friendly
The is  a low-priced place The Punter where there are cool drinks hamburgers and chips
Blue Spice coffee shop has good reviews and is located near Avalon.
Alimentum offers fast food in a child friendly environment in the riverside area. The price range at Alimentum is more than £30.
The Twenty Two is a kid friendly Japanese restaurant in Riverside.
There is a French coffee shop with a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is called Cotto and is located near The Portland Arms in the city centre.
Located near The Bakers, The Golden Curry offers English cuisine with a price range of more than £30. The restaurant is family friendly.
The Taste of Cambridge is an Indian coffee shop in the riverside area.  This restaurant is very family friendly and is located near the Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Near Café Sicilia; The Punter is a low rated coffee shop.  They offer Japanese food for less than £20, but they are not family-friendly.
The Mill is a pub in riverside that has a price range of more than £30 that sells Japanese food.
The Vaults is a low-priced restaurant in the city centre that delivers take-away.
The French coffee shop Cotto is located near The Portland Arms in the riverside area. It has a low customer rating and a price range of less than 20 pounds.
The family friendly restaurant near The Rice Boat in the riverside area is called The Twenty Two, but it has low customer rating. The price range is less than 20 pounds.
Midsummer House is a one-star restaurant in Café Rouge.
The Eagle is a family friendly coffee shop that provides Indian food with prices less than £20. It is located on the riverside near Burger King. Low customer rating.
Blue Spice is a moderately priced Indian food eatery in riverside.
A high price ranged restaurant is The Golden Palace.
Three star family friendly coffee shop The Eagle, is situated close to Burger King in the city centre
The Waterman is located on the riverside, it has cheap prices and average ratings. It serves Italian food.
There is an average customer rated Japanese coffee shop located in the centre called Aromi that is not family-friendly.
The Strada pub by Yippee Noodle Bar  has a low customer rating but, offers Chinese food.
The Twenty Two is a children friendly restaurant located on the riverside near The Rice Boat. It gets a high customer rating and has a £20 to £25 price range.
Cocum coffee shop family friendly great food service at a higher price
A restaurant named The Green Man is in the riverside area located near All Bar One. It is kids friendly and offers Chinese food with a moderate price range
Aromi is a family friendly pub in the riverside area with a low customer rating.
The Eagle is a low priced fast food coffee shop near Burger King by the river. It is family friendly and has a low rating.
Strada is the restaurant located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café. It serves really expensive Indian food,  has a rating of 1 out 5, and is not family friendly.
Located near All Bar One, moderately priced Indian food is available at Midsummer House. Customers rate it 1 out of 5 and the food is moderately priced.
Green Man provides Chinese food in the high price range. It is located in the riverside. It is near All Bar One.
Located near The Bakers, The Golden Curry is an above averagely priced,  French restaurant that is child friendly.
Wildwood is a pub with a high price range and serves Italian food. It's rated in average.
The Rice Boat is located near Express by Holiday Inn in the city centre. It has an average customer rating and offers Italian food. Prices are cheap. It is family-friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a place that offers English food for less than £20. It has a low rating
The Rice Boat can be found north of the city center., beside the Express by Holiday Inn and the river. Their British cuisine is family friendly, and prices are somewhat steep, but it is worth the money for the outstanding service.
Italian food pub The Olive Grove kid friendly moderately priced riverside area.
Fast food and coffee can be found at The Punter near Café Sicilia. It isn't family-friendly and is expensive however  customer ratings are just 1 out of 5.
Zizzi is a restaurant that serves low priced meals and is located right off of the river.
Fitzbillies is a restaurant near the Express by Holiday Inn and it is kids friendly. It is in the price range of £20-25 which is average for the area, and customers give it a rating of 3 out of 5.
Zizzi is an expensive coffee shop located riverside. It has a low customer rating, but is child-friendly.
Strada is  a cheap, family friendly restaurant serving English food.  It has a low customer rating and is near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
The Eagle, located by Burger King, is a low-end, family friendly coffee shop that serves sushi.
Down by the riverside there is a a low cost French restaurant called Blue Spice.
The Waterman is a moderately priced, kid friendly Chinese restaurant located in the riverside area and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Cocum has been highly rated by customers. It is in an average price range, and serves French food and coffee, but does not allow children.
Located near Café Sicilia the Japanese coffee shop  The Punter has a high customer rating, is kids Friendly and prices range between £20-£25
The Olive Grove is a pub that provides Indian food in the cheap price range. It is located in the riverside.
it is a kids friendly Fast food place near Ranch named Cotto with customer rating of 3 out of 5
A French food place, With a customer rating being average, Cocum has a price range less than  £20. It is not family-friendly because it is a coffee shop.
Near Café Rouge you will find a pub called The Plough that provides English food in the price range of £20-25 and a child-friendly atmosphere
There is a coffee shop called Cotto on the riverside by The Portland Arms. It serves Indian food but for its expensive prices, the reviews aren't too good
The Golden Curry Indian restaurant located near Café Rouge in the riverside area is not family friendly and has a low customer rating.
Midsummer House is near All Bar One and serves Indian food within a high price range and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5
Located near Burger King by the riverside is a high priced Japanese coffee shop, rated 3 out of 5, called The Eagle.  It is not children friendly.
The Eagle is a coffee shop with Indian food in the price Range of less than £20, with a low customer Rating and not family Friendly, in the riverside area near Burger King.
Strada is a family friendly French restaurant with a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is cheap and located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
The Wrestlers is a high-cost, five-star, family-friendly restaurant.
The Punter offers French food with prices over £30.
Adult only The Waterman located in the city centre serves Japanese food.
The Wrestlers, a fast food coffee shop is not kid friendly. With a high price range, it is near Raja Indian Cuisine and in the riverside area.
The Golden Curry is a Chinese restaurant that's rated 1 out of 5; but is riverside and family friendly located near Café Rouge.
Taste of Cambridge has a average price range of £20-25. it is a highly rated restaurant.
The Twenty Two is a moderately priced kid friendly restaurant with a 3 out of 5 star rating. It is is the riverside area near The Rice Boat.
Fitzbillies is a high priced coffee shop in the city centre that provides Japanese food. It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and children are prohibited.
The Punter is a low-priced Chinese restaurant.
The Waterman serves Fast food by the riverside; it has a moderate price range and 3 out of 5 rating but is not suitable for children.
Browns Cambridge near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city center. This coffee  shop serves amazing Italian food, has a 5 out 5 rating. Leave the kids at home for this establishment.
3 out of 5 stars is pretty high for a coffee shop. There is a shop in riverside near Café Brazil named The Vaults that is really good.
The Alimentum serves Chinese good in the riverside area.  It is in the high price range.
The Waterman provides Indian food in the high price range . It is located in the city centre.
The Waterman is a great family-friendly restaurant. It is cheap and has a great menu.
The Eagle is a family-friendly, Japanese, coffee shop located in the city centre near the Burger King. However, it has a low customer rating and the meals cost more than 30 pounds.
The Vaults, near Café Brazil, is located in the city centre. A great coffee shop at a high price and a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Phoenix offers sushi at low cost. They are a five star restaurant on the riverfront.
At the riverside is Green Man, whose food costs about £20-25 and is kids friendly.
Fitzbillies is high rated coffee shop with ratings as 5 out of 5 located in the riverside. It is children friendly and serves French food with price range more than £30.
A moderate priced pub The Olive Grove offers a yes to kid friendly eats with a moderate price. Located riverside.
The Twenty Two is located in the center of the city. It serves French food and is not family-friendly.
You can eat for less than £20 at The Eagle in the city centre. It has a low customer rating.
An Italian place with a moderate price range near Clare Hall and the riverside name Bibimbap House.
The Vaults is a moderate priced Chinese restaurant.  Kid Friendly.
Bibimbap House is serving fast food near The Rice Boat in the riverside area.
Zizzi is a Fast food pub which is not family-friendly and a customer rating of 5.
The Golden Curry, located near The Bakers provides Chinese food at a price range of high. It is not child friendly, however.
Blue Spice is a high-end family friendly establishment north of the city centre.
Cotto is located in riverside near All Bar One and has price ranges at more than £30.
The Eagle coffee shop is rated 1 out of 5 by its customers.   The Eagle is high priced.   The Eagle is situated near Burger King in the riverside area.  Children Friendly - yes.
Rated 3 out of 5, The Rice Boat offers fast food that is moderately priced not for kids. It is located at the riverside near the Express by Holiday Inn.
Fitzbillies is an average rated family friendly coffee shop in the riverside area. It has a low price range.
For a three star customer rated French food, try The Rice Boat, in the Riverside area, near Express by Holiday Inn, but is not child friendly
The Punter coffee Shop, restaurant is down the street from the 'Café Sicilia'.
The Eagle in the riverside area is cheap and averagely rated by customers.
Strada is an Italian kid friendly place near Rainbow Vegetarian Café. It has low ratings and is cheap.
There is a medium priced coffee shop Fitzbillies that is family friendly.
There is a an establishment located in the city centre that is moderately priced called The Waterman. It is not kids friendly and has a rating of 1 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge is located in the riverside area near to The Sorrento and it provides Italian food. Also it is friendly for kids.
The Eagle offers Japanese food and coffee shop with cheap price near Burger King in riverside.
Fitzbillies near the riverside is a adult only coffee shop with low customer ratings.
Located in the city centre, near Café Rouge, there is a place where they provide English food, The Golden Curry. It is not family-friendly and its rating is low.
The Wrestlers is a nicely made French coffee shop that is kids friendly and located near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area. The price range is moderate.
Wildwood is pub that provides Indian food with prices around £20-25. It has a high customer rating.
A family friendly pub by the river that serves English cuisine is called Giraffe.
3 Star Classic American cuisine at an affordable price.  Family friendly The Punter coffee shop, just north of  Café Sicilia.
The Olive Grove is a fast food pub at the riverside, it is family-friendly and  costs less than £20.
Next to The Portland Arms is a coffee shop with a one star rating called The Cricketers which is not family friendly.
Taste of Cambridge is a coffee shop located by the river near the Crown Plaza Hotel. It serves Italian food and is family friendly.
Browns Cambridge is an Italian coffee shop, located near Crowne Plaza Hotel by the riverside. The establishment is not family-friendly. Rated average.
Cocum is a family friendly coffee shop with a three star rating.
There is a family-friendly but high priced coffee shop in City centre called Fitzbillies.
The Golden Palace coffee shop has moderate prices and a 3 out of 5 customer rating.
The Golden Curry serves Chinese food and has high customer ratings, is child friendly, and is located near Café Rouge in the Riverside Area.
The Golden Curry provides Indian food It is located in the riverside. It is near Café Rouge. Its customer rating is low.
The Vaults serves Japanese good costing more than 30. It is not children friendly.
The Mill is a high priced pub serving Indian food in Riverside
There is an  English restaurant that is called The Vaults.
The pub Cocum has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and is in the moderate  price range. It is  not kids friendly.
Giraffe, located near The Bakers, is a children friendly coffee shop with a high customer rating and a price range of more than 30 euros.
There is a family friendly, English pub in riverside called Giraffe.
Offering moderately priced Indian fare in the Riverside area, The Waterman has been rated as 3 out of 5 by diners and is for recommended for adults.
Bibimbap House is a fast food restaurant located near Clare Hall.
The Golden Palace is not close to the City centre.
There is a restaurant located in the city centre with low customer ratings called The Eagle.
With a customer rating 1 out of 5 The Rice Boat offers non kids friendly English food for a moderate price range near the Express by Holiday Inn.
The Cambridge Blue is a pub providing Japanese food. It is located near Café Brazil
In riverside there is a restaurant priced above £30 called Zizzi.
The Olive Grove, located on the riverside, has a price range between  £20-25. It is a pub and is friendly for kids.
There is a restaurant named Loch Fyne that provides classic and tasty meals for a cheap price
In Riverside, the pub Clowns has a low customer rating and a price range of more than  £30.
Midsummer House serves Italian food near Café Rouge and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
There is a kids friendly place called Browns Cambridge that serves French food in Riverside near The Sorrento
Strada is a highly priced Japanese restaurant close to the Rainbow Vegetarian Café. It has good customer ratings and children are welcome.
Blue Spice serves English food in city centre with price range less than £20.
The Waterman is a child-friendly establishment in the city centre that provides expensive Japanese food.  It is rated 5 out of 5 by customers.
Green Man is a pub selling Japanese food near Café Rouge near the city centre.
The Cambridge Blue's customer rating is 5 out of 5. It is a French restaurant
Wildwood is a cheap Italian pub with a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
The Punter family friendly coffee shop with less than £20 price range serves Japanese food near Café Sicilia has a low customer rating.
Although The Golden Curry which received low customer ratings, is a very family friendly French food restaurant
The Phoenix provides Chinese food in the cheap price range. It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is average.
Customers have rated Strada restaurant as average.
Browns Cambridge serves moderately priced Italian style food accompanied with wine.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop providing Indian food It is located in the riverside. It is near Crowne Plaza Hotel. Its customer rating is average.
The Eagles is rated 5 out of 5, serving Japanese food in a coffee shop. It is higher than average priced, and located near the city centre near Burger King.
There's a Fast food restaurant near the city centre that's not kid friendly, with a moderate price range, called Alimentum.
Green Man provides Chinese food in the high price range. It is located in the city centre. It is near All Bar One.
Near Express by Holiday Inn is The Rice Boat.  It is kid friendly and highly rated for its mid priced Japanese food.
For a higher priced family friendly Chinese food pub go to The Olive Grove.
The best pub food near Café Adriatic is The Vaults which has a price range of 20 to 25 Euros along with a high customer rating.
The Eagle is an average rated coffee shop for adults that serves an array of moderately priced fast food. It is located near Burger King in riverside.
Close to the Express by Holiday Inn, you can find Fitzbillies, a mid-range restaurant.
The Olive Grove is a pub serving Chinese food for less than £20.  It's family friendly and is in the city centre.
The Olive Grove offers high-priced Japanese food and are child-friendly. They can be found in the riverside area.
For more than  £30, try out Indian food at Fitzbillies. Just located by The Six Bells.
Based in the city centre near the Café Rouge, The Golden Curry has a low customer rating and serves French food.  it is not family-friendly.
In the city centre area is an English restaurant named Aromi.
Near Café Brazil, The Cambridge Blue offers Japanese pub for more than 30 euros.
The Mill, located in riverside is an English style high prices pub.
Italian food is served at moderates prices in the The Mill Pub by the riverside.
Midsummer House serves English food at low prices near All Bar One. It has a low customer rating.
For a highly priced non-child friendly Italian restaurant, The Golden Curry is located near The Bakers.
The Clowns coffee shop serves Italian food, it is located along the riverside, near Clare Hall, it has a low customer rating.
Browns Cambridge has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 while also being cheap.
The pub The Dumpling Tree serves Italian food is kids-friendly and is located near The Portland Arms
By the riverside and near All Bar One, Cotto is inexpensive.
The Punter is an average coffee shop that provides cheap fast food. It is located near Café Sicilia and it is not family-friendly.
Zizzi is an Indian pub that is highly rated and kid friendly.
A family-friendly eatery on the riverbank, north of the City  centre, the 5-star Fitzbillies is a moderately-priced coffee shop serving a range of fast-food options.
Fitzbillies coffee shop serves Indian food with meals priced at £20-25.  It is highly-rated, by the riverside and not suitable for children.
The Rice Boat is located in the city centre area near Express by Holiday Inn. It has Italian food in the £20-25 price range with a high customer rating, but is not kid friendly.
Midsummer House is an excellent but expensive Japanese restaurant near the All Bar One.
A restaurant with a moderate price range is  The Golden Palace
The Phoenix is located in the Northern area of Cambridge. It has fair prices of food and drink. They serve wine, as well.
The Plough is an average priced, Italian pub, that is not family-friendly near Café Rouge.
The Plough is an Indian pub in a moderate price range near Café Rouge. It is not kids friendly.
There is a medium price pub Wildwood located in the center of the city that has a really good reviews.
The Golden Curry provides fast food with low customer ratings. It is not family-friendly.
The Cambridge Blue Italian restaurant has a customer rating of 5 out of 5
Browns Cambridge has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 but has a moderate price rating.
The Alimentum, a family-friendly, French restaurant is both cheap and located near the city center.
The Midsummer House has a low rating and is an eat-in sushi restaurant located northwest of Café Rouge.
There is an expensive restaurant called Midsummer House near All Bar One. It provides cheese and wine and is rated five stars.
The Wildwood is a mid ranged coffee shop with low customer ratings and is located near the Ranch.
The Rice Boat is a restaurant that specializes in Indian food Their customer ratings are low. They are located in city centre and are family friendly.
The Punter, located near Café Sicilia, serves cheap Indian food in a coffee shop setting. Customers have rated The Punter as average. It is a family friendly place.
Wildwood is a pub serving Indian food with an average customer rating and a high price range.
The Travellers Rest Beefeater down the riverside near Café Adriatic has a high customer rating and average price range.
A restaurant named Loch Fyne serves French food and is child friendly.
Giraffe is a low price coffee shop near The Bakers that you can take the whole family to.  It has a low customer rating.
Highly rated Cocum is a child-friendly restaurant.
Alimentum is a low priced, three star restaurant located on the river near the Yippee Noodle Bar.
The Cambridge Blue is a restaurant with a low customer rating that serves Fast food.
Loch Fyne is an upscale Chinese restaurant. Please do not bring children.
Fitzbillies coffee shop, family friendly Japanese food. 3 stars and affordable, right by the river.
The Waterman is a Japanese pub in the city centre with average customer rating.
Fitzbillies is near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café with a high price range
There is a high cost coffee shop called Giraffe next to The Bakers.
The Golden Curry provides Chinese food Its customer rating is average.
In the riverside area is a Japanese place called The Waterman. It is not family-friendly, but is given an average rating by customers and its menu is less than £20.
The Waterman is a pub just north of the City Centre that serves fine wines and cheeses. It's rated three stars.
Strada is a Chinese pub that has a average customer rating: 3 out of 5, located near Yippee Noodle Bar.
Clowns is a coffee shop near Clare Hall at the riverside, serving French food with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
An average, Italian styled coffee shop is in the riverside, near Clare Hall. It's called Clowns.
The Olive Grove is a riverside non family-friendly pub serving Italian food for less than £20.
Wildwood restaurant is not family friendly.
The Eagle is a lowly rated Chinese restaurant.
There is a Fast-food restaurant in the center of the city near All Bar One named Green Man that is family-friendly.
The Aromi is a children friendly pub located on the riverside. It gets a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
A moderately priced coffee Shop 'The Vaults'  found in the Riverside area, close to Café Brazil, with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Yes, The Wrestlers is a cheap,  family friendly restaurant, it has a 5 out of 5 customer rating and serves Japanese food.
The Phoenix, located in Riverside, provides expensive, but high quality, Indian food.
Loch Fyne is in riverside area near The Rice Boat. Customers rating Loch Fyne as low. It serves Japanese food just near riverside area.
The restaurant, Strada offers affordable and delightful pasta and is located near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
Zizzi restaurant is centrally located offering moderately priced food.
There is an expensive, Fast food place called The Wrestlers that has a one star rating and isn't family-friendly.
Riverside has a fast food restaurant named The Waterman. They offer children friendly dining with an average customer rating in the high price range.
The Taste of Cambridge is a family friendly Indian coffee shop located near the Crowne Plaza Hotel and city centre.
The Waterman is a kid friendly Chinese restaurant with an average price point. Customers love it and it is located by the river.
The Dumpling Tree is a high priced Indian restaurant.
In Riverside, near Yippee Noodle Bar Alimentum serves cheap Chinese food, rated 5 out of 5
The Olive Grove is a riverside pub that serves English food for high prices. Don't take your children there though as it is not children-friendly
The Wrestlers coffee shop is now serving French food at low prices in a family friendly atmosphere, located in the riverside area by Raja Indian Cuisine
Loch Fyne is an Indian restaurant. It is family friendly but costs more than £30.
The kids friendly The Twenty Two is moderately priced and received a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is located in the riverside area near The Rice Boat.
Fitzbillies coffee shop on the outskirts of the town is low cost and family friendly.
The Golden Palace is a moderate priced coffee shop that serves Indian food, has a 3 out of 5 customer rating and is located in the city centre.
An adult-only sushi restaurant that is cheap and in the City Centre is called The Rice Boat.  It is by Express by Holiday Inn, and customers rate it one star.
Fitzbillies is an adult coffee shop serving fast food in the city centre. Prices are under £20, and customer ratings are low.
The Eagle is located near Burger King in the riverside area. The Eagle is a very delegate coffee shop that is family friendly and offers Fast food, the customer rating is average and the prices are cheap.
When looking for an affordable, child friendly Japanese food restaurant, Strada is the place to be.  Conveniently located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café, and customer rated 5 out of 5.
The Eagle is a high price range high customer rating coffee shop in the city centre near Burger King. It is kids friendly ad they serve Japanese food.
Cocum is a family-friendly restaurant with average customer ratings.
Visit the riverside area. The Mill is a pub that serves Japanese food for less than £20.
Strada is kids friendly and serves French food, price range is moderate and the customer rating is a 1 out of 5 located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
The Rice Boat located near Express by Holiday Inn has a bad rating it is not kid friendly but serves Indian food and has a moderate price range
The French coffee shop, Browns Cambridge, is child-friendly with a low customer rating, located near Crown Plaza Hotel in the riverside area.
Clowns is a restaurant for the kids near Café Sicilia with the price range of £20-25.
Browns Cambridge, a family-friendly coffee shop, is situated in the riverside area near to the Crowne Plaza Hotel. It serves French food and has an average rating.
The Waterman is a highly recommended fast food venue in the mid-range, located in Luton.
Families near Café Rouge looking for British cuisine can find The Plough, a pub in the mid-price range, directly in the area.
Alimentum serves French food at a price range less than  £20, but with a low customer rating. Alimentum is located at the city centre near the Yippee Noodle Bar.
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly, high customer rating  Fast food coffee shop, located in riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Fitzbillies, located near The Six Bells, serves Indian food for £20-25 per person.
The Plough is a Chinese pub with a moderate price range. It is not kid-friendly and it is located near Café Rouge.
The Punter restaurant serves French food.  It is located near Café Sicilia.  It's also a coffee shoo.  Family friendly.  Cheap price range.  5 out of 5 rating.
Browns Cambridge is a Sushi Bar located in the area that is low priced and has an overall high customer rating.
The Cambridge Blue is a pub in the mid price range. This pub is close to Café Brazil.
There is a child friendly Fast food place called The Waterman near the Crowne Plaza Hotel.
The Twenty Two is a family friendly restaurant in the riverside area near The Rice Boat. The price range is less than 20 pounds, but has a low customer rating.
Green Man is a pleasant place of English food in the Riverside area located near All Bar One and moderate price
Blue Spice is a coffee shop with a moderate price, is kid friendly, and has rating of 1 out of 5 - it's by the riverside near Avalon.
Cotto, located near The Portland Arms, offers upscale selections of coffee, wines, cheeses, and other menu items sure to delight your taste buds.
A five star coffee shop called The Eagle is situated next to Burger King. It is great for families and offers medium prices.
Cocum is a highly rated, French style coffee shop aimed at adults at a medium price range.
Loch Fyne is a restaurant that offers food such as pasta.
Kids are welcome at Loch Fyne, an English restaurant.
The Phoenix serves Indian food in the riverside area. They are high priced but they are rated 1 out of 5 by customers.
A moderately priced Chinese restaurant called Alimentum is in the riverside area near the Yippee Noodle Bar. Customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Bibimbap House is a fast food restaurant, providing affordable and cheap food. It is located in Riverside, nearby Clare Hall.
Wildwood is an Indian pub with a high price range with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
There is a cheap family-friendly fast food restaurant Strada located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café. It is an average restaurant.
The Punter is a non-child friendly, high priced fast food coffee shop that is located near Café Sicilia.
The Waterman is a pub restaurant in Riverside.  It serves Italian food and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Strada is a restaurant that serves Chinese food for a moderate price. It is located near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café, rated one out of five stars, and is not children friendly.
Loch Fyne is a child free restaurant with moderately priced English food.
The Japanese restaurant called The Dumpling Tree has good prices.
In the city centre serving English food in a high price range is Alimentum. They are not child friendly.
Located in the area of City Centre, The Rice Boat offers fast food and is low rated and not family-friendly.
The Eagle coffee shop is a family Café. Mid-range price and very close to Burger King restaurant.
Wildwood is a moderately priced Japanese coffee shop near Ranch. It has a low rating of 1 out of 5 .
The Olive Grove is a pub.  It is not a kid friendly establishment.  It is located in the riverside area.  It is moderately priced.
Family friendly Strada rated 5 out of 5 serves cheap.
There is a family friendly coffee shop The Cricketers located near The Portland Arms.  It provides Italian food and customers have rated it 1 out of 5.
Located near the Crown Plaza Hotel, in the riverside area is Taste of Cambridge. This is a family friendly coffee shop that offers French food.
A non family-friendly coffee shop located in riverside near the Crowne Plaza Hotel is Browns Cambridge. Most of the customers rate it as average.
Loch Fyne is a family friendly restaurant serving English food.
Zizzi offers a family friendly pub setting, serving French food with a customer rating of low.
A French serving coffee shop near Clare Hall in the city centre is Clowns. They have a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Green Man in the riverside area is a family friendly establishment in the lower price range. It offers Indian food and can be fond near All Bar One.
Fitzbillies is a five star family friendly coffee shop in the medium price range located in the city centre.
Price range for Chinese food in Blue Spice that is located in riverside is more than £30.
Near the riverside area is a place that serves Italian food. It is by the Crowne Plaza Hotel. It has a high rating and there is a coffee shop. It is called the Browns Cambridge and yes, it is kid friendly.
There is a restaurant named The Twenty Two Located in city center serving Japanese Food but not family-friendly
The Rice Boat is a high priced fast food restaurant located in the city centre near Express by Holiday Inn. It has a one of five customer rating and is not children friendly.
The Rice Boat is a family-friendly cheap fast food restaurant. It is located near the Express by Holiday Inn at city center with an average rating.
Cocum restaurant is  family-Friendly. customer rating is low.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is located in the Riverside area near Café Adriatic. It has shown to be satisfactory with its customers and continues to offer moderately priced foods.
The Wildwood is a coffee shop near Ranch, serving English food, with a high customer rating and a price range more than  £30.
Alimentum provides Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in the city centre.
A coffee shop named The Eagle with moderate prices selling Italian food, not for kids, with a rating of 1 out of 5. It is near Burger King in the center of the city.
Clowns is a high priced pub located near the river. It received one star.
Aromi is a pub located near the riverside. However, it is not family-friendly and has an average customer rating.
The Rice Boat serves Chinese cuisine and has a 3 out of 5 customer rating, located in the Riverside area and it's kid friendly.
Strada is an average Italian restaurant with cheap prices that's located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly Chinese restaurant in the riverside area located near The Sorrento.
Fitzbillies is a Italian restaurant with low prices located near The Six Bells.
This restaurant Aromi is in the riverside area and has Japanese food.
Alimentum is a place near Yippee Noodle Bar in Riverside. It is low priced, has a high customer rating, and sells Italian food.
The Phoenix in riverside has French food with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The name of the dining place is Strada.  Yes, it is family friendly and the price range is less than £20.  It is near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café and serves French food.  The average customer rating is low.
There is a restaurant The Waterman located in the riverside that serves Indian food.
A child-friendly restaurant, called The Waterman, offers means starting around £30.
The Wrestlers, a children friendly restaurant, offers a high-priced Chinese food menu.
Wildwood is a pub serving Italian food. It has a high price range and a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Punter serves Italian food and prices are more than £30.
Aromi is a coffee shop with burgers, French fries and soda and is not family friendly.
Cocum coffee shop serve French food, have a 3 out of 5 customer rating, a price range of £20-25 and are not family-friendly.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop rated 5 out of 5 by customers located in the city centre. It provides Italian cuisine for a low price range.
The Mill, is a low-priced coffee shop serving Japanese cuisine located in Riverside near The Sorrento.
Welcome to The Rice Boat. Our food is Italian and we are located in the city centre.
The Vaults is a family friendly restaurant offering delicious western style food
The Rice Boat is not a family-friendly Fast food eatery, but has a customer rating of 5 out of 5, is cheap, and is located near Express by Holiday Inn in the city centre.
Blue Spice is a moderately priced place in the riverside area.
The Wrestlers is a Chinese food restaurant with high customer ratings with the price range of  £20-25 and is not kid friendly.
Cocum for coffee shop offers Fast food for cheap price for kids Friendly.
The Golden Palace is a fast food coffee shop in the city centre, is has a high customer rating and has a price range of more than £30.
A fairly priced Italian restaurant would be The Dumpling Tree.
With a high customer rating the Italian food restaurant, The Golden Curry near Café Rouge in Riverside is children friendly
The Punter, a medium priced venue that really does deliver good food.
Taste of Cambridge is a fast food, kid friendly coffee shop by the riverside area, near Crown Plaza Hotel.
Browns Cambridge has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 with a price range of more than £30
Poorly rated The Wrestlers is not child friendly and its Japanese food is expensive.
Aromi is a family-friendly coffee shop located at the city centre with a customer rating 5 out of 5. They have Japanese food.
The Rice Boat is a kid friendly fast food restaurant located in the city centre. It is located near Express by Holiday Inn and has a high customer rating. The price range is  £20-25.
The coffee shop Cotto in the city centre,near The Portland Arms is in the expensive price range, but has good customer ratings.
A cheap family friendly coffee shop near Burger King serving fast food in riverside would be The Eagle with cheap prices and a perfect rating of 5 out of 5.
Alimentum is family friendly, serves English food, has low prices and is located on a riverside.
Bibimbap House is near Clare Hall in city centre with French food and average price.
The Phoenix is a Chinese restaurant with a price range of 20-25 pounds. The customer rating is high and it can be located near the riverside.
The Green Man serves Japanese food in a family friendly environment that's cheap. It is located on the Riverside near All Bar One.
Zizzi, average in both ratings and cost, is a family-friendly coffee shop near the city centre.
Clowns is a pub in Riverside rated 3 out of 5 but has a high price range.
Italian cuisine and Spirits at an affordable 5 Star restaurant near the river,  The Phoenix.
Cotto is a Japanese restaurant near Ranch with a low customer rating but a children friendly environment.
restaurant The Plough is cheap.  It is located near The Bakers.  It is family friendly.
The Japanese restaurant The Wrestlers is child friendly. The price range is £30 and above.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop that serves kid friendly moderately priced Japanese food and is located near Raja Indian Cuisine near the city centre.
Close to The Bakers, The Golden Curry is serving delicious French cuisine. Cheap family friendly environment.
Cotto, near Ranch,  serves Indian food. It is kid-friendly and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
There is a moderately priced kids friendly restaurant Loch Fyne serving English Food.
There is a pub with prices between 20-25 £ near the riverside, named Clowns and the customers rated this place 3 out of 5.
Cocum is a five star rated coffee shop offering Japanese cuisine. It is family friendly and in the high price range.
The Golden Curry is located in Cambridge. The Golden Curry is not for families. The Golden Curry has a one star rating.
By the riverside near Clare Hall, you will find Bibimbap House, which serves high priced French food.
The Eagle provides an Indian coffee shop experience at a reasonable price. Rated highly it can be found near Burger King on the riverside, but children are not welcome.
Alimentum is a three star French restaurant with high prices. It is located outside of the City Centre, near to Yippee Noodle Bar.
Blue Spice is a low rated coffee shop in the area of riverside with a moderate price range. It is kids friendly and is located near Avalon.
The Vaults is a coffee shop with a less than £20 price range. It is located near Café Brazil in the area of riverside but has a low customer rating.
Aromi is a riverside Chinese restaurant.
Aromi is a 1-star coffee shop and not family friendly.
The Cambridge Blue is a restaurant with a customer rating of one out of five
Blue Spice is a high-priced family friendly restaurant located in City Centre. 5 out of 5 customer rating.
The Bibimbap House is a cheap fast food place located near Clare Hall by the riverside.
The Phoenix has received high customer ratings for its Indian food. It is located in the riverside area.
The Indian coffee shop near the Crowne Plaza Hotel is called Browns Cambridge. It has an average rating but its family friendly.
Wildwood is a five-star rated coffee shop located near Ranch, offering moderately priced food and drink with an excellent standard of service.
A child-friendly pub near The Sorrento, the Taste of Cambridge is in the riverside area.
The Cambridge Blue restaurant is an Italian restaurant.
Strada is kids friendly and serves French food, price range is moderate and the customer rating is a 1 out of 5 located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
The Golden Curry is a family-friendly Italian restaurant located near Café Rouge at city centre. It is rated 5 out of 5.
Aromi is a family-friendly coffee shop in the city centre.  It has an average customer rating and serves French food.
The Rice Boat sell Indian food, 1 out of 5 customer rating,  located in Riverside, kid friendly
A cheap Indian coffee shop, The Punter, is not family friendly and only has  average ratings.  This restaurant is located near Café Sicilia
Alimentum is a Japanese restaurant with a rating of 3 out of 5. Prices range from £20-25. They are located in the city center near Yippee Noodle Bar.
The Golden Palace coffee shop is an average priced coffee shop located in the city centre. They serve high rated Indian food.
Alimentum provide Indian food. The prices are in the high range, although the customer ratings are average. They are located in the city centre near Yippee Noodle Bar.
The Mill is a coffee shop located on the riverside near The Sorrento. It serves Indian food, with prices ranging from more than £30.
For Indian food try The Golden Curry, a not family friendly restaurant with a low satisfaction rating.
In the middle of the city is a high priced restaurant called Browns Cambridge.
The Rice Boat, located in the riverside area, is a child-friendly English restaurant with high customer satisfaction.
Fitzbillies serves Italian food and they have a moderate price range. They are located near The Six Bells.
The Rice Boat serves French food in the city centre.
Alimentum is an expensive restaurant near Yippee Noodle Bar.
The Eagle is a coffee shop located just outside the city center for families that serves food. Located next to the Burger King.
A family friendly Indian food place is The Vaults.  It has a price of less than 20.00.
Midsummer House has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 and serves Chinese food.  It is near Café Rouge.
The Eagle is a French food venue with a  3 out of 5 customer rating.
Strada is an Indian restaurant serving expensive food and is not child friendly. It has an average rating and is near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
The city centre restaurant Zizzi is suitable for those on a budget.
Moderately priced Italian food is served at Alimentum which is kid friendly and conveniently located in the city centre.
There is a cheap Italian restaurant called The Phoenix in the riverside area. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Cocum is a family friendly pub, serving meals above £30 with a Customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Cotto is a more than £30-priced coffee shop in near The Portland Arms that delivers take-away.
Offering a moderate price range, The Vaults is a pub located near Café Adriatic. Their rating from customers is 1 out of 5.
There is a Chinese restaurant that is child friendly, has  a high price range and has a 1 out of 5 customer rating named The Wrestlers.
The Strada is located near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café. The Strada is a moderately priced fast food restaurant with 3 out of 5 stars and is not child friendly.
The Rice Boat provides Indian food in the high price range. It is located in the riverside. It is near Express by Holiday Inn. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Cricketers, a pub near Ranch, is highly rated but not family-friendly.
There is Italian food near All Bar One by the riverside with a moderate price range called Green Man.
Near Clare Hall, there is a well-rated coffee shop called Clowns.
The pub Taste of Cambridge is family friendly and is located near The Sorrento in the riverside area.
The coffee shop Cocum provides fast food in the cheap price range. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5 and it is not family-friendly.
Ranch Japanese restaurant Cotto gets an impressive 5 out of 5 customer rating.
Strada is  in the moderate price range, is kid friendly, and is rated 1 out of 5 by customers.
Clowns pub in City centre has a 3 out of 5 rating and moderate pricing.
Mid-range priced sushi, 5 star food and family friendly into the bargain, try The Wrestlers.
Alimentum is an high priced fast food restaurant located at the end of the city.
The Eagle provides French cuisine, and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Phoenix is an Indian restaurant located near riverside. Customers give it a high rating.
Located near the river The Olive Grove is a value for money family friendly restaurant.
There is a cheap, family friendly Indian coffee shop in Riverside. It is called The Fitzbillies and has 5 out of 5 customer rating.
The Vaults offers British food at a cheap price point, and it is family friendly.
Midsummer House is a highly rated Italian restaurant near Café Rouge.
Moderately priced Taste of Cambridge is a restaurant rated 1 out of 5 by customers.
The Rice Boat is a 5 out of 5 rated, cheap, family-friendly, fast-food restaurant in riverside, near Express by Holiday Inn.
For Indian food try The Fitzbillies.  It is near The Six Bells and has a price range of more than 30.
The Golden Curry serves French food. It is family friendly and has an average rating.
French food with a 5 out of 5 rating can be found at The Punter coffee shop near Café Sicilia.  It is not child friendly and has a more than £30 price range.
At the riverside, Bibimbap House serves French food. It can be found near The Rice Boat.
The Cricketers family friendly coffee shop serves French food.  It is located near The Portland Arms and has a low customer rating.
Near Café Rouge you can try French cuisine, with a rating of 3 out of 5, at the Midsummer House.
Aromi is a coffee shop by the river. It is family friendly but has received poor reviews.
If want to eat pasta there is a restaurant in the south of the city. Its name is Green Man near of the All Bar One.
There is a fast food restaurant located North of the City Centre by The Rice Boat called Loch Fyne. It has been rated 5 out of 5 stars.
Wildwood pub has Indian food in the high price range with an average customer rating.
A pub with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 located near the Café Adriatic, The Vaults is a cheap option.
Near Clare Hall there is a coffee shop named Clowns that serves French food by the riverside and it has received a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
This children friendly restaurant serving excellent Japanese food. Loch Fyne serves excellent food at a slightly above average price, but it is worth it.
Blue Spice is a restaurant. it is located in the riverside. His Price range is more than £30
Green Man has Italian food with high prices located near All Bar One in city centre. They are not kid friendly.
family-friendly Pub The Cricketers is near Ranch and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
There is a high-priced Japanese restaurant Midsummer House located in City Centre near All Bar One.
In the city centre, there is a kid-friendly pub that serves Indian food at a moderate price, The Olive Grove.
The Eagle is a low rated coffee shop that serves Indian food in the riverside area near Burger King. The Eagle has a price range of less than £20, and is not family friendly.
Looking for French food in the city centre, The Waterman is a highly praised eatery offering 5 star adult dining starting from £30.
The Golden Curry is  child friendly and serves French Food at high prices, it is situated near The Bakers.
Located near the Ranch is the Cotto Chinese restaurant.  This is a child friendly establishment with high customer ratings.
Alimentum is an affordable Indian food establishment with an average customer rating located in the City Centre, near Yippee Noodle Bar.
A reasonably priced French coffee shop, Fitzbillies is located in the riverside area and received an average customer rating.
Fitzbillies family friendly coffee shop features cheap Japanese food in the riverside area. Our customers have given us a 5 out of 5 rating.
On the riverside near Express by Holiday Inn is The Rice Boat which serves Indian food. The price range is moderate  with a customer rating of 3 out of 5. They are kid friendly.
Cocum is a pub that does not allow families and is middle priced.
Wakey  wakey  it's Browns Cambridge low priced eggs and bakey
There is a pricey, family friendly, one star restaurant known as The Wrestlers.
Located in riverside near Express by Holiday Inn, The Rice Boat provides Japanese food with a customer rating 1 out of 5. It is not kids friendly.
Midsummer House earned a customer rating of 1 our of 5. This establishment features Chinese cuisine and is located near Café Rouge.
Rated 5 out of 5 The Golden Curry is not family friendly, serving Chinese foods.
The Twenty Two is a family friendly establishment offering English cuisine.
The Waterman is a reasonably priced, family friendly Indian restaurant in Riverside.
Located in the city centre, the Green Man is family-friendly and cheap.
There is a French, moderately priced French restaurant called Fitzbillies, near The Six Bells.
There is a cheap restaurant Fitzbillies located near Express by Holiday Inn.  Not family-friendly with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The family-friendly establishment, The Wrestlers, serves Japanese food at a higher than average price.  Customers give this location 1 out of 5 stars.
Beside the Crown Plaza Hotel and the river, there is an Italian food serving coffee shop called Taste of Cambridge. It is family friendly.
Near Yippee Noodle Bar in the centre of the city is Alimentum.  Fast food with a price range of £20-25, it has high customer ratings.
The Vaults is a low priced Italian restaurant that is not family-friendly.
adult only moderate priced Japanese food in the riverside area is The Waterman with 1 out of 5 for customer rating
The Rice Boat provides Chinese food that is affordable, family friendly and centrally located. It has received low ratings.
Near The Bakers there is a kid friendly place called The Golden Curry which serves French food in a moderate price range.
The riverside is one of the many popular places to eat in Cambridge, in particular there is a coffee shop named Taste of Cambridge not far from the Crowne Plaza Hotel. This coffee shop specialises in Italian food and is also a family friendly environment.
The Cambridge Blue is a pub serving excellent French  food, located near Café Brazil, offers great service and great food at a good price.
Fitzbillies is a family-friendly Japanese coffee shop located in city centre.
Taste of Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop, offering French food, located in the riverside area near Crown Plaza Hotel.
Zizzi is a pub that serves Italian food and is rated 1 out of 5 by customers. It is also children Friendly.
The Vaults is a pub located near Café Adriatic and provides good food and drink at a cheap price.
Giraffe is a child friendly pub in the riverside area that serves French food.
The Golden Curry restaurant is located near Café Rouge in the riverside area.  The Golden Curry is a family friendly restaurant serving Japanese food. Currently, the customer rating for The Golden Curry restaurant is low.
The Punter offers Japanese cuisine at an upper-end price range.
There's this new fast food restaurant named The Phoenix that has an amazing view of the riverside. The food was good, as well as the customer service. It was a average little restaurant.
Next to Clare Hall is a low price point, fast food restaurant called Bibimbap House.
Cotto is a restaurant providing food in the high-end price range.  It is located near All Bar One in the riverside area.
The Strada does Chinese food, but I wouldn't recommend it, its only rated 1 out of 5, and they don't allow children. , but the prices are ok about £20 for a meal. If you decide to go there, you can find it near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
The French restaurant  The Golden Curry is a great place with low customer ratings.
Aromi is a restaurant near the city center that serves Indian dishes.
Green Man provides French cuisine with a high price range near All Bar One.  It is child friendly and located in riverside.
While not a family-friendly coffee shop, Blue Spice has an average price is less than £20 that matches it's average customer rating and is located near Avalon in the riverside area.
Zizzi is a coffee shop style restaurant, which is kid friendly, and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.  The price range is on the high side and located near city centre.
The Mill is a pub near the city centre that offers Italian food in the moderate price range.
The Waterman is a kid friendly Japanese restaurant. they are located in the city center ,costs 20-25 euros, customers rate it 3 out of 5.
Alimentum near Yippee Noodle Bar is in the city centre area. It has fast food and a moderate price range. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Although child friendly with an excellent customer rating The Rice Boat Japanese restaurant  near Express by Holiday Inn in riverside does not come cheap with a price range of more than £30.
Cocum restaurant ratings is 3 out of 5 and they are for family.
On the riverside there is family-friendly The Rice Boat ,they offer a French food . Customer rating is 5.
The Rice Boat is a moderately priced and family friendly restaurant close to the Express by Holiday Inn
If you are looking for a good place to have Chinese food, then try The Wrestlers. It is children-friendly, with hight customer ratings and its prance range around £30.
There is a French food restaurant called The Cambridge Blue but it has a low customer rating.
at a moderate price range, Fitzbillies is kids Friendly with a customer Rating of 3 out of 5. Can be found near the Express by Holiday Inn
Cocum is a restaurant providing take-away deliveries in the low price range and is children friendly.
The Loch Fyne is a moderate priced family restaurant.
With a price range of more than 30 and a customer rating of 5 out of 5, The Twenty Two is located near The Rice Boat in the riverside area..
more than £30, Alimentum, is child friendly and has English food on the riverside
The Waterman is an Indian restaurant in the riverside area in the £20-25 price range, that is kid friendly and has high customer ratings.
Near All Bar One, Midsummer House fast food restaurant low-cost
The Waterman is a pub in riverside serving great Japanese food. With a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
There is a high-price ranged coffee shop The Punter located near Café Sicilia.  1-star rating.
The Rice Boat is a high rated Indian venue located in riverside. It is not kid friendly, has a price range of £20-25, and is near the Express by Holiday Inn.
Aromi is an Italian coffee shop located in the city centre. It is not family-friendly, but has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Taste of Cambridge  is a restaurant  price range more than £30  high customer rating
Cotto is an Indian coffee shop in the high price range near The Portland Arms at the riverside. It has an average customer rating.
Taste of Cambridge has a moderate price range with a 1 out of 5 customer rating restaurant
In the city center, 'The Eagle' is a cheap restaurant with poor customer reviews.
The Vaults is a family friendly moderately priced Chinese food restaurant.
With an average customer rating, The Golden Curry is a family friendly Chinese food joint.
High priced and low rated, the Cocum pub restaurant offers a non-child friendly atmosphere.
The Dumpling Tree restaurant serves Italian food with a price range of £20-25.
Come check out Strada family friendly restaurant at an affordable price conveniently located next to the Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
The Rice Boat can be found in the city centre, near the Express by Holiday Inn. Family friendly, moderately priced and rated 5 out of 5.
Wildwood is an inexpensive pub that serves sushi dishes. Reviewers have decent things to say about this restaurant.
Serving French food, The Cambridge Blue restaurant has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Check out the kid friendly restaurant The Waterman with moderate pricing.
Near Café Rouge is the Wildwood restaurant with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
In the city centre you will find a low rated Fast food coffee shop named The Eagle. It is located near Burger King with items averaging less than £20, however it is not family-friendly.
The Dumpling Tree is a Italian and family-Friendly pub near of The Portland Arms.
Dishes from £30 for all in The Wrestlers, a restaurant rating low
Moderately priced average Indian food is on offer at The Wrestlers but it's not family friendly.
Cotto is a family friendly Japanese joint near Ranch. It has a low customer rating.
The Taste of Cambridge, located on the riverside near the Crowne Plaza Hotel, features a kid-friendly coffee shop atmosphere that serves Japanese cuisine as well.
The Rice Boat is based in the city centre near Express by Holiday Inn.  It is a family-friendly venue serving low cost Italian food and with a low customer rating.
The Rice Boat is a family-friendly Japanese restaurant for a moderate price. It is located at the city centre near the Express by Holiday Inn.
Rated 1 on a scale of 5, The Waterman is an adult focused restaurant in riverside offering moderately priced Indian dishes.
There is a highly rated restaurant in the riverside area that serves Chinese food called The Phoenix.
Blue Spice in the riverside area, serving average meals less than £20 for the whole family.
An Italian restaurant is The Punter, charging more than 30 pounds.
Clowns is a pub in the riverside area. It's in the high price range and has an average customer rating.
The Punter, which sells Japanese food, has a price range of 30 plus euros
For cheap and family friendly Japanese food I suggest you try Loch Fyne.
Cocum is a kid friendly coffee shop that has a moderate price range  and Japanese cuisine it has an overall customer rating of 1 out of 5.
There is a place called The Twenty Two that serves Indian food, is near the city centre, and is not family friendly.
Located in the riverside area, The Rice Boat received a 5 out of 5 review.  It offers a family-friendly Italian menu.
Japanese food type coffee shop, named The Punter, children friendly near Café Sicilia price range more than £30, customer rating 5 out of 5
The Waterman has a customer rating of 3 out of 5. They are kids friendly. They serve English food. The price range is moderate. Located in the city centre.
There is kids-friendly Fast food restaurant rated 1 out of 5 named The Rice Boat at the riverside.
With a 3 out of 5 customer rating, The Cambridge Blue is a French restaurant
Located near The Rice Boat in the city centre area, is the fast-food restaurant Loch Fyne.  This restaurant is rated by customers are being average.
The Phoenix has a moderate price range. They serve French food. They have a customer rating 1 out of 5 and there located in the city centre.
In the town centre there is an Italian coffee shop named The Golden Palace, offering food from £30 at a high rating.
Located on the riverside near The Rice Boat, The Twenty Two is  kid friendly and moderately price. Three out of 5 customers give it a thumbs up.
The Cambridge Blue is a restaurant that provides Chinese food Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
There is a restaurant called The Punter that provides Indian food. It has a cheap price range.
Giraffe, near The Bakers, is a child riddle coffee shop. It is quite expensive though and has a low customer rating.
Blue Spice served Japanese food the price range is more than £30 and its in Riverside.
The Eagle is a family friendly restaurant located near the river and Burger King.
The Mill is a coffee shop serving Indian food with a high price range.  It's in the riverside area near The Sorrento.
Alimentum is a five star, low priced fast food restaurant. It is located next to Yippee Noodle Bar.
The Waterman is a children friendly, Italian restaurant near riverside. its prices average more than £30 and it has high customer ratings.
Green Man is a cheap and family friendly Chinese restaurant in the riverside area.  It is near All Bar One.
Green Man located near the All Bar One on the riverside is not a kids Friendly Fast food which a moderate price range category
For a family-friendly and highly rated French restaurant in the city centre, try The Rice Boat.
Child friendly French coffee shop, Browns Cambridge is located in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
There is a cheap English restaurant located in the city centre, The Phoenix, that has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Alimentum is an inexpensive, family friendly Fast food restaurant located in riverside.
The Phoenix is a French restaurant which cost 30 pounds or more and is located by the riverside with a customer rating of five out of five.
Looking for  a coffee shop serving Indian food in the price range of less than £20, with low customer ratings in the city centre area near Burger King and is family friendly, then visit The Eagle.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop offering French food at a moderate price. It is located in the city centre.
Green Man is an adult establishment near city centre and All Bar One that serves fast food.  It prices are on the high side.
Found a medium priced Chinese restaurant named Loch Fyne. Not kid friendly.
The Waterman is a pub in the riverside area which serves Italian meals with a high customer rating.
The Rice Boat is an Italian family friendly place in riverside near Express by Holiday Inn.  It has a low customer rating but a less than £20 price range.
The Twenty Two located in the north of the city  is a restaurant
Green Man is in the riverside area, is kids Friendly, and is in the moderate price Range.
The Waterman is a family-friendly English food place with their prices ranges less than £20. They are located in the city center with a low customer rating.
The Strada, near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café serves Japanese food within a price range of £20-25. It's a no for kids with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Loch Fyne is average customer rated restaurant located in The Rice Boat.
Cocum is a mid-priced coffee shop that is not family friendly
A coffee shop named The Eagle with Japanese food is located near Burger King and the city centre. It is not kids friendly with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Cambridge Blue is a English restaurant with a high rating.
Cotto is a high price range Indian coffee shop located near The Portland Arms in city centre, with average ratings.
The Vaults is not family-friendly. It offers English food and the price range is less than £20.
A moderate costing fast food restaurant called the Bibimbap House is in the city centre near Clare Hall.
The Waterman With a customer rating of 1 out of 5, is a pub the serves Chinese food at the riverside
A high price venue that is children friendly and in the riverside area is Green Man.
The Olive Grove has price range of less than £20. It is a family friendly pub on the riverside.
In city centre near Clare Hall you can find Japanese food serving coffee shop called Clowns. It is customer rated 5 out of 5.
The Golden Curry is a Chinese with a 3 out of 5 rating and is kid friendly.
With an average customer rating, The Phoenix serves English food in the riverside area.
Not family friendly, Chinese restaurant Alimentum offers prices 20 euro and below.  It is located in the city centre.
The Waterman restaurant is not a family-friendly restaurant that serves Italian food that is cheap in that Riverside area that has an average Customer rating.
The Vaults is a cheap, family friendly Fast food joint.
Cotto, a coffee shop that offers Japanese cuisine, is located near The Portland Arms in the riverside area. Cotto offers moderately competitive prices and has received a 1 out of 5 customer rating.
An option for Indian cuisine is The Wrestlers.  This is a coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre.  This establishment costs more than others and does not allow children.
Cocum is a Japanese coffee shop, whose meals average less than E20, but recently they received low customer service ratings due to not being family-friendly.
Fitzbillies is an Indian coffee shop with a moderate price range, located in riverside. The customer ratings are 1 out of 5 and is kid friendly.
Customers give a 3 out of 5 rating to The Twenty Two, a pub by the riverside near Café Sicilia.
The Golden Curry is a cheap Japanese food restaurant. It is not family-friendly and it is located near The Bakers.
Located in city centre, The Waterman is an expensive French restaurant that received a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
The coffee shop, The Dumpling Tree, is family-friendly and has prices less than 20. It is located near Café Sicilia in the city centre.
The Waterman is a children friendly Fast food establishment. There price range is high and there customer rating is 1 out of 5.  The Waterman is located in the city centre and is child friendly. high End fast good can be priced accordingly.
Strada is a restaurant  in Indian,  the price range £20-25, with high customer ratings and is kids friendly, located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
The Waterman is a cheap, average English restaurant by the river and is not family-friendly.
For highly rated, family friendly Indian food, try The Golden Curry in the city centre, near Café Rouge.
The Waterman restaurant sell five star fast-food for all the family.
There is an inexpensive restaurants near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café called The Rice Boat
The Eagle has a customer rating of average and sells French food.
With a cheap price range along the riverside, the coffee shop named The Wrestlers is family friendly and serves Fast food Raja Indian Cuisine.
If you are searching for a low price range menu, there is a cheap coffee shop called Fitzbillies. It is not family-friendly, but it is quite good.
Travellers Rest Beefeaters is located near Café Adriatic on the riverside. Serving food at higher than average prices and lower ratings.
There's a family-friendly fast-food place near Ranch. It's called Cotto and has average customer reviews.
The Golden Palace is  located  in the riverside area, with an average customer rating, and is a French coffee shop, with a price range of less than £20.
Strada is a high end restaurant with a high customer rating. Strada is located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café and is not child friendly.  Strada  price range is a bit higher than most but for the quality of food it is worth it . Strada would be a great place to take a date or for a special occasion.
The Waterman is a family friendly place that is rated three stars.
There is a non family friendly Indian restaurant called Loch Fyne.
The Mill is pub that serves cheap Italian food in riverside area.
Near the Express by Holiday Inn in the city centre is a family friendly fine dining restaurant named The Rice Boat.  It has a 1 of 5 customer rating and low prices.
The Waterman loves  French food Crown Plaza Hotel
There is a cheap coffee shop Wildwood located in City Centre near Ranch.
For an expensive Italian meal why not try The Punter near Café Sicilia, a child free zone, coffee shop environment with average ratings.
There is a restaurant called The Plough located near Express by Holiday Inn.
Find pub quality Japanese for a high cost at Wildwood.
The Punter is a highly rated fast food coffee shop near Café Sicilia. It is not children friendly and costs more than 30 pounds.
The Rice Boat is a 3 star restaurant that serves fast food.
By All Bar One, there is a cheap five-star English restaurant called Midsummer House.
Loch Fyne is a family friendly Japanese restaurant in the 20 pound price range.
The Dumpling Tree is a French restaurant with prices less than 20.
Being a child friendly, English curry house with a highly rated by customers,  regular and the one off, The Golden Curry is the place to be.
Loch Fyne is restaurant providing French food in the family friendly environment less than £20.
Green Man, near All Bar One, offers Japanese food in the riverside area. It is a kid friendly location with a price range of between £20-25.
The Waterman serves French food in a childless atmosphere in the riverside area with cheap prices and high customer ratings.
Clowns is a low customer rating coffee shop that serves fast food. It is in riverside near Clare Hall.
The Golden Curry near The Six Bells is child friendly
Fitzbillies is near Rainbow Vegetarian Café and costs between £20 and 25.
Welcome to the Green Man. We are not family-friendly. Our food is Japanese, and we are located on the riverside near the All Bar One. Our price  range is less than 20 pounds.
The Vaults serves Italian tapa, wines, cheeses, etc. Family- friendly.
Cocum is a coffee shop of sushi food. We don't love the family, we have one star. Join Us.
The Golden Curry provides Chinese food in the more than £30 price range. It is near The Bakers.
The Golden Curry, near The Bakers, serves Japanese food in the price range of more than £30 and is children friendly.
Near Café Brazil its located a high cost restaurant called The Cambridge Blue
Yes, the Italian food The Waterman in the city centre rank 1 out of 5 with moderate price
Cotto coffee shot serves cheap Indian food and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is located in riverside near The Portland Arms.
English food is now available at The Rice Boat in the Riverside.
Giraffe is a Fast Food pub and yes has a children area. It is located in the riverside.
Located in the City Centre is a coffee shop called the Golden Palace. The Golden Palace has an average rating, but serves high priced Indian food.
Cotto is a fast food place near Café Rouge.
There is an establishment named The Vaults that is kid friendly and provides English food at a moderate price.
The Punter is an expensive French coffee shop, found in the city centre close to Café Sicilia.  It's family friendly  with a low customer rating.
The Twenty Two is a riverside, family friendly Indian restaurant.
If you are looking for a great family friendly restaurant, I recommend stopping and getting some Italian food at The Twenty Two.
A family coffee shop Browns Cambridge sat next to the river not far from Crown Plaza Hotel, with a 1 star rating.
The Rice Boat is an inexpensive Italian restaurant by Express by Holiday Inn in the City Centre.  It is not family-friendly.
For a moderately priced, family friendly public house, The Rice Boat is near to Express by Holiday Inn in the city centre.  It has been rated as 1 out of 5 starts by its customers.
The Vaults is an expensive, child friendly Japanese restaurant.
An Indian coffee shop named the Clowns has very high ratings and located on the riverside near Clare Hall
With an average customer rating of 3 out of 5, moderately priced fast food can be enjoyed at the coffee shop Cotto near The Portland Arms in Riverside.
Clowns at Café Sicilia are less than £20 and are family friendly.
The Twenty Two serves Japanese style food. It is a family place located near the river
Loch Fyne is children-friendly Japanese restaurant with prices more than £30.
The Golden Curry located near Café Rouge in the city center serves Japanese food. They are family-friendly and rated average.
There is a Chinese food restaurant in the Riverside area called The Rice Boat with a customer rating of 3 out of 5, it is not kid friendly.
Green Man is a children friendly Italian restaurant in Riverside located near All Bar One.
Clowns is a Indian coffee shop with a 3 out of 5 customer rating in the riverside area near Clare Hall.
Midsummer House is a low priced restaurant near All Bar One.
The pub Cocum is in the moderate price range. It is  not kids friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Plough is a kids friendly pub with a moderate price range that serves Italian food near Café Rouge.
The Rice Boat serves Chinese food located in riverside. It is average and family friendly.
The high-priced Cocum is a child friendly coffee shop. It serves Italian food and has been rated 1 out of 5.
Near the Burger King in the riverside area there is a cheap coffee shop called The Eagle that serves French food and welcomes children that customers have rated a 5 out of 5.
Located near Café Rouge in Riverside, The Golden Curry is child friendly French restaurant with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Near Café Rouge and the river is The Golden Curry.  It is not family-friendly and customers poorly rate its Japanese food.
A fast food restaurant with a moderate price range is called Alimentum. It is near Yippee Noodle Bar in the city centre area. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
There is a restaurant called Midsummer House that serves Italian food. The price range is moderate and the customer rating is 1 out of 5 . it is near All Bar One
The Rice Boat is an average rated fast food outlet in the riverside area. It is not considered to be family-friendly.
A good pub is called The Waterman they have sushi and a good review.
With an average price range and a average customer rating, Travellers Rest Beefeater is by a riverside near Café Adriatic in the City centre.
The Rice Boat is a Japanese restaurant located near the Express by Holiday Inn, by the riverside. Not recommended for children, The Rice Boat is priced more than £30. Rated 5 out of 5.
£20-25 is what you'll pay at The Golden Palace restaurant.
The Wrestlers is a French, kid friendly restaurant, with prices from £20-25 and a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Wildwood is a pub providing Indian food in the more than £30 price range. Its customer rating is high.
The Cambridge Blue restaurant has a five star rating.
The Phoenix is a high rated Italian restaurant situated on the riverside.
There is a family-friendly Italian restaurant in the city centre area. The Rice Boat is highly rated.
Bibimbap House provides Indian food in the less than £20 price range. It is located in the riverside. It is near Clare Hall.
The Waterman is a Japanese, family friendly, moderately priced restaurant which has high customer ratings.
Wildwood is a pub in Cambridge serving  Japanese food in the higher price range.
Cocum is a restaurant that serves Italian food.  It also a coffee shop.  Moderate price range.  Kid friendly.  It has a three out of five customer rating.
The Phoenix is a moderately priced restaurant located near the river.
The Twenty Two is located in the city near The Rice Boat having a customer service rating of 5 out of 5 is children friendly and a price range of more than 30 euros.
Situated close to Rainbow Vegetarian Café, the affordable Strada offers English fare and is family friendly.
The Waterman is a cheap priced establishment.  Family Friendly
Cotto coffee shop, located on the riverside near The Portland Arms, serves excellent, but high-priced Italian food.
The Rice Boat is a five-star restaurant located near the Express by Holiday Inn. It is suitable for families with small children.
Wildwood coffee shop at Ranch is the best place for pasta and other good meals at good bargains.
The Golden Curry is a high-priced and kid-friendly Italian restaurant located near The Bakers.
There is a riverside restaurant called Blue Spice which serves Japanese food for less than £20.
The Punter is a low-priced restaurant in the city centre near Café Sicilia.
Located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café is Strada.  This Japanese restaurant is in the high price range but is family friendly and has a good customer rating at 3 out of 5.
The Rice Boat is a moderately priced Italian restaurant located at the city centre. It is not a child friendly establishment. The Rice Boat can be found near the Express by Holiday Inn. It has a 3 out of 5 star customer rating.
Aromi, a family-friendly Riverside pub, has a relatively low customer satisfaction rating.
Strada, a pub offering fast food near Yippee Noodle Bar has an average customer rating.
Riverside, near The Portland Arms, The Punter is high-priced and child friendly.
The Punter is a restaurant the serves Chinese food, 30 or more price range
Aromi is a family-Friendly Italian coffee shop in riverside. It has a high customer rating.
Loch Fyne is located near The Rice Boat in the City Centre area serves fast food and has a low customer rating
Aromi is a coffee shop providing Indian food It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is average.
The Strada is priced high, child friendly yes, and has an average customer rating.
With a moderate price range and a 3 out of 5 customer rating, Fitzbillies is a coffee shop near riverside that serves Indian food.  It is not kids friendly though.
Zizzi is an average rated family friendly pub that sells Indian food
An inexpensive, family-friendly restaurant near The Bakers is called The Plough.
The Twenty Two is a family-friendly restaurant providing English food in the city centre.
Strada is a cheap, family friendly, Chinese food restaurant, rated 5 out of 5 near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
For kid friendly fast food The Twenty Two is the perfect place
Located next to the River, just outside the city centre, The Phoenix is an expensive but poorly-rated location to have English breakfast.
Welcome to The Rice Boat. Our Food is Italian and we are located in the city centre
The Twenty Two is a family friendly, highly priced venue with a 3 out of 5 rating.  It can be found in the riverside area, close to The Rice Boat.
Have a night out at The Golden Curry for reasonable sushi conveniently located near The Bakers.
Browns Cambridge is an average restaurant that sells Chinese food for low prices.
The Mill is a pub in the riverside area, serves Japanese food and the price range is more than E30.
A children friendly French restaurant has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is called The Golden Curry and is near to Café Rouge by the riverside.
Luton based Fitzbillies is an adults only averagely rated coffee shop selling fast food at reasonable prices.
The Punter is a cheap coffee shop near Café Sicilia. It also offers Italian food. It has an average rating by customers and not suitable for a family.
The Rice Boat serves French food and is situated near Express by Holiday Inn at Riverside. Average customer ratings with low price range of less than £20. Not suitable for families.
In riverside, The Golden Palace coffee shop serves Indian food. It is cheap and has great ratings.
riverside has high customer ratings and they have French food near Loch Fyne on The Rice Boat.
The family can have some cool drinks and tasty food at The Twenty Two.
The Phoenix is an low key Italian eatery in the city centre
The Rice Boat serves French food.  It has a average customer rating  It is located in the city centre near the Express by Holiday Inn.  The price range is less than  £20 and is family-friendly.
The Wrestlers serves English food and is moderately priced with 5 out of 5 stars and is family friendly.
The Rice Boat is next to the Express by Holiday Inn, and right next to the river. They sell cheap fast food. They are not family-friendly.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop serving Indian food in the City center. It is in the medium price range but has a low customer rating.
The Phoenix is less than £20 and Italian food. its in the city centre but has a low rating.
Strada is a cheap place that is not family-friendly and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
For high end Italian food go to The Dumpling Tree
The Waterman pub serves English food, is located by the riverside and has a customer Rating of 1 out of 5.
Located near The Portland Arms in the riverside area  is an establishment named The Punter. It offers a kid friendly environment at a moderate price.
Close to the Rainbow Vegetarian Café you will find a child friendly Japanese restaurant called Strada. It is a high priced restaurant. It has ratings of 3 out of 5.
The Alimentum is a higher priced restaurant near the city centre.  It's near the Yippee Noodle Bar.
Near The Bakers. there is a highly rated coffee shop called Giraffe. It is child friendly and has a high rating. The price range is more than  £30.
The Rice Boat is a French restaurant that is located by the riverside. This is not a family-friendly venue but has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Rice Boat near Express by Holiday Inn is an English child-friendly restaurant with an average customer rating and high price range.
Bibimbap House is near The Rice Boat at the riverside and it provides Japanese food.
The Plough Pub is a mid range restaurant, is family friendly, with baby facilities.  It is in the centre of town, with the Café Rouge nearby
The Rice Boat is a low-priced restaurant located by Express by Holiday Inn that offers food.
The Phoenix is an English restaurant with a moderate price range. Customers have given a rating of 3 out of 5. located in the city centre.
Fitzbillies in the riverside area, is a kid Friendly coffee shop , with Indian food,  a high customer Rating and in the price range of £20-25.
Strada is a fast food pub with a 3 out of 5 customer rating. It is located near Yippee Noodle Bar.
Fitzbillies coffee shop by the river, serving fine foods and wines at reasonable prices in a family friendly atmosphere.
The Rice Boat offers an Italian menu in the riverside area.
Aromi is a family friendly pub in the riverside area with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Phoenix, located in City centre area near The Portland Arms, serves Japanese food.  This high-priced food receives a 3 out of 5 stars from customers.
If you're looking for a highly rated, children-free restaurant, check out The Rice Boat. Located at the city centre, near the Express by Holiday Inn, The Rice Boat ranges more than £30.
The Mill coffee shop has some great Japanese food for under £20, near The Sorrento in Riverside.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is mid price range restaurant. It is not family friendly.
The Golden Curry is a child friendly venue that offers Chinese food. It is located near Café Rouge in riverside and its customer rating is above average.
a great coffee shop in riverside is Zizzi with higher prices is not a place for family and great rating
Aromi is a 5 star rated coffee shop in the center of the city offering Italian food and coffee in an adult only setting.
There is a coffee shop near Avalon, in the riverside area, called Blue Spice.  It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and is high priced.  It is not a children friendly coffee shop.
Costing less than £20, The Punter, near The Portland Arms, is on the riverside and is family friendly.
Near Rainbow Vegetarian Café is The Rice Boat. It has 5 out 5 customer ratings despite it's food being higher than 30 euros.
Clowns is a pub with moderate price range and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is located in the riverside.
In the city center there is a family-friendly coffee shop named Aromi, with Japanese food. There customer rating is average.
The Punter is a Japanese food restaurant, serving delicious Japanese delicacies for a price range of less than £20.00.
Midsummer House is near Café Rouge and has a high customer rating for English food.
Cocum is a cheap, average Indian coffee shop that is not family friendly.
The Rice Boat is a kids-friendly place located on the riverside. its customer rating is 1 out of 5. They serve English food.
In the area of riverside is Aromi. It is a coffee shop with Italian food. It is kid friendly and has a high customer rating.
Blue Spice is more than £30 in the city centre and is Fast food.
The Green Man is a child friendly pub near the river and All Bar One serving expensive French food.
The family-friendly Alimentum, located in the city centre, serves cheap Japanese food.
Cotto is a coffee shop which serves fast food. It is located in the city centre area near to The Portland Arms. It is cheap and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Clowns is a coffee shop that sells Indian food is located near Clare Hall in the city centre area that has an average customer rating.
The Wrestlers is a Indian restaurant with low prices.  Kid Friendly.
The Wrestlers is on riverside has a moderate price its close to Raja Indian Cuisine
The Wrestlers coffee shop is along the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine that offers Italian food on a price range of cheap and is also family friendly.
With a price range under £20, The Olive Grove is a pub that is not family-friendly and is located in the center of the city.
Let's eat at The Golden Curry, which sells French food, is kid friendly, and the prices are around £20-25. The Bakers are near it.
Bibimbap House serves English food. It is near riverside with a price range of 20 to 25 dollars and is near Clare Hall.
The Italian restaurant, The Eagle, rated a 3 out of 5 by customers, is a kid friendly coffee shop located near Burger King in the city center.
Blue Spice is located at the riverside. It is not a child friendly establishment, and has a low rating. The price range is over £30.
The Loch Fyne is a Japanese restaurant.  It's a family friendly location falling in the less than £20 price range.
In Riverside, there is a place named The Eagle that has a high customer rating and is cheap.
The Wrestlers is a Japanese restaurant. It is in three star rated, in the mid price range and is family friendly.
An adult Indian coffee shop near the Crowne Plaza Hotel and located riverside is Taste of Cambridge.
Loch Fyne is a moderately priced English restaurant with a no children policy
Strada is a Rainbow Vegetarian Café that offers high-priced French food. It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and is not children friendly.
Giraffe is a restaurant with a price range of more than £30 and is near The Six Bells.
The Cocum coffee shop offers low priced sushi.  It is family friendly and has a 5 of 5 rating.
Zizzi is a one-star pub  that does not provide family services.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop which also offers fast food and is located in the city centre. With a 5 star rating it is especially family-friendly and the prices are quite cheap.
The Eagle by the riverside in the £20-25 range has a high customer rating.
The Eagle is a Japanese coffee shop near Burger King in the riverside area. It has a price range of less than 20 pounds and a low customer rating, but it is family-friendly.
The Wrestlers is an up market French cuisine restaurant located in the City Centre near to the Raja Indian Cuisine restaurant
Near Ranch, is a family friendly pub, The Cricketers, It has an average customer rating.
Alimentum, at less than £20, with English food, located near Yippee Noodle Bar, at City Centre with a low customer rating.
People love Midsummer House, great English food near Café Rouge
Clowns is a pub that sells food for £20 - £25. It has a high customer rating and is located along the riverside.
The restaurant, The Golden Palace, is an Italian delight that is not only affordable, but also incredibly convenient to arrive at, as it is only mere steps away from the city center
The Waterman serves Italian food at a moderate price range. It's not kids-friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It's on Riverside.
French, child friendly riverside Alimentum is cheap at £35
The Waterman, a family-friendly Italian restaurant is a cheap option with a 5 out of 5 rating in the riverside area.
For a restaurant near The Portland Arms, try Clowns.
Although Alimentum has high price range, it has a beautiful view of the river, as it is located on the riverside.  On average, customers rate this Fast food restaurant with 1 out of 5 stars. A nearby eatery is Yippee Noodle Bar.
The Golden Palace is a moderately priced coffee shop located north of the city center.
Near the Crown Plaza Hotel The Waterman offers family friendly French style food.
The Mill is a pub that provides Indian food in the less than £20 price range. It is located in the riverside.
Near the Ranch is the Wildwood coffee shop.  It has French food and its prices are between 20 and 25.  Customer ratings are 3 out of 5.
The Rice Boat serves English food with prices of more than £20.   They are located in the riverside area near the Express by Holiday Inn.   They have a high customer rating and they are not children friendly.
The Vaults is a pub with a price range of more than £30 and high customer ratings. It is located near Café Adriatic.
For moderate priced Fast food Browns Cambridge has customer ratings of 1 out of 5
Chinese food can ordered at The Vaults. The price range is less than £20 and yes, it is family friendly.
Loch Fyne is a high customer rated Indian food restaurant in riverside near The Rice Boat.
The Rice Boat It is a restaurant serving Chinese food does not own customer Rating May 5, if located in the city center, ideal for family and friends
The Wrestlers is a fast food venue receiving a 3 out of 5 rating.  It is child friendly and is in the moderate price bracket.
Clowns is a one star coffee shop located near Clare Hall.
Check out Loch Fyne, a low-cost, family friendly restaurant which provides delicious French cuisine without breaking the bank.
Offering cheap sushi in a family-friendly environment is a coffee shop called Cocum.
With average prices and fast food, The Eagle coffee shop can be found in city centre near Burger King. This is not a kid friendly establishment.
Located in riverside near Café Rouge, The Golden Curry is an average place where where you anyone can eat Italian.
On the river and near Café Brazil is a mid-priced coffee shop called The Vaults.
The Eagle, a Japanese restaurant, is low.
The Rice Boat is a Japanese,  children friendly restaurant, with a price range more than 30 pounds, in the city centre. It has a 5 out of 5 rating, and is located near Express by Holiday Inn.
The Eagle, and Indian coffee shop,  is high priced family friendly restaurant with an average customer rating located near Burger King in City Centre.
With a 5 out of 5 customer rating, Browns Cambridge serves high priced fast food.
Alimentum is a average rated restaurant that sells French food for less than £20. It is along the riverside near the Yippee Noodle Bar.
The Japanese restaurant, Loch Fyne, is family friendly.
A new pub is emerging near the Café Rouge named The Plough. Not only is it a pub, but it is also a Chinese restaurant who welcomes families with a price range less than less than £20.
The Phoenix serves French food in a riverside location and is a mid priced venue with high customer ratings
At The Waterman near Crowne Plaza Hotel, take your children to enjoy English food.
The Waterman has English food is for the family. The price is high and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 it is located in city centre.
Chinese-serving pub, Strada, has a customer rating of average and is located near yo Yippee Noodle Bar.
Loch Fyne Japanese restaurant is a kid friendly place with a moderate price range.
The Rice Boat provides Chinese food It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
If you are looking for a fun, beautiful area that is children friendly, look no further than The Punter. With its beautiful riverside scenery, and high price range, this is sure to be a family favorite. Located near The Portland Arms.
The Green Man pub, near Café Rouge in the city centre, serves English food.
The Eagle is an expensive family coffee shop that serves British food. It is located near a Burger King.
Midsummer House is a bistro with a 5 out of 5 rating in the high price range near the All Bar One
The Eagle is a restaurant providing breakfast with a 3 star rating.
The Vaults is a family friendly restaurant offering fast food for under £20.
Blue Spice is a high price range, children friendly, average customer rating in the Riverside area.
The Plough is a child friendly restaurant near 'The Bakers', but has a high price range.
The Rice Boat is a kid friendly fast food place with a rating of 3 out of 5. It is located in the city center near Express by Holiday Inn. It has a moderate price range.
The Waterman is an average Italian place. Cheap prices for an adult night out on the riverside.
Green Man in in riverside area near All Bar One. It serves Japanese food  in cheap price range. You can find Green Man near All Bar One.
A family friendly restaurant called Browns Cambridge is located near The Sorrento on the riverside.
The Loch Fyne is a 3-star restaurant that offers Asian cuisine. It is located near City centre just off the river across from The Rice Boat.
The Waterman ordered Indian food at the riverside for £8. He was polite, but he rated 1.
There is a family friendly restaurant named The Golden Curry near The Bakers that serves French food for less than £20
Near the Express by Holiday Inn is the Fitzbillies.  It is kid Friendly and the price range is between 20 and 25.
The Olive Grove is a Chinese pub serving food within a moderate price range in the riverside area. It is not kid friendly.
In riverside, The Phoenix serves Indian food with an average customer rating.
Browns Cambridge is near the Crowne Plaza Hotel. It serves Indian food and coffee and has a high rating. It allows children.
Zizzi is a pub that sells Chinese food. Its customer rating is high and it is family friendly
The Golden Curry, a cheap place serving Japanese food, is near The Bakers and is family friendly.
Cheap Chinese eating is what you will find at Alimentum, and with a 5 out of 5 customer rating, you will want to get to the city centre as quick as you can. They are located near the Yippee Noodle Bar.
Strada has an average customer rating and is family friendly. The price range is less than £20.
Located near The Six Bells is Fitzbillies, it has high priced Italian food.
For a coffee shop near The Bakers, try Giraffe, a kid friendly rated 3 out of 5 and costing 20-25.
Situated near The Portland Arms on the riverfront, north of the City centre, the 3-star 'Cotto' coffee shop serves a range of moderately-priced fast foods.
Located in the city centre try The Rice Boat for some sushi, all the family welcome.
Clowns is a child friendly restaurant located near Café Sicilia for approx 30L.
Strada is a non-family friendly Chinese restaurant with a low customer rating.  It is in the less than £20 price range and is near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
There is a restaurant  Strada  located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café that provides French foods in more than £30.  I has customer rating of 5 out of 5 but it is not children Friendly.
Near Yippee Noodle Bar in City Centre, is Alimentum, a pricey, one-star restaurant.
Wildwood Italian Ranch and coffee shop offers moderate priced food and a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
A Japanese restaurant called The Waterman is averagely priced. It is in riverside. It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is not kid friendly.
Midsummer House is a restaurant serving sushi in the low price range.  It is located just south of center. City and north of All Bar One.
The Wrestlers is a moderate priced, child friendly coffee shop that serves Indian food in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine.
Near The Rice Boat in riverside with a high rating is The Twenty Two.  It is family-friendly and typically cost more than £30.
The Bibimbap House has a price range of less than £20 that serves French food. It is near Clare Hall in the riverside area.
Italian food for less than 20 pounds can be found at the Cocum is a low rated family friendly coffee shop.
Fitzbillies is a low-priced restaurant in the city centre that delivers take-away.
Fitzbillies is a low priced fast food venue near The Six Bells.
The Rice Boat serves Chinese food at the river side and has an average customer rating. It is not family friendly.
On the riverside you can find an expensive French restaurant called Alimentum.  However, it is child friendly.
A child friendly restaurant in the riverside area near Café Rouge with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 is The Golden Curry.  It serves Indian food.
There is a kid-friendly French restaurant in Riverside near The Sorrento named Browns Cambridge.
Just along the river from The Sorrento, you'll find The Mill coffee shop, offering affordable fast food.
The Wrestlers, located in the city centre, near Raja Indian Cuisine, is a Japanese restaurant and coffee shop. It is children friendly with a price range of more than £30.
A restaurant, Travellers Rest Beefeater, is a moderate priced kid friendly restaurant.
Zizzi is a kid friendly Fast food pub with a 3 out of 5 rating
In the riverside area, there is a cheap and family-Friendly pub called The Olive Grove.
Green Man is a moderately priced Chinese near All Bar One in the city centre.
The Eagle is an average type of Fast food.
The Rice Boat is an Italian restaurant located in the city centre near Express by Holiday Inn.  It is not a kids friendly restaurant.  It is moderately priced with a customer rating of 3.
The Eagle is a Italian coffee shop near Burger King. This family-friendly location in the city center area has a average rating with cheap prices.
There is a kid-friendly coffee shop called Cocum serving Indian food in the moderate price range. It has a low customer rating of 1 out of 5.
If you are looking for inexpensive breakfast, go to Midsummer House.  It is just up the road from All Bar One.
The Golden Curry serves Japanese food and is not child friendly. It is located near The Bakers and has a price range of more than 30.
Zizzi is a riverside coffee shop that is rated three out of five stars. It is moderately expensive and family friendly.
The Eagle is an average non family-friendly coffee shop that has Fast food near Burger King in the city centre.
Near to The Portland Arms, which is located in the riverside area, is a coffee shop called Cotto that sells cheap Italian food. It has an average Customer Rating.
The Rice Boat is a low priced restaurant located in riverside near Express by Holiday Inn. They serve English food and have an average customer rating, though they aren't family-friendly.
Midsummer House is a three-starred, medium priced pasta restaurant, located very close to All Bar One
A kid friendly pub where prices start from  £20-£25 called Cocum. The rating which customers have given this establishment is 3 out of 5.
A family friendly Indian restaurant in Riverside near All Bar One that is moderately priced is Green Man.
The Waterman is a cheap and family-friendly fast food place with an average customer rating in the city centre.
The Rice Boat is a Chinese food restaurant with low customer ratings and is not family friendly in the Riverside area.
Cotto is a coffee shop serves Italian food. It is in moderate price range and customer rating is 1 out of 5.  Cotto coffee shop is placed near The Portland Arms.
At the riverside is a pub called The Waterman. It serves Japanese and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Kid friendly and filled with decadent Indian cuisine, Aromi is a highly rated, kid friendly coffee shop located riverside.
If you are looking for a low priced English restaurant you should try Green Man located at the riverside close to All Bar One
The Rice Boat is a moderately priced family friendly restaurant serving freshly bakes bread, wine and local cheeses
In the riverside area near the Crowne Plaza Hotel is Browns Cambridge. It is a kids friendly coffee shop with a 3 out 5 customer rating.
The Rice Boat, a family friendly French restaurant near riverside, has a low customer rating.
Aromi is a Japanese child friendly coffee shop with 5 out of 5 ratings along the riverside.
Blue Spice is in the riverside area and serves high priced Indian food.
Cotto coffee shop serves cheap Italian food and is located near The Portland Arms in the Riverside area
The Eagle, found in the Riverside area, has achieved a customer rating of 3 out of 5 for its high prices.
The Rice Boat is a restaurant located in the riverside near Express by Holiday Inn. It is an English restaurant that has low priced foods and has an average customer rating.
The Waterman is located in city centre. It is not kid friendly. it has cheep prices
Located near Burger King, the kid friendly, highly rated coffee shop, The Eagle is kid friendly restaurant that also serves fast food with a price range £20-25.
The Twenty Two sells children pizza
The Cambridge Blue is an Indian restaurant with high customer ratings.
Tasty Chinese food existing in The Golden Curry restaurant. high Rating 3 stars Friendly for kids
The Golden Curry offer cheap Japanese food for the whole family, located near The Bakers.
The Phoenix is a highly priced and highly rated French food restaurant, located in the city centre.
in the city centre near the Yippee Noodle Bar there is a moderately priced  place called the Alimentum which serves Japanese food with a low customer rating of 1 out of 5
near The Rice Boat in riverside is The Twenty Two which is a children friendly place with high prices and an average customer rating
In Riverside there is a child friendly restaurant called The Olive Grove.
The Golden Palace Italian coffee shop is near the riverside. The Golden Palace has customer ratings of 5 out of 5 and they are cheap.
Close to All Bar One is the Midsummer House a restaurant in the high price range
The coffee shop near The Portland Arms, The Cricketers, serves Italian cuisine and boasts a 5 out of 5 customer rating.  Customers should be aware it is not family-friendly.
Situated by the riverside, The Eagle has a rating of 3 out of 5 from customers and prices in the high range.
The Vaults is a kid-friendly, Italian restaurant. They provide food at the price range of moderate.
The Phoenix is rated one star for its breakfast. It is located in city centre.
The Cambridge Blue is a restaurant in the city that serves Italian food and they have high customer ratings.
The Rice Boat is an Italian food place that is not family-friendly and has a low customer rating.
Cocum is an Italian coffee shop with high customer ratings. The price range is between £20 to £25 but they are not child friendly.
Bibimbap House near Clare Hall is Indian food moderately priced
The customer rating of The Phoenix is low. They serve French food and are located on a riverside.
The Waterman is an average Italian pub in the city centre.
The Cambridge Blue pub serves British meals and mid-range prices. Find it near to Café Brazil.
The Wildwood pub is a cheap eatery that offers a quick alternative to other sit-down dining establishments.
The Rice Boat, near Express by Holiday Inn, is in the riverside area.  It has Italian food in the high price range with an average customer Rating and is children Friendly.
A English pub called The Cambridge Blue is near Café Brazil and is cheap.
The Phoenix is an English restaurant in the city centre with a high price range and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Eagle is a fast food restaurant with high customer ratings.
Cotto provides English food near Ranch that is family friendly and has a low customer rating
The Eagle is a family friendly coffee shop that offers wine.  It is located near Burger King.
Wildwood Is a pub where they serve Chinese food with the price of range less than 20 euros and they have a low customer rating.
The price range is a little high, but Wildwood coffee shop caters for a range of requirements for Italian food.  With is location near a Ranch, customers rate it as average.
The Dumpling Tree restaurant offers fair-priced meals.
Alimentum is kid friendly. They serve Indian food for a moderate price in the riverside area.
The Vaults is family-friendly and offers both fast food. and low prices.
Found in riverside close to The Rice Boat, the English styled Loch Fyne is highly rated.
Taste of Cambridge is a cheap restaurant.  Customer rating is 5 out of 5.
The Cambridge Blue is a pub near Café Brazil that sells Japanese food at a moderate price range.
The Rice Boat is a family-friendly, fast-food restaurant in the city centre area by Express by Holiday Inn.  It serves an average-priced menu that receives 5 out of 5 stars from customers.
The Eagle is a French coffee shop near Burger King, and beside the river, costing roughly £20, it's a bit cheaper, however it's not family-friendly, and its customer rating is average.
Green Man pub is located near Café Rouge on the riverside. It serves Japanese food.
Clowns is a high priced business, near Café Sicilia, that is children friendly.
Zizzi is a high-rated, kid friendly Italian pub.
A coffee shop close to Café Sicilia, with a 3 out of 5 rating, is serving Italian food in a kid-friendly environment. It's called The Punter, and it's fairly priced.
The Vaults is a low priced fast food restaurant that is known for being family friendly.
There is a kid friendly coffee shop that serves Indian food in the city centre area near Burger King called The Eagle.  There price ranges are moderate and they have a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
With a customer rating of 1 out of 5 The Eagle serves English food.
A casual pub style restaurant, Green Man serves Japanese traditional food. It is located in the riverside area near the Café Rouge.
The Golden Curry is a family-friendly fast food place with low customer ratings. It is near Café Rouge in the Riverside area.
There is a restaurant with a high customer rating,  The Rice Boat,  located riverside that serves Indian food.   It is kid friendly.
With a great view of the river, and just down the road from Crowne Plaza Hotel is Browns Cambridge, a family friendly coffee shop
The Wrestlers is a middle priced restaurant with 3 stars.  It is family friendly.
The Strada that sells Chinese at a fair price would like to welcome you and your family. We are very proud of our 3 out of 5 rating and we are near The Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
Strada serves inexpensive but highly rated Indian dishes in a family-friendly environment. It is located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
Cheap fast food can be found near Ranch at Wildwood. This coffee shop is rated 5 out of 5 by customers.
Alimentum serves English food in moderate price range. Located in Centre City near Yippee Noodle Bar. customer rating 3 out of 5.
The city centre Blue Spice costs less than £20. It has an average customer rating and is not family-friendly.
The Vaults, located at the riverside, which is near Café Brazil, is a highly priced coffee shop with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Giraffe is a quiet coffee shop located in The Bakers with one star rating.
Cotto is an Italian place near Ranch. It has average customer rating and is a family friendly place.
The Aromi pub on the riverside is child friendly and has a rating of 1 out of 5
The Rice Boat offers Italian food with a high price range and yes has family area. It has a customer rating 1 out of 5. It is located in  the city centre, near to Express by Holiday Inn.
The Phoenix is a high priced one-star Cheese and Winery.
The Punter is a fast food restaurant and coffee shop that is friendly for the kids. It is near Café Sicilia. Customers rate The Punter highly and the price range falls between £20 and £25.
Strada has a high price and low rating but is a family friendly restaurant.
Zizzi is Fast food with pub and no low rank
An Italian pub called The Mill with a high price range is located in riverside.
With prices ranging from £20 to 25 for English food and a high customer rating, The Phoenix is the place to be. Its located in the city center.
Alimentum is a Riverside restaurant that serves Italian food. It is cheap and family friendly.
The Cambridge Blue is a pub located in the City center. Near The Cambridge Blue is Café Brazil.
Aromi is a child friendly pub situated riverside but the customer rating is low
There is a sushi restaurant located close to the Yippee Noodle Bar called Alimentum. It is in the mid price range.
Wildwood is an Italian coffee shop in the near vicinity of  Ranch with prices averaging £20-£25.  Consumers give Wildwood favourable reviews.
The Wrestlers, located near Raja Indian Cuisine, is a high end French bistro and Café in Riverside and it is kid friendly.
The Golden Curry is a Chinese restaurant that is located in the riverside area near Café Rouge.  It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and is child friendly.
The Dumpling Tree is a restaurant offering high price range French food.
A coffee shop named The Eagle with moderate prices selling Italian food, not for kids, with a rating of 1 out of 5. It is near Burger King in the center of the city.
Kid friendly pub, Giraffe serves French food in riverside.
Aromi is a restaurant located in Riverside serving French food.
Near to The Portland Arms and the riverside area, Cotto is a low customer rated coffee shop serving Fast food at an average price range.
Fitzbillies is high-rated coffee shop that serves Italian food for £20-25 in Riverside. It is kids friendly.
Visit Cotto near Ranch. English food and family friendly.
Near The Portland Arms is a child friendly coffee shop called The Cricketers in which French food is served, customers have rated it 1 out of 5.
The Giraffe is a coffee shop near The Bakers.  It is kids friendly and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Mill is a pub Indian in the city centre. Price range is less than £20.
In city centre, there is an English pub called The Olive Grove
For family friendly dining, visit The Golden Curry located near The Six Bells.
The Vaults is a restaurant that offers Fast food.
In the riverside area near Express by Holiday Inn you'll find The Rice Boat offering Indian food for a price range of more than £30. It has a high customer rating but is not children friendly.
With it's kid friendly environment, The Twenty Two is a riverside restaurant located near The Rice Boat with a moderate price range and a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a Japanese coffee shop located in city centre. It is expensive.
The Twenty Two sells Japanese food and yes has a children area.
The Rice Boat is a moderately priced French restaurant near the Express by Holiday Inn in the centre of the city. It has a low customer rating of 1 out of 5 and is not recommended for kids.
Cocum is a nice kid friendly pub, that my kids and I love. While the customer rating is low, due to Cocum's high prices, the food is worth every penny.
The child friendly coffee shop Zizzi has a high customer rating. Located in the riverside area, it has  price range of £20-25.
Situated on the Riverside and with a customer rating of 1 out of 5, The Phoenix serves English food.
The Olive Grove is a pub, which sells Italian food in the city centre for less than £20, but is not family-friendly.
Cotto near Ranch serves English food and is children friendly, has customer rating 1 out of 5.
With a high customer rating, price range of £20-25, Browns Cambridge sells Italian food.
Clowns pub. Near the river. Pricey and one star.
The Dumpling Tree is located close to the city.  Great place to take a date cuz its moderately low price and has great pasta.
Near the Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area, is the adult Italian coffee shop, Taste of Cambridge.
Fast Food was eaten at the city centre inside Bibimbap House , near Clare Hall which the bill was very high.
The Golden Palace  is a restaurant and as a high price range
The Cambridge Blue Pub is moderately priced pub in the city offering delicious burgers and fries.
Strada is a non family friendly Japanese restaurant near to Rainbow Vegetarian Café. It is moderately priced and has a rating of 1 out of 5.
Located near Café Rouge, by the riverside, The Golden Curry is a Fast food restaurant that is not family-friendly and has a customer rating of low.
The Rice Boat is a cheap, riverside Chinese restaurant with a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is not family friendly and is near Express by Holiday Inn.
A high priced coffee shop with 3 out of 5 customer rating is, The Vaults. They are located near Café Brazil in the riverside area.
Although rated at 1 out of 5, Cocum is a kid friendly restaurant.
You can get expensive Chinese food at The Punter.
Wildwood is a coffee shop near Ranch now serving Indian food with cheap prices and an average customer rating.
The family friendly and cost worthy Japanese pub 'The Plough' is excellent. Is located near 'Café Rouge'.
A kid friendly Japanese restaurant called Green Man is near All Bar One in riverside. They have a moderate price range.
Browns Cambridge is a  coffee shop free of kid noise. They serve Italian food near Crowne Plaza Hotel  in the city centre.
The high price ranged Browns Cambridge has an average customer rating.
The Olive Grove is a high priced pub. Located near the River.
Alimentum is a cheap wine tasting restaurant that has poor reviews and is located next to the Yippee Noodle Bar.
Browns Cambridge is a high end restaurant located in the middle of the city.
Near Rainbow Vegetarian Café is a pub called The Golden Palace with meals available from under £20 with a setting by the riverside
Blue Spice is a riverside coffee shop near Avalon.  It is kid friendly, has a high customer rating and prices are in the £20-25 range.
Near Ranch is and Indian food place called Cotto. It is family friendly and has low customer ratings.
In riverside, there is a high priced English pub called The Olive Grove. They are not child friendly.
Located by the riverside, The Phoenix is a French restaurant with a high 5 star rating.
The Golden Curry is an expensive, family friendly Italian eatery located near The Bakers.
Near Express by Holiday Inn in the city centre is a children-friendly, English restaurant named The Rice Boat with a high customer rating and price range more than L30.
With a low customer rating, The Golden Curry is family and serves Japanese.
The child friendly, Loch Fyne restaurant serves Italian food.
The Phoenix is an average restaurant in the low price range. It is located outside the city centre.
Cotto is a coffee shop which serves Italian food at a low price. It is located near The Portland Arms in the city centre.
Cocum coffee shop is a family friendly atmosphere serving fast food
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop located along the riverside with a high customer rating and children friendly atmosphere.  They serve English Food although their price range is quite high at more than £30.00.
There is a child friendly coffee shop in the riverside area near Crown Plaza Hotel called Browns Cambridge.  The food is Japanese and has a low rating.
In the city near Raja Indian Cuisine there is a family-friendly Italian coffee shop with a price range of less than 20 euros named The Wrestlers.
The Twenty Two is an expensive establishment in the city centre near The Rice Boat.  It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and is not child friendly.
Located in riverside, lies a family friendly coffee shop called Zizzi with a low rating but cheap food under e20
Browns Cambridge, near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre, is a highly rated non-family friendly Indian coffee shop.
Near the Ranch is a child friendly pub with high customer ratings called The Cricketers
The Rice Boat can be found near Rainbow Vegetarian Café. With an average customer rating, its price range is under £20.
The Golden Curry is a children friendly high priced Italian restaurant near The Bakers.
Strada is an English pub near Yippee Noodle Bar.  Customers rate it highly.
Loch Fyne is a restaurant that provides Indian food
The Twenty Two is a pub in Riverside has a 3 out of 5 customer rating.  It's near Café Sicilia.
Green Man is a restaurant in the south of the city near of the All Bar One. Its specialty is pasta.
Midsummer House is located in All Bar One and offers mid-priced Italian food.
A English Café Is Near Café Rouge. It is called Midsummer House and has a rating of 3 out of 5
The Phoenix provides Indian food in the cheap price range. It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Alimentum cheap Japanese food with low customer rating in the city centre near Yippee Noodle Bar
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop with high prices and medium ratings. They are family friendly and located north of the city.
The Golden Curry is a less than £20 family friendly stop near The Bakers
If you are looking for a restaurant in the price range of less than 30 in the Riverside area go to Zizzi
Located city centre you will find The Waterman offering Indian food. They have a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and they are kids friendly.
Fitzbillies is a low-cost coffee shop near to the river, North of the city centre. This 1 star fast food venue is not suitable for families.
The Phoenix is a Fast food restaurant located in area riverside, its customer rating is low.
The Punter offers cheap English food.
City centre pub The Mill, offers high end Italian cuisine.
The Phoenix is a well-reviewed place near the city river.
There is a high price ranged Japanese restaurant called The Dumpling Tree.
In riverside near Yippee Noodle Bar, Alimentum serves Indian food with a cheap price range and average customer rating.
The Rice Boat provides Indian food in the high price range. It is located in the riverside. It is near Express by Holiday Inn. Its customer rating is average.
Browns Cambridge is an adults only establishment located in riverside, near The Sorrento, and features Indian cuisine.
Found near The Rice Boat in riverside area, The Twenty Two is kids friendly with a moderate price range. But the customer rating remains 1 out of 5.
The Waterman is a family friendly restaurant serving English food. With great customer ratings for more than £30, located by the riverside.
Clowns is an average rated coffee shop that serves Indian; it is located in riverside near Clare Hall.
The Wrestlers offer Chinese food with a moderate price Range and the customer Rating is 1 out of 5 and is not kid Friendly
Italian food less than £20 can be found at Fitzbillies near The Six Bells.
Wildwood is a pub with a cheap price and a low customer rating that serves Fast food.
The Vaults provides Chinese food in the high price range.
The Golden Palace restaurant is a high end afternoon experience just outside the city center.
A Japanese restaurant called The Dumpling Tree is moderately priced.
The Phoenix, located in Riverside serves Italian food, has an average customer rating and is in the high price range.
The Rice Boat is very expensive with bad review. It's very close to the Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
An average rated fast food restaurant called Midsummer House is located near Café Rouge.
The Cambridge Blue pub is located inside of Café Brazil.
The Taste of Cambridge is a high priced restaurant with a 3 out of 5 rating.
Green Man is a moderately priced Indian restaurant in Riverside that is located near All Bar One.
There is a cheap and highly rated English restaurant in riverside called The Waterman, but it is not family-friendly.
The Eagle is a highly rated, family friendly, fast food location. Though it is located in Riverside near Burger King, The Eagle comes in as a cheap coffee shop.
The Phoenix on the riverside has a low customer rating even for a fast food joint.
Cotto is a coffee shop providing Indian food in the cheap price range. It is located in the riverside. It is near The Portland Arms. Its customer rating is average.
The Rice Boat is in the city centre and is family-friendly. It has Italian food with a low customer rating.
In the city centre, near All Bar One, there is the Green Man, which isn't kids friendly, offers Japanese food and is quite expensive.
Browns Cambridge is quite highly priced at more than £30, but has low customer ratings
moderate priced Japanese food at The Wrestlers has low customer rating and is adult only
The Italian restaurant The Wrestlers is a non -kid friendly establishment that has a poor customer rating with 1 out of 5.  The prices are moderate.
Located in Riverside is a coffee shop titled The Golden Palace, this shop provides Indian food as well. This coffee shop has an average rating and cheap prices.
Alimentum serves French food, has a low customer rating, a price range of more than £30 and are located in city centre near Yippee Noodle Bar.
Taste of Cambridge is a coffee shop that serves Indian food in the riverside. It is a kid friendly place near the Crowne Plaza Hotel.
The Rice Boat, located near Express by Holiday Inn in the riverside area is an English restaurant that was given a customer rating of 5 out of 5 and is cheap in price range, but is not kid-friendly.
A pub near Café Sicilia is located riverside and named The Twenty Two. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
If you're looking for kid friendly Italian food in the riverside area - then the Taste of Cambridge is for you. It is near the Crown Plaza Hotel.
The wrestlers offers low priced sushi in a family friendly atmosphere
The Wrestlers is a nice priced Italian restaurant that is kids friendly.
The Rice Boat is located in the city centre. It is a family-friendly French restaurant with an average customer rating.
If you're near All Bar One, you should check out Midsummer House, a Japanese restaurant with a customer rating of 3 out of 5, and a price range of £20-25.
Midsummer House provides Indian food It is near Café Rouge. Its customer rating is average.
Fitzbillies is a Japanese coffee shop in the city centre, though it is low-priced it is not suitable for families. Previous customers have given it a bad rating.
Aromi coffee shop is situated in the city center providing fast food in a grown up setting. It has received a 5 out of 5 rating.
Blue Spice is an average priced English restaurant in the city centre.
If you're craving Japanese food at a low price, visit The Punter.
Zizzi, is a non-family-friendly pub. With specialties in Japanese food, and a low customer rating.
The Rice Boat is located in the city centre. The rice boat is a Fast Food restaurant.
You won't pay much for fries, burgers and soft drinks at The Eagle coffee shop, the quality is all right and it is close to Burger King.
In the city centre is an Indian restaurant called Aromi.
Wildwood is a pub that serves Indian food for a cheap price with customer ratings of five out of five.
The Waterman is  a family friend Italian restaurant in riverside.  The customer Rating is low but you can eat for less than 20.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly restaurant that serves Japanese food, has an average customer rating, and the price range is less than £20.
The Vaults is a restaurant that offers Italian food.
The Golden Curry is a Chinese restaurant located near Café Rouge and riverside. Known to be children friendly, this establishment is very highly rated.
A five star French restaurant is The Eagle.
The French style coffee shop Fitzbillies has a price range of more than £30, has a low customer rating, and is not child friendly. It is located in the Riverside area.
Near the Crowne Plaza Hotel by the riverside, there is a highly rated coffee shop called Browns Cambridge which is child friendly and serves Italian food.
Zizzi offers coffee shop for family-friendly with cheap price in city centre.
One fast food restaurant is the Browns Cambridge near the Crown Plaza Hotel.   Kid friendly and its on the riverside
Currently serving Chinese food, The Vaults is family friendly and priced at L30.
A 5 out of 5 family-friendly fast food pub is known as Zizzi
Aromi is a three star coffee shop. It is family friendly.
There is a cheap coffee shop that is family friendly called Cocum.
Located in the city centre, The Twenty Two is an average rated pub situated near Café Sicilia.
The Giraffe is a pub in the city centre. The food is Japanese but in is not family-friendly.
The pub, The Cambridge Blue, is an expensive place that serves gourmet foods. It is found near Café Brazil.
Browns Cambridge has moderate pricing for it's food with a 1 out of 5 in customer rating.
Close to The Bakers, there is a kids-friendly coffee shop named Giraffe, which has a high customer rating and a fair price range of £20-25.
Cocum is a pub that has an average customer rating, but is family friendly and in the price range of less than £20.
With a low price range and a high customer rating, Cocum is a family friendly coffee shop.
Near The Rice Boat on the riverside is The Twenty Two. Prices range above £30. It is child friendly and has a high customer rating.
The Golden Curry is a child friendly Japanese eatery with a price range more than £30 and is located near The Bakers.
There is a cheap family friendly restaurant Travellers Rest Beefeater with a low price range.
The Phoenix is an expensive Fast food restaurant with a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is in the riverside area.
The Japanese food restaurant The Waterman is located in Riverside and had a customer rating of 3 out of 5. This kids friendly restaurant also has very high prices.
The Rice Boat offers good meal bargains but is not children friendly.
with 5 out of 5 ratings and  high prices Clowns is a pub near the river
1 -star rated Aromi is near Chesterton Rd. You can try the coffee shop's sushi without the company of your children's
Browns Cambridge is a low customer rate English restaurant with a price range of less than £20.
in riverside, The Eagle has average customer rating and has a price range of less than £20.
Strada is a fair rated sushi pub located near the Yippee Noodle Bar.
Wildwood is a coffee shop, located near Ranch,  with low customer ranting and a price range of less than £20. It is serves fast food.
The Wrestlers is a three star, high cost, family friendly restaurant.
Fitzbillies is an amazing place near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café the price is a little high but the quality is amazing.
The Fitzbillies is a fast food establishment with a moderate price range. It is located near The Six Bells.
The Waterman serves French food and is located at the riverside. However, it is not kid friendly, has a moderate price range, and a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Eagle is in the riverside area near Burger King. It has a average customer rating, serving French food in a coffee shop atmosphere.  The price range is less than £20.
Italian pub, Giraffe is not a family-friendly place. It's in the city centre.
High customer rated, Zizzi, is a Pub, that offers Italian food, and is children friendly.
Indian Food is on the menu at Midsummer House restaurant located near Café Rouge. This dining choice is rated 1 out of 5 by customers.
Strada has a customer rating of five out of five. It cost more than £30 and is not children friendly.
The Rice Boat is located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café. It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5, and a £20-25 price range.
there is a high priced Pub called Cocum and is child friendly and has ratings of  out of 5
Fitzbillies is a moderately priced English food serving location, that is near The Six Bells.
For under £20 you can eat at The Vaults, a family friendly fast food restaurant.
The family friendly pub, Zizzi, serves ultimate UK breakfast like no other
In riverside, Alimentum serves Italian food in a child friendly environment at a moderate price range.
Browns Cambridge has a customer rating of 3 out of 5. Prices range from 20 to 25 dollars.
The Twenty Two is a family friendly Italian eatery in riverside.
There is a French food serving pub called Strada which is located near Yippee Noodle Bar. The customer rating is low.
Green Man is located in the centre of the city near All Bar One.  For adults, it has prices under £20 and serves English food.
Near The Portland Arms in the center city is located a restaurant of Italian food rating in 5of5, eat type coffee shop, called Cotto
In the riverside area, there is a coffee shop called Zizzi.  Zizzi's has a 1 out of 5 customer rating with a moderate pricing range for families and their children.
The Waterman is located in the city centre. It serves fast food, is child friendly and has average ratings and cheap food.
The Waterman Indian restaurant is moderate in price, kid friendly, with a customer Rating of 3 out of 5 on the riverside.
Cocum is a Italian coffee shop in the cheap price range. Its customer ratings are 5 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a cheap coffee shop located in the riverside of the city and they are for family.
Aromi is a coffee shop located in the riverside of Cambridge. It provides fast food and is children friendly, customers rate it 1 out of 5.
The Wrestlers provide Chinese food at moderate prices. One out of Five Rating. Children Friendly.
High priced Italian restaurant Strada is a 5 out of 5 star family friendly eatery located close to the Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
The Twenty Two family restaurant has very poor ratings. It is located on the riverside near The Rice Boat.
family-friendly, fast food, coffee shop in the city centre called Aromi. Customers have rated it average.
Located near Raja Indian Cuisine on the riverside, The Wrestlers is a kid friendly French coffee shop with prices £20-25.
Cotto is a coffee shop providing Indian food in the moderate price range. It is located in the riverside. It is near The Portland Arms. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Eagle is a very highly-rated restaurant which serves French food.
The Waterman, has a price range of £20-25, and has a high customer rating. It offers Indian food, and is kids friendly. It is located in a city centre.
Near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café is The Rice Boat, with a high price range and a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Wildwood is a medium priced sit down coffee shop style three star restaurant in the Ranch area.
The Golden Curry is located near The Bakers and is a family friendly place.
The new awesome coffee shop named Clowns is a fast food restaurant on the riverside near Clare Hall.   It has a low customer rating.
Midsummer House is a high priced restaurant located near All Bar One.  It has a 3 star rating.
Located near Café Rouge, the Wildwood restaurant has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Phoenix is situated along the riverside serving French food for a reasonable price, the restaurant has a high customer rating
The Rice Boat is a five-starred sushi restaurant located next to the Express by Holiday Inn.
In the city centre near Burger King an Italian food place and a coffee shop called The Eagle is a children friendly place which price ranging more than £30 with a high customer rating.
A family-friendly restaurant named The Rice Boat is located in the city centre area. It has French food and a low customer rating.
The Dumpling Tree is a cheap fast food restaurant.
The Cricketers is a family oriented restaurant located near The Portland Arms. They are ranked 5 star.
Bibimbap House serves Indian food for an average price.  Located in Riverside near Clare Hall.
The Rice Boat is a restaurant located near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café with a low customer rating and a higher than 30 Euros price range.
The Golden Curry is an Italian restaurant, located near The Bakers. It is child friendly, with average priced meals for the town.
The Golden Palace is a poor restaurant by the riverside.
Customers choice restaurant was English restaurant, named like Midsummer House, which has a high rating, is located near Café Rouge.
The Eagle serves Italian food with a rating of 1 out of 5
The expensive fast food 'The Dumpling Tree' restaurant.
The Waterman is a cheap Chinese restaurant located in the city centre. It is family friendly and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
A children-friendly restaurant named The Olive Grove is located by the riverside.
In the Riverside area there is a restaurant called The Dumpling Tree that is a children friendly coffee shop located near Café Sicilia with a high price range.
There is a moderate priced pub The Olive Grove that provides English food that is not child friendly. It is located near riverside.
Near Burger King by riverside is a coffee shop that is yes family friendly with a low customer rating called The Eagle and the prices are less than £20.
In city centre, near The Rice Boat, there is a cost and family-friendly restaurant called The Twenty Two.  The Twenty two has an average customer rating.
The Wrestlers is family-friendly restaurant at a medium price range.
The Phoenix is low rated Indian restaurant near the city centre.
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing Indian food in the cheap price range. It is located in the city centre. It is near Burger King. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Strada which is near Yippee Noodle Bar. They are a pub with three stars.
coffee shop Taste of Cambridge is a family-friendly fast food restaurant in city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
The Golden Curry is a cheap restaurant located near The Bakers.  It is not family friendly.
The Olive Grove is a situated in  Cambridge no families. are welcome and is cheaply priced
There is a fast food restaurant with a moderate price range in the city centre area named Blue Spice.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop that sells Indian food, high price range, located in City Centre, child friendly, located near Raja Indian Cuisine
Fitzbillies is a restaurant providing Italian food. It is located in the city centre. There is a cheap restaurant Fitzbillies located near The Six Bells.
The Rice Boat is a high priced Chinese restaurant in the city centre near Express by Holiday Inn. They are children friendly and have an average customer rating.
Cotto provides Indian food It is near Ranch. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Midsummer House is a seafood restaurant located near All Bar One.
The Rice Boat a cheap restaurant serving Indian food.  Found in riverside near Express by Holiday Inn.
The Japanese coffee shop called The Mill is located in Riverside near The Sorrento. It has a high price range.
The Eagle is a more than £30 price ranged place with a low rating in riverside.
There is a high end Japanese food venue called Bibimbap House near Clare Hall in the riverside area.  Clowns is a restaurant near The Portland Arms.
Offering Italian food the Alimentum is a kid friendly place in the riverside area. Prices range between 20 - 25.
The Rice Boat is a expensive place located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café. 1 stars
There is a cheap place located near Café Adriatic on the riverside called Travellers Rest Beefeater with a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
Strada is a Fast food pub with a low customer rating. It is located near Yippee Noodle Bar.
The restaurant Strada, located near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café, serves Expensive English food, has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and is not child friendly.
The Waterman has a moderate price range and is kid friendly.
The Twenty Two on riverside serves Japanese food and is child friendly
The Zizzi is an English pub with a high customer rating and is children friendly.
The Rice Boat offers a high customer satisfaction rating at a slightly above average cost.  It is located near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
A child friendly place with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 is French restaurant Cotto, situated near Ranch.
Moderately-priced The Vaults restaurant is a family-friendly eatery serving traditional British cuisine.
The  Wrestlers coffee shop serves fast food at a moderate price.  The Wrestlers can be found near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre and is not kid friendly.
Cotto is located on the riverside, near All Bar One with prices ranging from 20 to 25 euro.
The Waterman, north of City Centre is located off the river.
Near The Portland Arms you can visit restaurant called Clowns.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly French food venue, rated average for there meals starting less than £20.
For a French cuisine restaurant, The Vaults is a great choice.
Located in the city centre nearby Express by Holiday Inn there is a restaurant The Rice Boat, which is affordable and family friendly but customer rating is low.
Italian coffee shop Cotto, has a customer rating of 5 out 5 for it's cheap prices, and can be found near The Portland Arms on the riverside
The Vaults restaurant serves traditional English fare.
The Waterman is a Fast food restaurant in the city centre area. There price range is high with a 1 of 5 customer rating and they are not children friendly.
This restaurant has received a high customer rating by serving Italian food and is located in the city centre area;  it's a coffee shop is called The Golden Palace; offering menu items in the price range of £20-25.
Near the riverside is Alimentum, a family friendly Fast food cheap eatery.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop located near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area.  It has has an average customer rating and is not family-friendly.
located at the riverside, The Phoenix offers Chinese food ranging at less than £20.. but with a low customer rating
The Waterman is an affordable, family-friendly restaurant located on the waterfront.
The Rice Boat is a 5 star family friendly restaurant.
Fitzbillies is a Chinese restaurant with cheap prices located near The Six Bells.
If you want Italian and the high price is no problem, The Cambridge Blue pub can be found near the Café Brazil.
Near Yippee Noodle Bar its locate Alimentum, a restaurant 5of5 stars
There is a kid-friendly fast food restaurant called The Rice Boat located by the Express by Holiday Inn in the city centre. It has a moderate price range and is rated 1 out of 5 by its customers.
Kid friendly and within the price range of £20-25, Loch Fyne restaurant serves Japanese food.
The Cambridge Blue is the ideal pub to visit for a French meal that costs less than 20 Euros.  It is located near Café Brazil.
There is an Italian restaurant near All Bar One in Riverside called Green Man. It is children friendly and has a price range of more than 30.
Aromi coffee shop serving Italian food in riverside is family Friendly but  received a low customer rating.
Looking for that 5 out of 5 experience, visit The Phoenix, starting at £30 for French food in the city centre.
Loch Fyne serves Chinese food, 3 out of 5 people like it, its in riverside, near The Rice Boat.
The Wrestlers is a cheap, five star and family friendly restaurant.
Family friendly Japanese food with an average rating 3 out of 5 and a high price point.  The Waterman can be found in the City centre area.
By the riverside near The Portland Arms is a family friendly cheap place named The Punter.
Fitzbillies is a average priced coffee shop located at the end of the city.
The Green Man Chinese Food restaurant is a moderately priced dining choice in the  riverside area. This child friendly  restaurant is located near All Bar One.
Taste of Cambridge is an expensive restaurant with a low rating.
There is a high priced restaurant The Dumpling Tree.
The Rice Boat restaurant located in city center which  providing a Chinese food for less than £20 near by Express by Holiday Inn
Chinese food serving restaurant near Café Rouge, The Golden Curry, by the riverside, is family friendly with a low customer rating.
The Wrestlers sell cheap Chinese food, and aren't family friendly. They have an average customer rating.
The Golden Palace coffee shop will be your new favorite place to get a cup.
The Blue Spice coffee shop is an affordable and family friendly place located in City Centre near Avalon.
Fitzbillies is an averagely rated cheap Italian coffee Shop located in the city centre. It is not family-friendly.
The Vaults is a coffee shop near riverside and near Café Brazil. It is cheap and has perfect ratings.
The Waterman is a surprisingly inexpensive Indian cuisine restaurant in the riverside area.  It is family friendly and boasts a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Zizzi is a coffee shop placed near the river in City centre. We are a non-familiar ambient. we have one star and also we have a mid-price.  Join Us.
Alimentum is located near the river north of City centre.  It is a sit-down restaurant that is appropriate for families.  It is high priced.
Near Café Adriatic is The Vaults, a cheap pub with a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
High priced English food can be found in the city centre at The Dumpling Tree restaurant.
The Golden Curry is an amazing Japanese restaurant near Café Rouge. It is riverside and child friendly.
The Dumpling Tree is a mid-price restaurant that offers burgers and fries.
The Wildwood coffee shop is near the Ranch and it is expensive.
A restaurant at riverside called Zizzi has a price range of £20-25.
The Waterman pub serves Japanese food and is in the riverside area. It has a high customer rating.
Alimentum family restaurant offers quality British fare and is family friendly.
Kids friendly place near Ranch named Cotto has Italian food rating  customer rating 3 out of 5.
if you are looking for a place that is not child friendly there is a place in the city centre near Avalon called the Blue Spice which is a coffee shop in the high price range with customer reviews of 3 out of 5
Fitzbillies is a restaurant providing spaghetti food in the low-price range.  It is located in The Six Bells
Blue Spice in the riverside area offers meals for less than £20, however has a low customer rating and is not family-friendly.
The Rice Boat, located in riverside near Express by Holiday Inn, serves moderately priced Indian food rated 1 out of 5 stars.
Located near Express by Holiday Inn in the city centre, Fitzbillies is a high priced family friendly restaurant with a one star rating.
Cocum is a low priced pub with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Aromi is a Italian restaurant in the city centre area.
The Clowns pub price range is more than £30  in high customer rating  in riverside
The Rice Boat restaurant has a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is in the £20-25 price range an is near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
In the area of riverside is The Rice Boat. It has Fast food.
Wildwood is a children friendly restaurant.
The Golden Curry is a low-rated venue serving Italian food. It is not family-friendly.
Alimentum is an inexpensive Sushi restaurant, not suitable for families with young children. Near the river.
The Rice Boat is a three out of five starred restaurant that is family-friendly.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop providing Indian food in the cheap price range. It is located in the riverside. It is near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Golden Curry, located near The Bakers, is a family-friendly, inexpensive, Japanese restaurant.
The Golden Palace is a  coffee shop that sells Indian food. Their Price Range is between 20 through 25 pounds. They are located In the centre of the city and they have a high customer rating
Located in the heart of city centre, near the Crowne Plaza Hotel, Browns Cambridge is an upscale, yet family-friendly, Japanese coffee shop.
Near Café Brazil is a moderately priced French pub called The Cambridge Blue.
Come visit our new children friendly restaurant The Green Man.
The Dumpling Tree is a restaurant in the city centre that serves reasonable priced Japanese food.
There is a kid friendly Japanese restaurant called The Golden Curry. It is low priced and near The Bakers.
Near Burger King in riverside you will find The Eagle.  It is your average coffee shop with inexpensive fast food options and a family friendly environment.
The Waterman is a fast food restaurant that is not kid friendly. They have moderate prices and are located in Riverside with a customer review of 1 out of 5.
The Mill is a Chinese put with a cheap price range located in the riverside.
The Ranch is located by The Cricketers pub
Located in riverside near The Portland Arms, Cotto coffee shop serves cheap Indian food and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Taste of Cambridge is a French coffee shop in riverside.  It is convenient to the Crowne Plaza Hotel, and offer a child-friendly environment.
A coffee shop with an average customer rating serving French food is Aromi in Riverside. They are non family-friendly.
In Riverside, the Bibimbap House is a high-priced fast food restaurant near Clare Hall.
Near Yippee Noodle Bar there is a expensive restaurant called Alimentum.
Browns Cambridge, a family friendly coffee shop, known for fast food but low rating, located near Crown Plaza Hotel in riverside
The Rice Boat seems to be an fine children friendly fast food restaurant  at riverside, with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Alimentum is a children-friendly Japanese food of price range more than £30 in riverside
The Eagle is a family style coffee shop with a rating of one out of five stars for a decent price located in City centre near Burger King
The Wrestlers are located in a busy part of town. They sell spaghetti which you can enjoy with some wine. Quite cheap, they have a three-star rating. Convenient for families with children and prams.
Aromi is a family-friendly coffee shop serving Indian food in the city centre. It has a low customer rating.
Clowns , the coffee shop is rated 5 out of 5 by customers in the Clare Hall and Riverside area, and serves Japanese style food
There is an Indian coffee shop called The Golden Palace in riverside with a high price range and a 1 out of 5 rating.
If Japanese is what you are looking for The Green Man is family friendly costing less than £20 and is near All Bar One in the riverside area
By the riverside and near Yippee Noodle Bar the Alimentum serves Japanese food for less than £20 and customer rated average.
Located in riverside, is a high price Fast food restaurant called The Waterman. It has average customer ratings and is not children friendly.
The Waterman is a cheap family-friendly restaurant that serves Italian food in the city centre. It has a customer rating 5 out of 5.
With a moderate price Range, The Golden Curry near The Bakers is kid Friendly serving Fast food.
a high customer rating the Browns Cambridge serves English food price of  more than £30 and
The Golden Palace in Riverside is a 5 star restaurant
Cocum is a 1-star rated restaurant that is not child-friendly.
The Rice Boat is an Indian restaurant with a moderate price range in the city centre, near Express by Holiday Inn. It is not child friendly and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
For child friendly French food near the Crown Plaza Hotel try The Waterman.
In riverside area near The Sorrento, is a coffee shop called The Mill. It sells fast food at a moderate price range.
The highly rated but expensive The Twenty Two is family friendly. It is located in the riverside area near The Rice Boat.
The Golden Palace offers reasonably priced pub food, it is in Luton near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
The Eagle is a French coffee shop located near the Burger King in the city centre. They have a high customer rating and their prices range between  £20-25 but they are not children friendly.
Blue Spice is Italian food cheaply priced, located in Riverside area.
A fast food restaurant named The Phoenix has a rating of 1 out of 5 and is by the riverside.
An English eatery, The Golden Curry, is an adult only and average rated.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly coffee shop located near Raja Indian Cuisine.
Browns Cambridge offers Indian food at a high price and is rated 1 out of 5 by customers
With a cheap price range and average customer rating, located in the city centre near Yippee Noodle Bar, The Alimentum offers Italian food at a cheap price range.
Near The Sorrento, by the riverside there is a coffee shop called The Mill. It is cheap and serves Indian food.
There is s cheap pub called The Vaults that is near Café Adriatic, it sells high priced food and has an average rating.
Alimentum is a Yippee Noodle Bar fast food by the riverside that charges less then 20 with a low rating.
Strada is a moderately priced restaurant that serves Japanese food and is located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
The Vaults, a pub close to Café Adriatic, who have high prices and an average customer rating
A cheap Indian restaurant that is rated 5 out of 5 named Strada is near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
In Riverside there's a restaurant called The Phoenix that makes Japanese food but has a low customer rating.
In Riverside is a highly rated fast food restaurant named Loch Fyne that is near The Rice Boat.
The restaurant The Golden Palace offers meals of under £20 per person.
The Cricketers is a family friendly pub near Ranch with an average customer rating.
Loch Fyne, providing 1 star food close to the city centre and The Rice Boat.
Loch Fyne serves English food and is near The Rice Boat in the city centre.  It has a low customer rating.
Clowns is a restaurant that serves food near Clare Hall.
The coffee shop Cotto is a Japanese food type place near The Portland Arms, at the riverside, that has a moderate price range and a 1 out of 5 customer rating
Strada is near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café. It serves more expensive  French food, welcomes children and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Golden Curry is not kids-friendly with moderate price range. It is near The Bakers with English food.
Green Man is a moderate priced family-friendly English joint located in the city centre by All Bar One.
Browns Cambridge is located in the city centre near The Sorrento and is a family-friendly English restaurant.
Riverside has an Indian food Café located near Crowne Plaza Hotel called Browns Cambridge. It has a 5 out of 5 customer rating and is family friendly.
Blue Spice, in the riverside area, has Chinese food and a price Range more than £30.
Highly rated, The Rice Boat serves Japanese food in the £20-£25 price range in a kids friendly atmosphere located in the city centre near Express by Holiday Inn.
Located on the riverside, The Mill is a moderately priced French pub.
Loch Fyne is located at the city centre near The Rice Boat. They serve Italian food but have a low customer rating.
Looking for a highly rated family friendly experience - Cocum is your restaurant to try.
The Waterman is cheap and family friendly.
The riverside is also home to The Phoenix, an excellent fast food place for all ages.
Cotto is a highly rated coffee shop in the riverside area near The Portland Arms.  It serves Italian food and the price range is £20-25.
The Rice Boat is a restaurant providing average quality food in the average price range. It is located in the north of city after Express by Holiday Inn.
The Cricketers is a family-Friendly pub with a low customer rating located near Ranch.
Browns Cambridge is a high end restaurant serving English food with a low customer rating.
Blue Spice is low price coffee shop Located in riverside with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 but not children-friendly
The Vaults is a small, moderately priced pub near Café Adriatic with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Near All Bar One is located Green Man, restaurant of Japanese food moderate price in the centre of city, for all
Near the Crowne Plaza Hotel is a child friendly Italian restaurant called The Waterman.
Bibimbap House is located next to Clare Hall and is a budget priced food and drink venue.
You can get English food at The Punter and it is cheap.
Bibimbap House serves expensive Italian food. It is located near Clare Hall in Riverside.
The Waterman is a Chinese restaurant in the cheap price range with a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is located in the city centre area and is not family friendly.
There is a French food pub called the Wildwood.  It has low customer ratings and the price range is more than 30.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine in Riverside that serves expensive French food. It is children friendly.
Cocum is a Japanese coffee shop with a moderate price range that has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and is not kids friendly.
The Wildwood pub is an affordable place to dine.
Fitzbillies sells French food in the average price range and is located near The Six Bells.
There is a child friendly coffee shop that serves high priced Japanese food located in the Riverside area called Fitzbillies.
The Mill pub provides moderate priced Italian food and is based in Riverside
an average restaurant is Strada
Strada is a average rated, children friendly, and high priced Fast food place located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
Cotto located near Ranch serves Japanese food for all. It is not recommended by others.
The Eagle's Japanese food is rated 5 out of 5
Strada is cheap, family friendly with 5 out of 5 ratings.
Fitzbillies is children friendly, near Express by Holiday Inn, has high customer rating and price range is more than £30.
French Cotto, located by Ranch, is kids-friendly and rating of 3 out of 5.
Blue Spice is a kid friendly, riverside restaurant with a price range of 20-25 and a customer rating of 3 out of 5
If you're looking for a moderately priced French restaurant there's one in the city centre. It's called The Phoenix and  has moderate prices but it has a one out of five customer rating.
The Golden Palace coffee shop serves Japanese style food. It is close to the City center, medium priced and rated five stars.
The Golden Curry, Is not a family-friendly environment. We provide quality Italian food. We are located near Café Rouge, In the city centre. Customer rating Low.
The Wrestlers is a restaurant providing Fast food deliveries in the low price range. It is located in Raja Indian Cuisine
Near the river, there is a poorly rated family restaurant called The Rice Boat.
Wildwood is a pub offering Chinese food at a low price range, with an average customer rating.
Alimentum is a cheap Italian restaurant located in the  city centre near the Yippee Noodle Bar with a  customer rating 5 out of 5.
The Punter is a highly priced Indian restaurant.
For Japanese food, I would recommend The Golden Curry. It boasts a 5 out of 5 rating by customers and is very child friendly.
The Twenty Two is a family friendly pub serving British cuisine.
A low price restaurant is Taste of Cambridge, though it's rated low with customers.
The Cocum is a fast food coffee shop with high customer ratings and average prices. The Cocum is not child-friendly.
There is a family friendly restaurant which serves English food called The Twenty Two.
In the riverside area there is a place called The Eagle which has a price range of less than £20 and an average customer rating.
Taste of Cambridge is a no family-friendly coffee shop providing Fast food. It is located near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside.
Giraffe is a French pub in the riverside area that is child friendly.
The Green Man is a British, family friendly restaurant with inexpensive dishes. It can be found north of the city center., nearby All Bar One and the river.
Next to The Rice Boat there is a restaurant called The Twenty Two, its not good for families.
City Centre is home to a cheap and family friendly Chinese restaurant known as The Rice Boat which is located near Express by Holiday Inn.
Taste of Cambridge coffee shop offers Italian food in the riverside area. It is near the Crown Plaza Hotel.
The Phoenix, customer rated 1 out of 5, serves Chinese food in the riverside area.
with a rating of 3 out of 5 near Café Sicilia a coffee shop which is kids Friendly and priced £20-£25 is The Punter which serves Japanese food
The Eagle serves Japanese food and has customer Rating 3 out of 5.
For moderately priced fast food there is Browns Cambridge although it has only scored 1 out of 5 stars.
Cotto is a kid-friendly place to have high-rated Indian food  by the Ranch.
The Cambridge Blue is a pub near Café Brazil. It offers French food in the higher price range.
A family friendly hamburger restaurant is called The Golden Curry and has an okay rating of 3 out of 5 stars.
Found in riverside, The Twenty Two has French food and is kids friendly.
The Cambridge Blue restaurant offers average French food.
The Wrestlers is an Italian food restaurant. It has a 5 out of 5 customer rating and the prices are cheap, but it is not family-friendly.
The Cambridge Blue is a 1 out of 5 rated Japanese restaurant.
The Waterman pub in the city centre offers Fast food in a pub environment, customers have reported mixed results.
Strada is a fast food restaurant near Rainbow Vegetarian Café whose prices are less than  £20.  It is not a family-friendly restaurant and it has a low customer rating.
In riverside there is a pub called The Mill serving Indian food for less than £20.
For a kid friendly place at a moderate price make a stop at Strada, however its customer rating is low at 1 out of 5.
The Dumpling Tree is a family friendly fast food pub near The Portland Arms.
Giraffe is a restaurant near The Six Bells with a price range of 20-25 pounds.
For a low to moderately priced Indian restaurant, try The Dumpling Tree.
Midsummer House is located near Café Rouge.  It is highly rated and serves Indian food.
The Wrestlers is an expensive family friendly coffee shop north of the city, near Raja Indian Cuisine.
Bibimbap House Chinese food price range is more than £30, but the ambiance of the riverside location near Clare Hall makes it perfect.
Zizzi is a moderately priced coffee shop in the city centre. It isn't kids friendly and has a 1 out of 5 rating.
The Punter is an Indian restaurant that has a cheap price range
Midsummer House serves good fast food, situated near Café Rouge.
The Chinese restaurant known as Loch Fyne has high prices and is not kid friendly.
Chinese food in a family friendly environment: The Twenty Two.
The Punter is in the city centre near The Portland Arms. They are in the price range of more than £30 and are not child friendly.
Fitzbillies is located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café and has a low price range.
Despite not being child friendly and having a high price range, The Plough, a pub near Café Rouge offers Chinese food
The Waterman is a children friendly Italian restaurant in the city centre that has an average rating and high prices.
In the city centre there is a mid rated coffee shop called Fitzbillies,of French styling and unfortunately not for children. Costs are reasonably low also
Cocum is a coffee shop that provide Indian food of low prices. It is highly rated by the customers. Cocum is a coffee shop which is so children friendly.
Wildwood is a pub featuring low prices and serving burgers, fries, and drinks.
Loch Fyne is a restaurant providing dining in a family friendly atmosphere.
Cotto is a coffee shop near The Portland Arms. It is cheap and moderately rated.
At City Centre, near Express by Holiday Inn is a Japanese restaurant called The Rice Boat. Its price range is high and is rated 3 out of 5 by customers. It is also children friendly.
Blue Spice is a Japanese restaurant in riverside provide food at a price of more than £30.
The Phoenix is a riverside Japanese restaurant. It is moderately priced and gets a 1 out of 5 rating.
The Waterman is a pub that provides Japanese located by the riverside with a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
The Dumpling Tree is a family friendly Italian pub ear The Portland Arms.
The Twenty Two is children friendly and located near The Rice Boat in the city centre. It has low customer ratings and costs more than 30 pounds.
In the riverside area is a cheap restaurant called Blue Spice that serves Fast Food.
For Italian food, try The Twenty Two in Riverside which is also suitable for children.
Located near The Bakers, The Golden Curry sells children friendly Italian food in the high price range.
Blue Spice  serves food in the £20-25 price range and is along the riverside.
The Olive Grove is a cheap French pub you can go to as a family in the riverside area
There is a Yippee Noodle Bar with high customer ratings called Strada. It serves Italian food and is a pub
French food in Riverside, near Express by Holiday Inn, can be found at The Rice Boat. It has low customer ratings and a family friendly environment.
The Punter restaurant, sell Japanese food, only £20-25.
Average rating restaurant in city centre is The Golden Palace.
Aromi is child-friendly and located riverside, serving pub-style fare. It has a low customer rating.
In the city centre area is a children friendly restaurant named The Punter. The price range is more than 30 and it is near The Portland Arms.
The Plough is a family-friendly pub near Café Rouge.  The pub serves English food for less than £20.
Cocum is a coffee shop serving expensive Italian food.  It is family friendly and has a three star rating.
The Waterman is a pub restaurant that serves Indian food. It has an average customer rating. It is located at the riverside
The Waterman is a well-reviewed British pub on the river.
The French pub in the city center, 'The Waterman', is not a recommended place to go.
Browns Cambridge is a high-priced restaurant offering English food with an average customer rating.
The Cambridge Blue is a high-rated, English restaurant.
By the Rainbow Vegetarian Café, there is a restaurant called The Rice Boat with average prices that customer like a lot.
Fitzbillies is a cheap Japanese coffee shop in the riverside area that  is not family-friendly and has a 5 out of 5 rating
The Waterman is a pub serving Indian food near the city centre with a low rating.
The Waterman is pub that serves Japanese food.  It is by the riverside and has a low customer rating.
You can order Japanese food for more than £30 at the coffee shop The Punter.  It's located near Café Sicilia, is not child friendly and has a low customer rating.
The Phoenix It offers French meals at a price Less than £20
Near the city centre it's found a low-cost coffee shop, is called Fitzbillies,  serves dishes from £30 for all
The Vaults is a kids friendly restaurant serving Indian food between £20-25 per person.
The fast food restaurant called The Taste of Cambridge, is located in the riverside area near The Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is kid friendly, and also a coffee shop
In the less than £20 price range is the Blue Spice which serves French food and is in the riverside area.
There is a five star rated coffee shop located inside of Café Sicilia. The Punter offers food and drink.
Located in the riverside area, close to Café Rouge, The Golden Curry is an English restaurant with an average customer rating but it is not family-friendly.
Browns Cambridge has an average customer rating and a high price range.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly establishment with a 5-star rating.
An Indian restaurant with a 5 out of 5 customer rating in the riverside near The Rice Boat is Loch Fyne.
The Cambridge Blue is a pub that provides Indian food in the moderate price range. It is near Café Brazil.
The Green Man is in the price range of more than £30. It is children friendly and is near the riverside.
The Alimentum is near the Yippee Noodle Bar. It is a cheap Japanese place in the riverside area with a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
Clowns coffee shop offers Italian food. It has low consumer ratings. Is located near Clare Hall
In the middle of the city, there is a Chinese restaurant named The Golden Curry, near Café Rouge.  Although this establishment is not family friendly, they do have an average customer rating.
Wildwood pub provides great food at a mid range price.
There is an Indian restaurant called The Dumpling Tree which has prices under £20
The Punter serves cheaper English food.
Strada is a Chinese food restaurant with a low customer rating located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café. It is family friendly and has dishes under 20 pounds.
The Rice Boat serves Indian food in Riverside. It has an average customer rating and is kid friendly.
The Golden Curry is a Japanese restaurant providing excellent customer service. It is located on the riverside near Café Rouge.
Strada is a cheap family friendly place near Rainbow Vegetarian Café with a 5 out of 5 customer rating
There is a Japanese coffee shop called The Wrestlers located near Raja Indian Cuisine in riverside. They do offer a higher price range but are children friendly.
Alimentum is a Fast food place located near Yippee Noodle Bar in city centre. The prices are anywhere from £20-25. They have even earned a high rating.
Alimentum is located in the city centre near Yippee Noodle Bar serves High Priced English food.
The Travellers Rest Beefeater is a family friendly restaurant with a low price range.
The Eagle has low customer rating and costs more than £30.
Aromi is a child friendly pub in the riverside area with an average customer rating.
The Wrestlers is a cheap and family friendly coffee shop in the Riverside area. The Wrestlers serves fast food and is located near Raja Indian Cuisine.
When in Riverside and you have no kids, then you might try the English restaurant named The Waterman.  It is mediocre with moderate prices and is not kid friendly.
Indian food at Bibimbap House,we provide food with a price Range more than £30. Locate in the riverside area, near to  the Clare Hall.
Crowne Plaza Hotel near the city centre area has a coffee shop named Browns Cambridge; it offers French food and has a low customer rating yet is family-friendly.
The Eagle is located on the riverside near Burger King.  It serves moderately priced Italian food.  The coffee shop is kid friendly, but received 1 out 5 on customer reviews.
The Golden Curry serves Japanese food.  It is near Café Rouge and the river, and is not family-friendly.  It also has a low customer rating.
The Phoenix is a low rating Chinese restaurant near city centre.
The Waterman a place to eat English food, located in the city centre. With low prices, a family-friendly environment, but low customer ratings.
The pub named Zizzi has an average customer rating,  is family-friendly, and offers French dishes.
Midsummer House has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is a wine bar located close to Café Rouge
Cocum is a highly rated coffee shop with an average price range. It serves Indian food and children are welcome.
The Rice Boat is a cheap restaurant that received a 5 out of 5 customer rating. They serve English food and are located in city centre near Express by Holiday Inn.
Strada is a cheap family friendly place near Rainbow Vegetarian Café with a 5 out of 5 customer rating
The Rice Boat, located riverside, is a non family friendly restaurant with a lower customer rating.
Located on the riverside, The Waterman is a highly rated pub serving French food.
There is a pub called Strada that is close to Yippee Noodle Bar.
The Olive Grove is located in the city centre and have a moderate price range
With a low customer rating, Browns Cambridge serves Indian food and has a price range of less than £20.
The Eagle is not  kid friendly. a customer rating of 3 out of 5. Its near Burger King in riverside
The Wrestlers serves Indian food. It has a moderate price range. Its near Raja Indian Cuisine in riverside.
The Plough is  a family friendly pub that serves Japanese food less than £20 near Café Rouge.
The Olive Grove is a non family-friendly Italian pub in the center of the city with a price range of less than 20 euros.
Clowns is a cheap average rating pub in the area of Riverside.
The Cambridge Blue is a French pub, moderately priced, near Café Brazil.
family-friendly and rated low, Aromi is a pub in the city centre.
Giraffe is a cheap coffee shop for individuals near The Bakers with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Eagle at Riverside has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 and is cheap
Clowns is not a children friendly restaurant with a price range of more than 30lb near Café Sicilia.
The Rice Boat is a high priced, Chinese food restaurant with a high customer rating, in the Riverside area, near the Express by Holiday Inn, it is not child friendly.
Cotto is a restaurant for Japanese food in the low price range. it is located close to Ranch and it is suitable for families.
The Waterman in the city centre has an average customer rating and is family-friendly.  They serve Japanese food for less than £20.
The kids friendly The Wrestlers serves Chinese food which is moderately priced with a moderate customer rating.
If you're looking for Japanese food, try The Waterman, a reasonably-priced, family-friendly restaurant  in the city centre.  This restaurant received a rating of 5 out of 5 from customers.
The highly rated Cocum serves Japanese food in a child friendly location
The Eagle, near Burger King on the riverside has a great customer rating of 5 out of 5. It's a coffee shop that serves French food at cheap prices, although it's a no families environment.
Located by the riverside, Giraffe is a family friendly pub which serves French food.
The Rice Boat is a low-rated family-friendly restaurant with a price range of less than £20. It serves Japanese food and is located near Express by Holiday Inn in the city centre.
By the riverside and near Burger King is a cheap family friendly Italian coffee shop called The Eagle. It has a customer rating of average.
The Cambridge Blue restaurantr serves Indian food and has an average customer rating
There is a cheap coffee shop named Cocum, rated average by customers. The place offers Fast food and is family friendly.
The Waterman has a high end price range and is child friendly.
For an average English restaurant  that doesn't allow kids, try The Rice Boat in Riverside, near the Express by Holiday Inn.
The Vaults serves high-priced Italian food, and is not children-friendly.
A high priced Japanese coffee shop with a high customer rating but not child friendly, is The Eagle, near Burger King in the city centre
Loch Fyne, located on the riverside in close proximity to The Rice Boat, is a 5-star fine-dining restaurant.
The Waterman is a French restaurant in the price range less than £20 with a low customer rating. It has a bad family-friendly atmosphere
The Twenty Two is a fast food family friendly restaurant.
with a low customer rating the The Rice Boat is family friendly serving Italian food.
Cotto is a cheap coffee shop in the south of the city near of The Portland Arms.
Located near Avalon in the Riverside area, the Blue Spice is a coffee shop. They are moderately priced and received a 3 out of 5 customer rating.
Bibimbap House on the riverside, near Clare Hall, serves moderately priced English food.
The Phoenix  is a 3 star river side restaurant
The Waterman kid friendly  Chinese restaurant located near the riverside is moderately rated for price. Its customer ratings are 3 out of 5.
There is a family-friendly place at the riverside called Alimentum. It offers Japanese food in the low price range.
There is a low-priced coffee shop near the city river called The Mill, it is also close to The Sorrento.
Kid-friendly French dining can be had in riverside near All Bar One at Green Man for £20-25.
Giraffe is a pub that provides Chinese food It is located in the riverside.
The Mill, a cheap coffee shop that serves fast food is near The Sorrento on the riverside.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is a restaurant geared towards adults that is in the medium price range.
There is a pub with cheap prices that sells Chinese food. Wildwood has been rated 5 out of 5.
The Eagle has a cheap price range.  It is in the Riverside area.  The customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Cotto is a coffee shop serving Japanese food in the riverside area near The Portland Arms. It is low cost but has a low customer rating.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop providing Japanese food in the city centre city, very close of Crowne Plaza Hotel
Bibimbap House is a restaurant offering Chinese food in the 20 pound range. It's located in the riverside area near Clare Hall.
Low priced and low rated, Alimentum is a riverside Italian food place near Yippee Noodle Bar.
In the centre of the city, near Raja Indian Cuisine sits a high priced coffee shop called The Wrestlers, that offers Indian food at a non child friendly establishment.
The Punter serves English food with a price of £20-25.
The Taste of Cambridge is a child friendly Indian coffee shop. It is located in Riverside next to the Crowne Plaza Hotel.
In the city centre there is an Indian food place called The Mill, is meal is less than £20.
The Waterman is an average rating restaurant located in city center.
Alimentum is a moderately priced, adult oriented Indian restaurant in the riverside area.
In the center of the city near Burger King, the fast food, is a kid friendly coffee shop named The Eagle. Customers rate it a 3 out of 5, with moderate pricing.
Located near the city centre, The Golden Palace, is a low rated coffee shop that serves Japanese food that costs more than 30.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop providing Indian food and has an average customer rating. Located in the city of Riverside, it is a family-friendly establishment that is near the Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Located next to The Portland Arms The Cricketers, coffee shop. Not available to families, 1 star restaurant
With a low customer rating and a price range of less than £20, Zizzi is a family friendly coffee shop on the riverside.
The Golden Palace offers mid-priced coffee, cheese, and fruit and is located on the river.
Customers rate The Eagle, a Japanese restaurant, as average.
Children friendly places are indeed, yes, can cast you more than £30 at a place in riverside named The Rice Boat. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 stars and they sell French food near the Express by Holiday Inn.
Located on the riverside, The Phoenix serves English food at high prices. Customers rate The Phoenix as average.
Near Café Rouge, The Golden Curry is a kid friendly fast food place on the Riverside, with a rating of 1 out of  5
Wildwood coffee shop is near the Ranch and of the higher price range.
The Bakers which has a price range of less than £20 was given an average rating by the Giraffe for a non family-friendly coffee shop
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Indian food in the high price range. It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Wildwood pub offers Indian food with a high price range and average customer rating of average.
Fitzbillies is located near The Six Bells with a price range of  less the £20 and is Japanese.
Strada provides fast food. It is near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café. It has high customer rating, is kid friendly and has a price range of £20-25.
Blue Spice is an upscale restaurant conveniently located in the city center.  3 out of 5 customers recommend eating at Blue Spice as it has an average price range of 20-25.
There is an English food  restaurant in riverside called Aromi.
Near the Crowne Plaza Hotel is a children friendly English restaurant called The Waterman.
In the riverside area, near Café Rouge, The Golden Curry serves fast food, is child friendly and has been highly rated by customers.
Moderate prices you can find at Alimentum, near Yippee Noodle Bar. This is a new restaurant near riverside with Japanese food, rated 1 out of 5 by our customers.
Strada is a restaurant that gets low customer ratings.
Midsummer House is located near All Bar One. It has a high customer Rating. The price Range is slightly above average, more than £30, for their Italian cuisine.
Situated on the riverfront, north of the City centre, the premium 'The Olive Grove' pub is a family-friendly eatery serving a variety of wines and cheeses.
The Punter is a 1-star coffee shop providing drinks and desserts  in the high price range. It is located beside Café Sicilia and suitable for families.
Wildwood is a coffee shop located near Ranch, it serves Fast food and has an average customer rating.
Wildwood, the expensive, lowly rated Pub, serving French cuisine.
The Cricketers is a Chinese restaurant located near All Bar One.
Located on the outskirts of the city centre is a family friendly coffee shop Fitzbillies  that serves mid-range priced food.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop providing French food more than 30 pounds price range it is located in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine not child friendly for adults only
For a fancy night out, try Browns Cambridge, with entrees in the high price range.  Customers give it 3 out of 5 stars.
If you're ever traveling through the riverside area, try your luck dining at The Phoenix. It's a Chinese restaurant with a lowly rated customer review, yet low enough to fit your budget.
The Eagle Indian coffee shop, is moderate in price with a 3 out of 5 customer Rating, not kid friendly on the riverside near Burger King.
Browns Cambridge is a restaurant serving average quality sushi that has above average pricing.
Giraffe restaurant near The Six Bells is in the cheap price range.
Wildwood is a highly rated pub offering American food.  It is moderately priced.
The Punter is a coffee shop offering Italian food. This is a children friendly coffee shop which is highly rated . It is situated near Café Sicilia but can be expensive with food being more than £30.00.
Green Man provides Chinese food in the high price range. It is located in the city centre. It is near All Bar One.
There is a high priced Italian restaurant named The Waterman near riverside. It is child friendly with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Waterman located in riverside with over average prices  is an ok rated adult only Fast food eatery
The Rice Boat is a  5 star,  family restaurant that serves reasonably priced food and  spirits.  It is located close to the  Express by Holiday Inn.
Fitzbillies is not a children friendly coffee shop serving Japanese food for more than £30 with a 5 out of 5 rating located near the city centre.
Chinese food under £20 don't bring the kids to Loch Fyne
Wildwood is a child-friendly restaurant.
Alimentum is a cheap 5 star rated Indian restaurant near Yippee Noodle Bar and the riverside.
The Cambridge Blue is a restaurant providing English food. It has an average customer rating.
Clowns is a pricey but child friendly venue near Café Sicilia
The high priced pasta meals at The Golden Palace coffee shop have an average rating of 1 out of 5 stars.  Located in the City centre area.
The Mill is  a pub style restaurant offering English style food. The price range is above £30. Conveniently located around riverside.
The Vaults is a coffee shop with average customer ratings an is located near to Café Brazil in the riverside area
The Waterman is a restaurant located in the historical center. of the city offering authentic Asian food.
The Rice Boat is a not family place with great rating and price range more than £30 next to Express by Holiday Inn
Giraffe is a coffee shop near of The Bakers with a low customer rating
The Punter is a Japanese restaurant. The price range is more than £30.
Midsummer House serves Chinese food. They are located near Café Rouge and are rated low.
With a rating of 1 out of 5 stars, The Rice Boat provides Italian food in its kid-friendly environment.
near The Portland Arms,children friendly The Cricketers coffee Shop serves Italian food with a customer rating of 1 out of 5
Midsummer House is a expensive place to eat, it has 5 stars and is near All Bar One.
French food served at the kids-friendly Green Man located near the All Bar One in the city centre.
For under £20 dining at an average rating, visit Browns Cambridge.
The Eagle is a Chinese restaurant with an average customer rating.
Clowns is a fast food coffee shop  near Clare Hall
The Wrestlers is kids Friendly, serves Fast food, has high ratings and costs between £20-25.
5 out of 5 for this coffee shop, although no facilities for children. It is close to Burger King, called The Eagle near to the riverside has a price list of more than £30 serves Japanese cuisine.
The Rice Boat, situated in the city centre near the Express by Holiday Inn. It serves French food within a price range of less than £20. No families. The customer rating is average.
The highly acclaimed Italian Pub Zizzi is kid friendly.
The Vaults is an expensive, one star, coffee shop near Café Brazil.
The Dumpling Tree is a kids friendly pub serving English food. It is near The Portland Arms.
Blue Spice is located in the city centre, it has a rating of 1 out of 5, a moderate price range and is kid friendly.
The Rice Boat is a highly rated Japanese eatery located by Express by Holiday Inn. It is in the city centre, is not child friendly and has a price range of more than £30.
Blue Spice have a high price range located in the riverside
For Fast food in a pub, come to Strada - 3 out of 5, near Yippee Noodle Bar
Bring your kids to Strada and enjoy Fast food at only £20-25. Boasting excellent customer ratings near the infamous Rainbow Vegetarian Café
There is a  average rated restaurant named Taste of Cambridge with cheap prices.
Located near All Bar One, Midsummer House serves cheap English food. Midsummer House has an average customer rating.
There is a pretty good coffee shop, called The Vaults, in the riverside district. It is close to Café Brazil. Although prices are a bit high, customers still give it a good rating, 3 out of 5, would still eat there.
The Wrestlers, a children friendly restaurant that serves English food, has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and has a high price range.
Near Express by Holiday Inn is a family friendly restaurant called The Plough.
Cocum is an expensive Italian coffee shop that is average and not family-friendly.
Midsummer House near All Bar One is an Italian place with an average rating and cheap prices.
Rated 5 out of 5, Blue Spice is a child friendly restaurant located on the riverside. Prices are typically more than £30.
coffee shop Blue Spice is located in city centre near Avalon. It has a price range of 20-25 with a high customer rating. It is not recommended for families.
Known for its Italian style and kid-friendly area, the Zizzi is a high-rated pub.
The Punter is a coffee shop providing Indian food in the moderate price range and a customer rating of 3 out of 5. The venue has a kid friendly atmosphere and is located near Café Sicilia.
Wildwood Pub is a one star restaurant that sells spaghetti and wine and is moderately priced.
The Rice Boat serves English food in price range of less than £20. Is family-friendly located in the city centre near the Express by Holiday Inn, customer rating is low.
The Cambridge Blue, near Café Brazil  offers moderately priced pub style Italian food.
Loch Fyne is a Japanese restaurant that is rated 3 out of 5. It is located in riverside near The Rice Boat
The Waterman is a Chinese food, kids Friendly restaurant , with high price Range and average customer Rating located in the city centre.
Wildwood is an English pub serving average rated cheap bites.
Strada is a Japanese pub located near Yippee Noodle Bar. It doesn't have a high customer rating.
The Phoenix is a higher priced restaurant that serves burgers, fries and soft drinks located just off of the city center.
Giraffe is a restaurant near The Six Bells with cheap price range
Clowns is an expensive, poorly rated pub in the city centre.
Loch Fyne is a fast food restaurant that is not child friendly and is in the price range of more than 30.
Fitzbillies near the Express by Holiday Inn average food with a price point of less than £20 per meal, Sorry no children allowed.
Browns Cambridge offers solid, standard British fare for those on a moderate budget.
The Dumpling Tree is a kid friendly pub near The Portland Arms that serves English food.
Bibimbap House serves English food near Clare Hall in riverside. It has a high price range.
If you're looking for some kid friendly pub food near Ranch, then you could try The Cricketers, however, it has a low customer rating of 1 out of 5.
In the riverside area there is a cheap, family friendly, English restaurant named Alimentum.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop selling Indian food in the centre of the city. It is child friendly and has a high customer rating, with meal prices ranging between £20-£25.
A Japanese eating establishment near to the Express by Holiday Inn is The Rice Boat.  They are not children friendly have a low customer rating and their prices range more than £30.  However, they are in the city centre.
For a more costly restaurant try The Golden Palace.
The Waterman is an Indian restaurant in the moderate price range with customer rating of 3 out of 5, in the city centre but is not kids friendly.
Bibimbap House  is a high-priced restaurant next to Clare Hall  that serves Sushi.
For Fast food  there is The Wrestlers.  It is not child friendly and prices are high.  Customer rating are low, 1 out of 5.
There is a child friendly place called Fitzbillies that is near the Express by Holiday Inn. They have high ratings and their price ranges over 30.
Cotto is a family friendly Chinese restaurant near Ranch with a low customer rating.
The Waterman is a highly recommended family-friendly French restaurant in Luton serving budget food.
The Rice Boat is a fast food restaurant near Express by Holiday Inn in the city centre. It is not kid friendly, has a moderate price range, and a low customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Blue Spice has a price range of more than £30, it is by the riverside.
Blue Spice is a high end coffee shop in the city centre of Avalon customers rate it 3 out of 5 as it isn't children friendly
A child friendly coffee shop is Zizzi, located in the city centre. They have a 5 out of 5 customer rating, and are in the price range of more than £30.
The Eagle is a family friendly coffee shop with average customer ratings that serves fast food. It is an above average price coffee shop and it is in riverside near Burger King.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is a medium-priced restaurant in the city centre.
Zizzi offers coffee shop for family-friendly with cheap price in city centre.
There is a cheap, family friendly, coffee shop with a perfect rating near riverside named Zizzi.
A fast food coffee shop with a 5 out of 5 rating is Aromi. It's located in Riverside. It's not family-friendly.
Alimentum, the Indian restaurant in the city centre near Yippee Noodle Bar, has a high price range and a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
If you are in riverside near The Portland Arms and looking for French cuisine, stop at Cotto. This coffee shop has been rated 3 out of 5, and typical meals cost £20-25.
The Plough is an Indian pub located near Café Rouge where prices are high and children are not welcomed.
The Olive Grove pub providing Indian food in good price .Price range  less than £20 per dish . It is located in the city centre .Nice to see all family .
The Wrestlers French coffee shop is children friendly, and can be found in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine.
Browns Cambridge has an average price range with high customer ratings.
Good value meals at the Wildwood pub.
Strada is cheap, is family friendly and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
For moderate rated Chinese food, try The Vaults. Not child friendly.
With a price range of £20-25, offering French food, near Clare Hall is Bibimbap House in the riverside area.
The Dumpling Tree is a  great coffee shop located near Café Sicilia. The price range is high and the location is child friendly. You will find it in the riverside area.
The Rice Boat is a Fast Food restaurant located in the City Centre.
The Waterman is a pub North of City centre. It serves fast food style meals.
There is a kids-friendly, French restaurant named Loch Fyne. The price range is twenty to twenty-five pounds.
The Vaults, near Café Brazil is a high-priced coffee shop in riverside with a 3 out of 5 rating.
Midsummer House is a Fast food restaurant near Café Rouge. It has a low customer rating.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is moderately priced located in the center of the city near Café Adriatic.
Browns Cambridge is a fast food place that received 3 out of 5 stars. It cost between 20 and 25 pounds to eat there.
The restaurant is called The Golden Curry.  It serves Italian food and yes, it is kid-friendly.  It has a high customer rating.
The Cricketers is not a family-friendly pub near Ranch, that has low customer ratings.
Loch Fyne  is a French restaurant  near The Rice Boat in riverside with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Green Man and All Bar One is a full service restaurant located north of the City center.
The Vaults is a five-star coffee shop in the high price range.  It is located near Café Brazil.
The Golden Curry is a five star establishment that serves fast food.
There is a children friendly, coffee shop in the riverside area called Aromi which serves French food. Customer rating 3 out of 5.
Located near riverside, The Waterman is an Indian restaurant. Highly rated, the price range is between £20-25 per person.
The family-friendly restaurant called The Rice Boat serves Indian food with a 5 out of 5 rating.  It is next to riverside.
Cotto provides Indian food It is near Ranch. Its customer rating is average.
At The Twenty Two we offer a 1 out of 5 customer rating pub. You can find us in the riverside area near Café Sicilia.
Blue Spice is by the riverside and is kid friendly. Its prices range from 20-25 and it has a high customer rating.
The Punter restaurant is on the less expensive end.
An area in riverside has a high price range with an average customer service rating. It is a coffee shop near The Portland Arms that serves Italian food and goes by Cotto.
Strada is located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café and offers Indian food costing more than 30. It has a high customer rating but is not child friendly.
Families are welcome to dine on good Italian food for a fair price at Cocum coffee shop.
A family pub called the Giraffe is located in the riverside, serves Chinese food, and is family friendly.
Come by the river to The Waterman for a family friendly meal of cheese, wine, and fruit.
Average priced, The Vaults serves British food suitable for the whole family.
Cocum is coffee shop offering Indian food at a moderate price range.  With an average rating, it is not ideal for children.
Browns Cambridge, Not family-friendly, is a fast food place located near The Sorrento in the city centre.
Loch Fyne is a  Japanese  restaurant providing children Friendly  food price ranged more than £30.
The Vaults is a restaurant serving Japanese food.
Strada is a cheap French pub restaurant located near Yippee Noodle Bar, but the ratings are low.
A mid prices venue with a high customer rating that is kid friendly is Strada.
The Eagle  is a medium priced Indian coffee shop located in riverside near Burger King.
The Wrestlers is a cheap, family-friendly Italian restaurant which is not rated highly by customers.
The Cambridge Blue is a pub providing French food near Café Brazil, in the higher price range.
A centrally located coffee shop called The Eagle has Indian food in the price range of 20-25 pounds.  They are not family friendly.  They can be found near Burger King.
There is a Chinese restaurant called Loch Fyne with 5 out of 5 customer rating located in the riverside area near The Rice Boat.
The Punter serves Italian food with a price range of £20-25.
Blue Spice is a mid-range restaurant serving Italian food in Luton.
Located on the riverside, family friendly restaurant The Rice Boat scores 3 out of 5 stars.
The Eagle is a high priced coffee shop in the riverside area near Burger King. It serves Japanese food and is not child friendly but has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
There is a cheap restaurant Zizzi coffee shop located in the centre of the city close to a water way for families to meet
Highly rated inexpensive Japanese food at The Waterman in the city centre is for adults only
The Eagle is coffee shop with a service of Fast food  in the city centre very close of Burger King
The Waterman located on the north city of city center is a cheap affordable Japanese restaurant that allows carryout. If family dining is what you seek,  this is not it.
There is a fairly expensive dine in family restaurant called Loch Fyne.
The Waterman serves Japanese food in riverside. The food is in the cheap price range, and customers rate it a 5 out of 5 despite the unfriendly family environment.
The Golden Curry, Is not a family-friendly environment. We provide quality Italian food. We are located near Café Rouge, In the city centre. Customer rating Low.
The Eagle is a poorly rated, moderately expensive family coffee shop near Burger King. It serves fast food.
The Waterman is an establishment in the city centre serving Italian food at a lower than average price. The Waterman is not child friendly and has a low customer rating.
Moderately priced Browns Cambridge fast food has a 1 out of 5 rating
Clowns is a family friendly venue located near Café Sicilia.
The Twenty Two, offering fast food, is not family-friendly.
Cotto provides Chinese food. It is near Ranch. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Cotto is an Indian restaurant that is child friendly with a low customer rating of 1 out of 5.  It's located near the Ranch.
The Phoenix is an Italian food venue in the Riverside area with a high price range and an average customer rating.
Bibimbap House is an Italian restaurant that offers good value for money it is situated Near Clare Hall which is close to the city centre.
Browns Cambridge has a price range of  more than £30, with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
For French food and a family-friendly environment, The Golden Curry is located in the city centre near Café Rouge, but it has a low customer rating.
The Waterman is an average rated Japanese food place, prices all lower than 20 dollars. Its a family-friendly place located in city center
The Olive Grove has the best sushi at low-prices, every day.
The Vaults is a coffee shop with a customer rating of 3 out of 5, a price range of £20-25 and is situated near Café Brazil in the riverside area.
The Twenty Two is a family friendly Italian restaurant by the riverside.
The Rice Boat serves moderately priced Chinese food and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 stars. It is in the riverside area, is kid friendly, and is near Express by Holiday Inn.
Giraffe, located near the riverside is a children friendly pub that sells Indian food.
Noodle dishes are served at The Punter, a more expensive place to eat.
If you are looking for a children friendly English restaurant, The Golden Curry has a high price range and is located near The Bakers.
Green Man offers expensive Indian food in city centre, near All Bar One. It is kid friendly.
The Eagle is highly rated, expensive restaurant in the riverside area.
The Vaults is an English food place that is high priced and child friendly.
There is a coffee shop located out side the city center. call Fitzbillies. It is in the high price range.
The Vaults is an inexpensive takeaway, serving fast food in Cambridge
The Phoenix is a low priced restaurant in the city.
The Phoenix is a Chinese restaurant located in the riverside area. It has low customer ratings.
A pub in riverside with an average rating is Clowns. It is has a high price-range.
There is a high-priced, three star restaurant located near All Bar One names Midsummer House.
Fitzbillies is a affordable sushi restaurant location in The Six Bells.
Giraffe is a family friendly Chinese pub in the city Centre.
The Waterman serves Indian food in the £20-£25 price range and has a high customer rating. It is located in the city centre and is kid friendly
Giraffe is Pub Riverside It offers drinks at a low price
Loch Fyne is a kids friendly English  restaurant.
The Twenty Two is a children friendly restaurant along the riverside. The Twenty Two serves Chinese food.
There is a child friendly pub called The Plough that serves Chinese food. It's near Café Rouge but it's price range is  little high.
The Wrestlers offers expensive Japanese food but has a low rating and is not child friendly.
The Plough Japanese  Café Rouge pub £20-25 yes
Strada is rated five stars, low priced, and family oriented. It is located near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café and serves fine food and drinks.
Green Man is a pub that provides Chinese food in the riverside area near Café Rouge.
A moderate price range Indian coffee shop called The Eagle is near Burger King in riverside. It has a poor customer rating and is not kid friendly.
Strada is a Fast food restaurant near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café which has a moderate customer rating of 1 out of 5 for a non Kids friendly restaurant
Costing less than £20, Loch Fyne is a family friendly French restaurant.
There is a coffee shop located near Café Sicilia serving Indian food called The Punter. It is in the high price range and is children-friendly. It has a low customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Punter is a child friendly coffee shop situated near Café Sicilia. They serve French food at a price range of over£30 and have a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Mill, a coffee shop, serves Indian food in the £20-25 price range. It is located riverside near The Sorrento.
The Rice Boat in Express by Holiday Inn is a 5 stars place where family can taste great food. it is located in the city centre.
Located near The Six Bells is a cheap Indian restaurant called Fitzbillies.
Loch Fyne is a restaurant providing Chinese food in the moderate price range.
Midsummer House is a high priced, three star restaurant located near All Bar One.
Loch Fyne is a restaurant that provides French food with the price range of more than £30. It is not children friendly.
Blue Spice serves English food for less than £20 in riverside.
The Golden Curry is a French setting, but is not family-friendly and has a low customer rating.
For a night out without kids, try The Vaults. They serve moderate rated Chinese food.
The Twenty Two is a pub located within the Café Sicilia. It is average rated and situated within the city centre.
A  restaurant providing French food in the high price range that customers have rated average is called Browns Cambridge.
bacon eggs and beans at this 1 star eatery near the river The Waterman is family friendly.
Not family-friendly, The Golden Curry is a low rated English restaurant.
Fitzbillies is a three star, expensive, coffee shop located near the river.
The Wrestlers is a Chinese food restaurant with a price range of less than £20 that is low rated and not family friendly.
The Olive Grove restaurant is a mid-priced pub. We are also near the city centre.
The Mill is a small French coffee shop located in the city centre, near The Sorrento. All prices are less than £20.
The Vaults restaurant serves food and is not family friendly. They have a moderate price range.
A place that serves Japanese food is The Wrestlers. With a customer rating of 3 out of 5, the price range is high and it's not child-friendly.
The Twenty Two has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and is near The Rice Boat in the city centre it offers moderate prices.
The Punter is a low-priced restaurant  near of the Café Sicilia.  You can go with your whole family.
Enjoy a family dinner at The Olive Grove in Riverside.
There is a 3-star coffee shop called Clowns located near Clare Hall.
A high priced, child friendly restaurant is The Waterman.
There is a cheap restaurant called The Rice Boat that serves Indian food that is located in riverside near Express by Holiday Inn.  This restaurant is not family friendly and has an average customer rating.
Loch Fyne provides Japanese food on the riverside near The Rice Boat with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
A few steps of the Café Rouge, there is a restaurant called Wildwood with with negative feedback from its customers.
The Cambridge Blue' is a pub that serves wines and cheeses at very high prices. It is located near Café Brazil.
Near the Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre is a French coffee shop.  It's called Browns Cambridge.  It's rated 5 out of 5 and is not family-friendly.
There is a coffee shop where you can buy Fast food in the riverside area. It is called Fitzbillies. It is kid friendly but has a low customer rating.
Strada is a Rainbow Vegetarian Café for all families  in Cambridge that welcomes all families
The Mill it is Café shop which is next to The Sorrento, their prices are low
Strada is a not family-friendly, place with cheap and English food. Customers rate it average and it is close to the Rainbow Vegetarian Café
Near Café Sicilia it's found a 5of5 class  coffee shop, is called The Punter, serves serves cheap food
Near Café Sicilia, The Punter is a high-priced coffee shop serving Fast food. It has an average customer rating, but it's child friendly.
English food served at Alimentum which is located in the city centre near Yippee Noodle Bar.
The Eagle a restaurant that is Japanese, kid friendly has a coffee shop ,with a customer rating of 3 out of 5, price range of 20 to 25 pounds in Riverside near Burger King.
Midsummer House rated 1 out of 5 by the customers, serves Italian food near the Café Rouge.
Situated in the city centre near Express by Holiday Inn is a Chinese called The Rice Boat. It isn't family friendly but serves cheap food and has a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
The Golden Curry serves Indian food. It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and is kid-friendly.
Riverside area near Café Sicilia is the, The Dumpling Tree a child friendly coffee shop. Above average prices.
Cocum, a children friendly pub, has high prices and the customer ratings are average.
The Eagle is a coffee shop offering fast food at moderate prices. Located near the riverside Burger King it has a low customer rating and does not welcome children.
A non family-friendly restaurant with less than £20 prices would be The Wrestlers. It average a low customer rating.
There is an Indian restaurant located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café called Strada. It is not kid friendly, moderate priced and received a 1 out 5 customer rating.
For children friendly French food, go to The Twenty Two.
The Golden Curry is a kids-friendly place offers fast food. It has received high ratings from customers.
Children-friendly pub, Zizzi provides Indian food, and maintains an average customer rating.
The Waterman provides Chinese food in the cheap price range. It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
The riverside Italian restaurant The Rice Boat is a family friendly restaurant conveniently located near the Express by Holiday Inn.  The restaurant is rated 5 out of 5.
Aromi is a family friendly Japanese coffee shop in Riverside with an average rating.
Browns Cambridge is a Japanese coffee shop with a low customer rating and is not family-friendly. It is at riverside and located near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
The Dumpling Tree is a restaurant with a low price range and they serve English food.
When looking for a Pub near Café Rouge, The Plough is high end and is child friendly.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop, located in the area of Riverside.  The price range for eat in The Golden Palace  is £20-£25.
The Waterman is a high-priced, and average rated and children friendly, serving Chinese food in the city center.
1 out of 5 in customer rating, Browns Cambridge has moderate prices for their food.
The Waterman is a riverside British restaurant. It is not family friendly, and has one star, but is cheap.
Low priced restaurant The Phoenix is near the river and delivers take out.
The Blue Spice coffee shop close to Avalon near the city centre offers a customer review of 5 out of 5 and a price list of more than £30 , welcomes families.
The Wrestlers offers good value for money meals for all the family, situated in the city centre close to all amenities
Next to The Six Bells is Fitzbillies restaurant.
Alimentum is a restaurant serving a high-priced English menu. It is located in the riverside area near Yippee Noodle Bar and is rated 1 out of 5 by customers.
Loch Fyne is a cheap fast food restaurant in the city.
The Taste of Cambridge is a children friendly coffee shop which serves Japanese food, and is located near the Crown Plaza Hotel by the riverside.
There is a high customer Rating family friendly pub called Aromi located at the riverside.
Yes it is children friendly. The Twenty Two is a Fast food joint.
There is pub grub at The Olive Grove pub at moderate prices located in the riverside adults only
Near Crown Plaza Hotel their is a coffee shop that is family friendly serving Italian food along the riverside named Taste of Cambridge.
Green Man is adult-only located in riverside with prices starting at £30.
Fitzbillies is a French coffee shop in Riverside with a moderate price range.  It has a low customer rating and is kid-friendly.
An expensive pub called Clowns is located in Riverside and has an average customer rating.
An affordable restaurant for adults near The Bakers is The Plough.
Fitzbillies is a restaurant with prices ranging more than £30. It is located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
The Punter, offers Chinese food, within a cheap price range.
The Eagle is an expensive Japanese coffee shop in the riverside area near Burger King that is not child friendly . It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Alimentum is a family friendly English restaurant that is near the area of riverside. Alimentum has a price range of less than  £20.
The Waterman is a kids friendly Japanese restaurant located near the Crowne Plaza Hotel.
The Wrestlers serves cheap French food in an adult environment and has received low customer ratings.
For Chinese food in the high priced range you can go to The Punter.
There is a place located near The Rice Boat in the riverside area that has a moderate price range, a low customer rating and is non kid friendly named The Twenty Two.
Near the Yippee Noodle Bar you will see along the riverside a restaurant named Alimentum. This restaurant serves Fast food at a customer rating of average.
Browns Cambridge is a low rated, family friendly, coffee shop that sells fast food near the Crown Plaza Hotel by the riverside.
Riverside has a child friendly quick service coffee shop called The Eagle. It has a average customer rating and is in the high price range. It is located near Burger King.
the Indian restaurant called The Punter has a price range of more than 20 pounds
A one star Japanese restaurant, The Golden Curry is located near the Café Rouge in the riverside area.
The Waterman Is  a restaurant location where they serve Indian food and its located in the centre of the city. It is not children friendly and their customer rating is average
Alimentum is a one star venue that offers medium prices. It can be found north of the City centre and next to the Yippee Noodle Bar.
The Rice Boat, a fast food restaurant, has been given a rating of one star.
Browns Cambridge is family friendly and serves fast food. It is riverside near The Sorrento.
The Rice Boat is a Chinese restaurant that has high customer ratings located near the Express by Holiday Inn in Riverside. It is child friendly and is more than 30 euro's.
Near Clare Hall in Riverside is a Fast food place with an above £30 price range named Bibimbap House
Wildwood is a pub having customer rating of 5 out of 5 sells French food in a price range of more than £30.
there is a good place called The Golden Curry for Italian food
The Rice Boat, near Express by Holiday Inn in riverside, is a moderately priced English restaurant catering for adults. It has a low customer rating.
The Phoenix is located by the riverside, it is in the cheap price range and has an average customer rating. It sells Indian food.
The Giraffe is a family friendly coffee shop located near The Bakers. They have a high price range and a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Located near The Six Bells is Fitzbillies, they offer high priced Japanese cuisine.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop offering Japanese food. It is not family-friendly. It is located near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre. The customer rating is low.
Browns Cambridge near The Sorrento in the riverside area is a family-Friendly restaurant that serves French food.
Fitzbillies is a high priced establishment near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
The Waterman on the riverside is a family friendly mid priced Chinese restaurant with a low customer rating.
Cocum is a Indian coffee shop in the high price range with a rating of 1 out of 5
Alimentum is a Chinese restaurant in the moderate price range with a 1 out of 5 customer rating. Located in Riverside near Yippee Noodle Bar,
The Plough pub offers English food and a moderate price range. It is not kid friendly and is located near Café Rouge.
Italian family restaurant The Twenty Two is located in the riverside area.
Giraffe is a pub that sells Chinese food. It's located in the riverside and is family friendly
Browns Cambridge is a non family-friendly coffee shop and fast food shop in the riverside area of the town near the Crowne Plaza Hotel with an average customer rating
In riverside, near The Rice Boat, there is a kid friendly, highly rated restaurant called The Twenty Two. Prices range £20-25.
Strada It is not for the whole family, rated 1 star, their prices are cheap, It is next to Rainbow Vegetarian Café
Pub and Indian food, Wildwood, has a price range of less than £20 with a low customer rating.
The restaurant Aromi, located in Riverside, serves Japanese food.
You can try The Eagle if you want fast food. Scored 1 out of 5 by previous customers.
This coffee shop is in the city centre area serves Japanese food and is names The Golden Palace. its price range is high and the customer rating is 3 out of 5.
Cotto serves Indian food  near Ranch. It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and is kid-friendly.
Clowns costs more than £30 and is located near Café Sicilia. Yes it is children friendly.
The Waterman is a French restaurant located in the city centre area.  It is not family-friendly.  Cheap price range.  Customer rating 5 out 5.
Near the Burger King in the city centre, there is a cheap, non-family-friendly Fast food and coffee shop named The Eagle.
The Waterman near Crowne Plaza Hotel is a friendly Italian restaurant
The Phoenix is providing Chinese food in the  price range. It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is average.
Alimentum serves Japanese food with prices ranging from £20-25. They are located near Yippee Noodle Bar in the city center. They have a rating of 3 out of 5.
Strada is a fast food pub near Yippee Noodle Bar with a high customer rating.
The Waterman serves Indian food for less than £20 with a low customer rating in the riverside area. It is family friendly.
Located near Yippee Noodle Bar, Alimentum is a fast food restaurant that has a low price range and has received average reviews.
Strada serves fast food at a  higher than average price. It is family friendly, and located near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
Browns Cambridge is a low priced Japanese restaurant with a three star rating in the city centre.
In the middle of the city there is a low price family friendly pub located beside Café Rouge called The Plough.
Fitzbillies is an average, inexpensive, kid friendly place near Express by Holiday Inn.
Near The Portland Arms, there is a family friendly one star coffee shop called The Cricketers.
There is a pub near the Café Brazil called The Cambridge Blue. It sells English food for £32.
Alimentum is a Japanese restaurant that is located in Riverside. The restaurant is children friendly and is in the general price range of more than £30.
Near Café Sicilia is a non family friendly, average priced restaurant named Clowns.
French food serving The Wrestlers coffee shop can be found near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre. It is not a kids friendly coffee shop. The prices are moderate.
The Cotto serves French food in the £20-25 price range. It has a coffee shop style and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.  This is within the riverside area, near The Portland Arms.
Midsummer House is close by the All Bar One. It's really cheap and very good.
Strada is a restaurant that has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Vaults is a French restaurant that is suitable for families. It has food that is considered to be in the low price range.
High-priced, but poor quality sushi is served at Wildwood pub.
Zizzi is an Italian pub that's child-friendly, but the customer rating is just average.
For French food, there is The Rice Boat in the city centre.
The Eagle, which serves French food, has a low customer rating.
Near The Portland Arms in the city centre, there is a French coffee shop named Cotto. It is in the moderate price range and has a 1 out of 5 customer rating.
In the city centre area an Italian restaurant is called Aromi.
The Golden Palace offers Japanese food with a price range fro £20-£25.  This coffee shop is located in the city center and has a rating of 3 out of 5.
If you want to try something special, join friends for an afternoon tea at Browns Cambridge, 23 Trumpington St, then follow with an optional glass of Mercie.
If you're looking for a moderately-rated, moderately-priced, kid friendly Italian restaurant, check out The Rice Boat, in the riverside area, near Express by Holiday Inn.
There is a moderately priced Indian restaurant that is kids friendly called Loch Fyne
The Olive Grove is a moderately-priced pub located near that river that is family friendly.
Midsummer House serves Italian food at a high price. It is located near All Bar One.
Browns Cambridge is high priced English food, that is average customer rated.
An inexpensive coffee shop called Wildwood is located near Ranch and serves burgers and fries.
Located on the river, The Olive Grove caters for adults in a child-free environment
Blue Spice serves fast food and is moderately priced. It is located near riverside.
Browns Cambridge, an Italian coffee show near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre, if not family-friendly and has average customer ratings.
Near Café Brazil is a pub that serves expensive Indian food, called The Cambridge Blue.
The city centre's Fast food and coffee shop Aromi is an average-rated, family-friendly food.
An expensive restaurant called Taste of Cambridge has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Rice Boat has a moderate price range, located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café it has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Located near Express by Holiday Inn is a high priced restaurant called The Rice Boat. This restaurant is child-friendly and serves English food. Customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Rated 3 out of 5, Zizzi is a French pub which is child friendly.
Alimentum is a family friendly restaurant by the riverside in the City centre with a low price range.
Midsummer House serves low priced Italian food. It is located near All Bar One and has a high rating of 5 out of 5.
Blue Spice is a cheap English food place in the city center.
If you are looking for Japanese food, Browns Cambridge has an average customer rating with food priced £20 and less.
The Waterman is a family friendly and it has a medium price range.
In the riverside area is a average  family-Friendly French coffee shop named Aromi
Near Yippee Noodle Bar, there's a fast food pub called Strada that has an average customer rating.
The non- kid friendly Japanese restaurant Green Man, is a moderate dining experience located in riverside near All Bar One.
In the city centre near Burger King, there is an Italian coffee shop called The Eagle. It is not family-friendly and has a low customer rating and a price range of less than £20.
There is a low price English food restaurant by the riverside called The Waterman, with a family ambient and a customer 5 out of 5 rating.
The Indian restaurant The Punter serves moderately priced food.
The Dumpling Tree is a restaurant serving pasta dishes.
Fitzbillies is located near The Six Bells and offers Japanese with a price range more than £30.
The Eagle located near riverside is fairly cheap. They have a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Giraffe is a moderate priced restaurant near The Six Bells
A pub known as The Mill offers food ranging from £20 or less. It serves French food and is stationed near the riverside area.
The Phoenix fast food restaurant serves meals in the high price range in the city centre. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Golden Curry is a Chinese food restaurant that gets a 5 out of 5 rating. It is located in the city centre near Café Rouge and is not family friendly.
Strada is a French food with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 is available in a pub near Yippee Noodle Bar.
Clowns is a pub at riverside has a high price range and is rated 3 out of 5
The Punter in the store also sold coffee and fast food still good value for the family. It is located next to Café Sicilia.
There is cheap, family friendly coffee shop near Burger King called The Eagle. It has a one-star rating.
There is a cheap Japanese restaurant, The Phoenix in the city centre.
Browns Cambridge is a fast food coffee shop with a customer rating 1 out of 5, but it's kids friendly.  It's in the riverside area near Crown Plaza Hotel
Cheap, customer rated 5 out of 5, coffee shop called Fitzbillies is not family-friendly place, serving French food in riverside area.
Strada is a high-end Indian dining experience located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café. It has an average rating and children are welcome diners.
Located in the riverside area near The Portland Arms the coffee shop Cotto offers a Japanese menu on the cheap with a customer rating of 5 out 5
Blue Spice serves Japanese food in the mid price range. It is located riverside.
There is a low rated  Asian pub that is open tall ages, called The Zizzi pub
Cocum is a low rated, child-friendly restaurant.
In the riverside area there is a high price range Italian restaurant named Blue Spice.
A family friendly coffee shop, Zizzi is cheap with an average customer rating in riverside.
The Cricketers is a children-friendly coffee shop that serves Japanese style cuisine. It is located near The Portland Arms but the customer ratings are low.
Wildwood is a coffee shop that is located near a Ranch. It serves Indian and its prices are less than £20. However, customer ratings are low.
The Waterman, located near the river, is a family friendly Italian restaurant. It has a low price range and has received average reviews.
There is a French place called Alimentum with French food with a rating of 3 out of 5. The price is between 20-25 pounds and can be found in riverside near Yippe Noodle Bar.
The Mill is a Pub serving fast food for less than £20 on the riverside.
There is a cheap fast food restaurant Strada located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café. It has excellent customer ratings.
A coffee shop with fast food, near Raja Indian Cuisine on the riverside is family friendly and less than 20 euros is  known as, The Wrestlers.
In the city centre there is a pub called The Mill that sells Indian food at a cheap price.
A family friendly restaurant thats serves high quality breakfast food is The Wrestlers and it has above average pricing.
Located in the city centre, The Olive Grove is a not family-friendly pub specializing in French food costing less than £20.
The Wrestlers is an adult Japanese coffee shop in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine  with price range more than  £30
The Rice Boat is rated 3 out of 5. It's a child-friendly Japanese restaurant on the river.
Clowns is a coffee shop near Clare Hall serving French food. They are in the city centre and have a rating of 5 out of 5.
Strada is a three out of five star pub that is located near Yippee Noodle Bar.
by the river up from the Express by Holiday Inn The Rice Boat a 1 star family friendly eatery.
Alimentum is children friendly. They serve Fast food. They are near the area of riverside. The prices are cheap.
The Olive Grove is a pub providing Indian food with a high price range. It's located at the Riverside and is child friendly.
The Plough is an adult venue near Café Rouge.  It offers fast pub style food with a higher price range.
Aromi is a coffee shop that serves French food near the city centre. Ratings are average, and it is not family-friendly.
Alimentum is a fast food which caters for families and is situated in the city centre.  The price for a meal is under £20.00
In the city centre near Clare Hall, Clowns is a fast food coffee shop with an average customer rating.
The Phoenix features English food in the city centre with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Located near Express by Holiday Inn is a family-friendly restaurant Fitzbillies. With a good rating they offer cheap food.
The Dumpling Tree is an Indian food restaurant with a moderate price
Fitzbillies is our new Italian venue, located near The Six Bells and with a price range of more than 30. Treat yourself to this delicious restaurant.
Clowns pub offers cheap food in the riverside area. it has been given an average rating by previous customers.
A kid friendly restaurant called The Waterman serves Japanese food. It is located near the city centre. It is moderately priced with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a fast food restaurant with a price range of £20-25 near The Six Bells.
In the riverside area is The Rice Boat serving French cuisine.
Strada is a restaurant with good reviews.
Strada is family friendly with an average customer rating for less than £20
The poorly rated coffee shop, Browns Cambridge, serves Italian food and offers a family-friendly environment. They are located in the city centre near the Crowne Plaza Hotel.
An Indian restaurant called Blue Spice is located riverside with a price range of £20-25.
The Rice Boat is rating low, a restaurant of food located in riverside
If you want to spend less than £20, there is Blue Spice in the Riverside area.
The Phoenix is an Italian restaurant located by the river. It has great reviews with a five star rating.
There's a Japanese pub named Giraffe near riverside . It's kid-friendly.
In riverside area you can find the family friendly Zizzi coffee shop. Cheap prices and average customer rating.
The 5 star coffee shop and sushi restaurant combo Browns Cambridge is also family friendly. It is beside the Crowne Plaza Hotel below the river.
The Golden Palace, located in the centre of the city, is a 3-star coffee shop.
You can find The Twenty Two, which is adults only, near The Rice Boat with a low customer rating but moderately priced.
Cocum is a low price coffee shop that serves fast food and caters to families.
Aromi is a Italian restaurant that is located in riverside.
Loch Fyne is a Japanese restaurant and is family friendly.
The Waterman is a pub in the city centre with an average customer rating that serves Chinese food.
The highly rated Cocum coffee shop serves Indian food at the higher price point. It is not child friendly.
The Dumpling Tree price range is  less than £20 its a cheap French restaurant.
In the city centre, you will find The Twenty Two restaurant.  This restaurant serves English food in an adults only atmosphere.
Cocum is a child friendly, expensive French coffee shop with low customer ratings.
Zizzi is a coffee shop located in the riverside area. it is kid friendly and moderately priced. Customers give it a 3 out of 5.
The Golden Curry provides Italian food. It has a low customer rating and is not family-friendly.
Fitzbillies around the corner near Rainbow Vegetarian Café has a pricey menu averaging £30
Kid friendly Chinese food can be found near the Express by Holiday Inn in riverside at The Rice Boat. It is rated 1 out of 5 and moderately priced.
Blue Spice has a price range of more than £30. It is by the riverside.
Midsummer House is an Indian food restaurant with an average customer rating, located near Café Rouge
Cocum is an Italian coffee shop in the middle price range.
There is a pub in riverside, Called Clowns, Its price is pretty high, and customer's give it a 1 out of 5.
A 1 out of 5 rated, moderately priced French coffee shop named Fitzbillies serves the riverside area and is not kid friendly.
For Fast food, in a child free environment,  try Zizzi, may not meet everyone's expectations
There is a medium-priced pub The Mill serving fast food located near the river.
Wildwood is a cheap coffee shop located in City Centre near Ranch.  1 out of 5 customer rating.
There is a one star restaurant called The Cambridge Blue.
Strada is a pub offering English food located near Yippee Noodle Bar. Customer stars 3 out of 5
The Waterman is a cheap restaurant located at the end of the city that is family friendly.
There is a reasonably priced pub type restaurant that serves Indian food  in Riverside, The Mill.
The City Centre has a low rated, non family friendly restaurant named Aromi.
The Waterman is a Chinese restaurant with a high price range, and a average customer rating.
A kid friendly fast food restaurant in a moderate price range with a 1 out of 5 customer rating is The Wrestlers.
The Golden Curry is situated near Café Rouge and is near the riverside. It is not family friendly and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It sells Chinese food.
The Cambridge Blue is a moderate priced fast food pub near Café Brazil.
Giraffe is a moderately priced, kid friendly coffee shop near The Bakers with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Aromi is a coffee shop that also provides delicious fast food.
The Punter serves Italian food and has a moderate price range.
Near the riverside near The Portland Arms is The Cotto coffee shop.  It serves Japanese food.  Price range of food is less than 20.  It has low customer ratings.
A low rated Italian eatery located in the city centre is The Waterman is a family-friendly, average priced eatery.
A restaurant named The Dumpling Tree serves English food with a high price range.
The Olive Grove is a pub in the more than  £30 price range. They are child friendly and serve English food there and are located near the riverside.
There is a kids friendly Indian restaurant near the Crowne Plaza Hotel named The Waterman.
An exclusive adults only Indian cuisine coffee shop called Fitzbillies. We are fairly priced and located in the city centre. We are proud of our rating of 3 out of 5.
Strada is a fast food restaurant near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café. It is in the low price bracket and not family friendly.
The Plough is a kids Friendly pub that serves Indian food, with moderate price Range, near Café Rouge.
Midsummer House serves English Food and is situated near Café Rouge
The Rice Boat is a Fast food restaurant located at the city centre near the Express by Holiday Inn. This highly rated establishment offers a children-free atmosphere and is priced more than £30.
The Golden Palace is an Indian coffee shop it is cheap and average ratings. its on the riverside.
The Rice Boat, located near Express by Holiday Inn in riverside serves fast food. Prices are in the high range while customers have rated it a 1 out of 5. The Rice Boat is not child friendly.
Alimentum is a 5-star restaurant providing English breakfast in the high price range. It is located at the north of city centre beside Yippee Noodle Bar.
A highly-rated place selling Indian food in the city centre is The Waterman. With a high customer rating, The Waterman is kids friendly and good for families, It has a price range of £20 to £25 and can be found in the city centre.
Cotto is a coffee shop that serves high price range Indian food. It is located at the riverside near The Portland Arms and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
There is a moderate priced Italian place called the Midsummer House.  It has a 3 out of 5 rating. It is near the All Bar One.
Clowns is located at city centre, near Clare Hall. It's a coffee shop with average ratings, offering French food.
The Rice Boat serves French food. It is family-friendly, has an average restaurant rating, and is located in the city centre.
The Twenty Two is a non family-friendly restaurant that serves Italian food.
The Travellers Rest Beefeater down the riverside near Café Adriatic has a high customer rating caused also by the average price range.
The Twenty Two is located near The Rice Boat on the riverside. It is child friendly, has a high customer rating, and costs more than £30.
The Dumpling Tree pub offers a child friendly place to enjoy a French style meal. Located by The Portland Arms.
Green Man is a fast food restaurant in Riverside area near All Bar One which is cheap and family friendly as well.
In the city centre there is a non children-friendly, high priced Italian restaurant named The Olive Grove.
Green Man is a pub in the Riverside area that serves French food. It is located near Café Rouge.
The Waterman's Indian food is inexpensive,  but customer provide average ratings for the restaurant located in the city centre perhaps because it is not a family friendly restaurant.
The Punter is a coffee shop. Price range is cheap with a customer rating 5 out of 5. They are not family-friendly. They serve Italian food and there located near Café Sicilia.
The Eagle provides Indian food Its customer rating is low.
This place named Alimentum sells Italian food in the riverside area with a moderate price range. It's not kids friendly.
Green Man is a family-Friendly venue on the riverside with prices less than £20.
The Waterman is  a children friendly restaurant of Indian food near to Crowne Plaza Hotel
The Phoenix is an Italian restaurant in the Riverside area. It's moderately priced and has received 3 out of 5 in customer ratings.
The Mill is a pub restaurant providing Japanese food in the moderate price range.  It is located on the riverside.
A kid friendly pub named Taste of Cambridge is located in the riverside area near The Sorrento.
Loch Fyne is a restaurant. It is located in riverside area. Not family-friendly.
The Cricketers near The Portland Arms is a coffee shop rated 1 out of 5 fast food
Loch Fyne is a family-friendly restaurant with cheap prices that serves English food.
Located near The Portland Arms, The Dumpling Tree pub is serving up Fast food and would not be considered family-friendly.
With great prices and a friendly atmosphere, The Vaults is a great family friendly place serving great Japanese food at low prices.
Midsummer House is a medium priced restaurant located in City Centre near All Bar One.  3 out of 5 customer rating.
The Golden Curry is a family friendly Chinese food place. It is located near The Bakers and has a cheap price range.
Midsummer House serves high price range Italian food. It is located near All Bar One. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
In the Riverside area with high price range and an average customer review, The Rice Boat offers fast food near Express by Holiday Inn.
In the riverside area, Bibimbap House, located near The Rice Boat, provides Fast food to its customers.
With a customer rating of 3 out of 5 this riverside coffee shop is both child friendly and good value for money, ranging from £20-£25 serving Japanese food at Fitzbillies.
The Waterman is a Japanese food restaurant located in the city centre; at a customer rating of 3 out of 5 it has a high price range and is not children friendly.
With a high price range for Chinese food, the Alimentum only has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. They are located in the city centre area, near Yippee Noodle Bar.
The Punter is a great coffee shop that has high prices ranging from £20-25. Yes, if your looking for Fast food restaurant then go to the Café Sicilia.
A restaurant called The Golden Curry serves French food at less than average prices. It is unable to accommodate children.  The Bakers is nearby.
The Strada is a pub that serves Chinese food with a rating of 1 out of 5 near Yippee Noodle Bar.
The English place The Golden Curry is a children friendly place located near The Bakers. It offers products with an above average price.
Cocum is a kids friendly Japanese coffee shop with a price range of around £20-25. It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Cambridge Blue restaurant  with a rating of one out of five stars
Yes The Twenty Two Japanese are friendly.
There is an inexpensive, family-friendly coffee shop near the river and Burger King.  It's called The Eagle and serves pasta.
Midsummer House has an average rating and serves French food. It's near Café Rouge.
The Plough, located next to Café Rouge is a family friendly pub that provides Japanese food.
The English pub The Waterman down the riverside has an average customer rating.
Browns Cambridge is a Chinese restaurant in the city centre near The Sorrento. It is family Friendly.
The average coffee shop Clowns in riverside is near Clare Hall.
The Cricketers restaurant located near All Bar One, serves English foods.
The Olive Grove pub is family friendly. The pub offers hamburgers and fries.
Cotto is in riverside near All Bar One with a price range less than £20
The Eagle is a family-friendly Japanese coffee shop in the city centre near Burger King with a cheap price range and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Located near the Express by Holiday Inn in the riverside area, The Rice Boat is a children-friendly Chinese restaurant with high customer ratings where the prices usually exceed £30.
Strada is a reasonably priced restaurant for the family
Our low customer rating shouldn't stop you from visiting The Eagle. Price range of more than  £30, located in the riverside area.
There is a  children friendly coffee shop in the city center area, near Burger King named The Eagle. They have a high customer rating with fast food ranging more the £30.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop providing tea and coffee. It is located near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre.
There is a moderate-priced restaurant Green Man located near All Bar One in the city centre that provides English food with no kids friendly.
The Dumpling Tree is a mid priced ranged restaurant.
The Eagle offers fast food, but has low customer ratings.
The Wrestlers is a low-priced restaurant in the city centre that delivers take-away.
Cotto  is a Japanese kids friendly place near Ranch rated 3 out of5.
The Plough is a pub that provides Japanese food with a high price range. It is located near Café Rouge and is children friendly.
Strada is a moderately priced Japanese restaurant located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
A coffee shop serving French food called Fitzbillies is kid friendly. It is averagely priced with a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is located in city centre.
There is a coffee shop by the name of The Wrestlers. Their price range is moderate and they serve Fast Food. They are not kid friendly and they are at the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine.
A coffee shop with a high rating is The Eagle.  They offer Indian food at higher prices.  They do not allow children and they can be found near Burger King.
Fitzbillies is a child friendly restaurant located near Express by Holiday Inn.
Located near Café Rouge, The Plough is an ideal pub for friends and family looking for Chinese food at a cheap price range.
The Rice Boat may have a low customer rating, but they are a family friendly Japanese restaurant located on the riverside.
Bibimbap House, near Clare Hall in the city centre serves French food at a moderate price
The Golden Curry is an English restaurant in Riverside near Café Rouge. It is kids friendly and customers give it a 3 out of 5 star rating.
This family friendly coffee shop offers convenient well priced food. The Cricketers is located near The Portland Arms.
The Mill is an Indian coffee shop in the city centre.  The price range is moderate and the coffee shop is located near The Sorrento.
Riverside coffee shop called Clowns near Clare Hall has Japanese food with a low customer rating.
The Phoenix which is located in the city is a Fast food restaurant with a low customer rating.
Cocum is an Italian coffee shop with high customer ratings. The price range is between £20 to £25 but they are not child friendly.
Families are not catered for at The Wrestlers, but it is cheap
Bibimbap House of Chinese food is cheap, riverside near Clare Hall.
There is a 5 out of 5 Japanese coffee shop along the riverside that is child friendly called Aromi
Variety abounds at The Golden Palace coffee shop located near the river with higher prices and a three star rating.
The Waterman is a cheap venue that provides Indian food. It has an average customer rating, is not family friendly, and is located in the city centre.
Near the Yippee Noodle Bar is a low rated Japanese pub called Strada
Giraffe coffee shop is  a cheap family friendly place to eat, near to The Bakers.
Located close to The Portland Arms, is The Punter, a cheap venue with a family friendly environment.
The Golden Curry a Japanese restaurant with three out of five customers enjoying our food and environment.
Strada restaurant has Indian food with low prices. Located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café,is family friendly with an average rating.
The Phoenix serves English food on the riverside. It has poor ratings.
Fitzbillies, a kid-friendly Japanese coffee shop, has a 3 out of 5 rating. It is located in the city centre and costs between 20-25 pounds.
Located in the city centre area and with an average customer rating, is an establishment called The Waterman, offering Italian food at a cheap price range, but is not kid friendly.
For about £20-25 you can eat at the highly rated kid friendly Japanese restaurant The Wrestlers.
There is a riverside Café near The Sorrento called The Mill. It is pricey but does have Italian food.
An averagely priced, kid-free restaurant called Strada with a very customer rating.
Cocum coffee shop serves Japanese food for less than £20 in a family friendly setting.  Cocum has an average customer rating.
Alimentum is a Chinese dining establishment offering high priced menu options. It is located in the Riverside, and is not child friendly.
The Loch Fyne is near The Rice Boat in the riverside area. The food they serve there is English. It has a low customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Vaults is an Italian restaurant.
The Dumpling Tree is a coffee shop that is located in the riverside near Café Sicilia. The price range is more than 30 and is not children-friendly.
With a customer rating of 5 out of 5 The Rice Boat is an Italian restaurant near the Express by Holiday Inn in the riverside area.  It's cheap but not family-friendly.
Browns Cambridge serves English food for less than £20, it has low customer ratings.
Cotto is a mid-priced coffee shop on the river, near to The Portland Arms
The Golden Curry is a cheap family friendly English place near The Bakers.
The Waterman is  one star, inexpensive restaurant, that is not suitable for the whole family.
The Punter is a kids friendly coffee shop that is near Café Sicilia. They serve Indian food that ranges between £20-25 and also has a high rating.
The Golden Curry is Japanese restaurant located in the city centre by Café Rouge. It has an average customer rating, and yes, it is family-friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop with high customer ratings that serves French food. The coffee shop is in riverside near the Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Aromi is a coffee shop that serves Italian food. It is located near the riverside and is not family-friendly it has an average customer rating.
In the high price range there is a coffee shop which serves French food and is children friendly. It is call Cocum and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Blue Spice provides Chinese food in the high price range. It is located in the city centre.
The expensive, adults only, Italian restaurant, The Rice Boat, is located in Riverside, near the Express by Holiday Inn and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Fitzbillies is a great coffee shop to order take out for delivery in the city centre.
The Green Man, located in Riverside, has French cuisine, and is  children friendly.  It's located near All Bar One and the price range is more than L30.
Although not very popular, Fitzbillies is children friendly and costs more than 30 pounds. It is near Express by Holiday Inn.
The Vaults is a family friendly low cost dine in restaurant.
The Rice Boat offers Chinese food. They are price ranged of more than £30 with a customer rating of high. They are children friendly and are located riverside near Express by Holiday Inn.
The Eagle is a coffee shop that sells French Food for moderate prices. It has a 1 out of 5 rating and it is kids friendly. It is located in the city centre near Burger King.
Located near Ranch, Cotto is a Japanese restaurant with an average customer rating. It is not family-friendly.
Located outside of the City center, The Phoenix is a five star sushi restaurant.
Loch Fyne is a French food restaurant situated on the riverside near The Rice Boat with customer rating 3 out of 5.
The highly rated but expensive Strada is family friendly. It serves Japanese food and can be found near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
City Centre coffee Shop The Eagle serves Indian food, not far from Burger King, adults only, customer rating 1 out of 5, price range high.
The Wrestlers is a family restaurant with low prices and delicious sushi.
The coffee shop serving Indian food on the riverside near the Crowne Plaza Hotel is the Taste of Cambridge.  It is family friendly.
The Rice Boat Indian restaurant, in City Centre, is moderately priced and kid friendly. It is located near Express by Holiday Inn.
The pub Wildwood serves expensive English food when th a high customer satisfaction.
The Clowns Pub is located by the river, its menu is moderately priced and has a good client rating - 3 out of 5.
Green Man is located in the city centre near All Bar One. It offers French food at above average prices and children are welcome.
In the city centre situated near Burger King  is a French coffee shop called The Eagle, it is family-friendly and reasonably priced at less than £20 per person, it has a low customer rating
The family friendly The Golden Curry, near The Bakers, will provide French food at reasonable, less than £20, prices.
The Twenty Two is located near The Rice Boat in riverside and is not family-friendly.
A five star restaurant for families called The Waterman is located in City centre.  It offers wines, but is low-priced and highly recommended.
There is a family friendly Japanese restaurant with a low customer rating located near a Ranch called Cotto.
In the riverside, Bibimbap House is near Clare Hall, moderate price range and English food
The Wrestlers is a children friendly Italian coffee shop in the Riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is in the high price range.
In Riverside, near Raja Indian Cuisine is a child friendly, high priced, fast food coffee ship called The Wrestlers.
For your next night out why not try The Cambridge Blue restaurant. They're low rating and French cuisine are sure to please.
Located next to Clare Hall there is a high-priced local venue called Bibimbap House.
The Golden Palace is an expensive coffee shop located in the city centre.
The Green Man pub is located near Café Rouge in the city centre and serves Indian food
At Riverside near Café Sicilia,The Dumpling Tree is a kids friendly coffee shop priced at £20-£25
The Phoenix  restaurant , with its quaint setting down by the river , serves a French fare but it only received an average customer rating.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop with fast food in Riverside that is moderately priced. It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5, and us is kid friendly.
On the riverside, The Golden Palace offers French food at a moderate price in a 1 out of 5 customer rated coffee shop
Blue Spice is a coffee shop with a  high price range . The customer rating is average but it is child-friendly.  It is located in the riverside area near Avalon.
Blue Spice at the riverside offers French food for a price range of less than £20.
For less than £20  family friendly The Punter is near The Portland Arms in riverside
Located north of the city center near Café Rouge, The Golden Curry is a five-star family restaurant.
Fitzbillies is a French food style coffee shop near the riverside, it is not catered for children, has a customer review of 5 out of 5, but has a cheap price list.
There is a coffee shop at the riverside located near Avalon which is children friendly. It is called Blue Spice and it is rated 5 out of 5. The price range is more than £30.
The Giraffe coffee shop is in the moderate price range and is near The Bakers.  It is not kid friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a family-friendly Italian coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city with a price range of less than 20 euros
The Punter is a cheap Indian coffee shop near Café Sicilia. It has average customer rating and is family friendly.
If you are looking for a mid level budget  Japanese restaurant you could try the Strada which is located near to the Rainbow Vegetarian Café
Browns Cambridge near Crowne Plaza Hotel in Riverside, is a non family-friendly  coffee shop that also serves Japanese food with a 5 out of 5 rating.
The Cambridge Blue is a pub located near Café Brazil. They offer English food in the higher price range.
The Phoenix is a restaurant near the river that serves quality food at a low price.
You can find cheap French food at The Phoenix, located at the city centre. Customers rave about it, giving it a 5 out of 5.
Mid price range coffee shop, Blue Spice is suitable for adults only. It is near the river and close to Avalon.
The Olive Grove is a no kids-friendly pub providing English food in the moderate price range. It is located in the city centre.
There is a pub of English food named Zizzi that has a high customer rating and kids friendly.
Dine on Japanese food near the riverside by Clare Hall at the Bibimbap House. This is a higher price ranged restaurant providing unsurpassed quality food.
Strada is a medium price range for highly rated Japanese food. It is family friendly and located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
The Waterman restaurant is in the city centre and serves French food for £20 or less. It has an average customer rating and is family-friendly.
Blue Spice on the riverside serves family friendly fare. Over thirty pounds per head. Average customer rating is low.
Cotto is located near All Bar One at the riverside. It has a low price range.
Name The Wrestlers in the riverside area at a price range of less than £20 it is a family friendly coffee shop near the Raja Indian Cuisine serving Japanese food
The Cambridge Blue is a pub that costs less than 20 euros.  It serves French food and is located near Café Brazil.
Midsummer House is an average rated fast food restaurant near Café Rouge.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop providing Indian food in the cheap price range. It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Green Man is family-friendly.  The price range is less than £20 and it is in the city centre.
For more than £30, you can go to Green Man in the city centre. Please note that children are not allowed in this restaurant.
Located near Café Brazil is the pub, The Cambridge Blue, which serves fast foods at affordable rates.
The Golden Curry is an Italian restaurant.  It is near Café Rouge, riverside.  It is kid friendly.  The customer rating is high.
The Phoenix is a riverside Japanese venue with average customer Rating.
The Green Man is at the riverside and it is children friendly. The price range is more than £30.
There is a coffee shop near Café Brazil within the city centre called The Vaults which has a price range of £20-25 and a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Rice Boat is an expensive sushi restaurant located beside Express by Holiday Inn.
High priced English pub food at the Wildwood has an average customer rating
If you are looking for fast food, theres is a pub called Green Man. It is situated near Café Rouge on the Riverside.
Midsummer House is a restaurant that has Indian food. The pricing is moderate and has an average rating of 3 out of 5. It is near All Bar One.
Bibimbap House is a fast food join in the city centre near The Rice Boat.
The Wrestlers is a Japanese  coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine in riverside. It is children friendly and the price range is more than £30.
The Twenty Two is a child friendly Japanese restaurant on the riverside.
Right near Rainbow Vegetarian Café on the riverside, is a pub called The Golden Palace. It dines customers for less than 20 pounds per head.
Clowns is a city centre pub with a lower than average price range. This pub has a low customer rating.
Browns Cambridge is an average rated, family- friendly coffee shop near the Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is located in the riverside area and serves Japanese food.
The Eagle can be located by the river higher price range but poor customer rating
The Golden Palace is a low rated restaurant that is located on the riverside.
The Rice Boat is a kid friendly fast food restaurant serving decent food in the riverside area.
If you want to eat at a restaurant with a low customer rating then Strada is the place to go
A recommended place close to the city river is The Phoenix.
The moderately-priced pub The Olive Grove is in a riverside location, offering Japanese food. This is a non-child friendly restaurant.
The Eagle is a family-friendly coffee shop near the Burger King in the city center.  It has a low customer rating and a price range of more than £30.
A high priced, average, non-family-friendly, French coffee shop is Cocum.
Strada is rated 3 out of 5 with a price range £20-25 and kids friendly place to eat.
Clowns is an expensive pub with an average customer rating in Riverside.
A restaurant that serves breakfast is The Dumpling Tree.
The Aromi, a coffee shop in Riverside serves Japanese, has an average customer rating, and is family friendly.
There is a Chinese restaurant in riverside that offers average priced food at a restaurant called Blue Spice.
There is a high priced restaurant The Dumpling Tree.
Alimentum is an Indian food store which has a cheap price range, it is located in the riverside near Yippee Noodle Bar.
Bibimbap House serves French food. Has a price range of less then 20. Serves in the city centre near Clare Hall.
The Rice Boat is a non-kid friendly place serving high rated, moderate priced Chinese food. It is located in the city centre near Express by Holiday Inn.
The Punter is a family coffee shop with Italian food its near to Café Sicilia with high prices and average rating
Near All Bar One is Green Man serving Indian food in city centre area.
Aromi is a pub located in city centre.  Average customer rating.  Not family friendly.
The Golden Palace holds a rating of 3 out of 5. The restaurant is located in the riverside area.
The Punter coffee shop is very cheap and located across from the Café Sicilia in the centre of the city.
Customers rate The Eagle highly.  It is a riverside venue and averagely priced.
Browns Cambridge provides Chinese food in the high price range. Its customer rating is average.
The Plough, located near Café Rouge is a pub providing Japanese food at a price range of 20-25 Euros. It is also kid friendly.
Near the riverside area, The Rice Boat sells Japanese food.
Strada is a pub near the Yippee Noodle Bar offering Italian food and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
There is a cheap restaurant The Rice Boat that provides cheap meals near the Express by Holiday Inn.
Midsummer House is a one-star pasta restaurant located near Café Rouge.
Try The Twenty Two Fast food children-friendly restaurant in the riverside area.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly Sushi restaurant providing full meals in the low price range.
Cheap fast food is what you can expect at The Dumpling Tree.
The Cambridge Blue offers English style fare and drink at a moderate price. It is located near Café Brazil.
Near Café Sicilia is a low priced family coffee shop  restaurant called The Punter.
Family friendly The Vaults is city centre based, it serves beluga at cheap prices.
The Eagle is in city centre near Burger King. it serves Indian food. It also is a coffee shop. It is kid friendly.
There is an average coffee shop The Punter located near Café Sicilia that provides cheap fast food. It is not family-friendly.
The Waterman, a highly rated Fast food restaurant at Riverside, is both cheap and child friendly.
Fast food is available moderately priced at Blue Spice in the city centre.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop providing Indian food in the moderate price range. It is located in the riverside. It is near Raja Indian Cuisine.
Cotto  provides sit down sushi. Cotto  is family friendly.  It is located near the Ranch. It does not have good reviews.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop serving French food costing over £30 in the Riverside area. It does not cater for children.
Blue Spice is a kid friendly coffee shop with an average price range and a high customer rating. It is located near Avalon in the city centre.
Situated in the riverside area, near The Sorrento, The Mill is a coffee shop that serves Indian food with prices exceeding £30.
A restaurant selling English food has a high customer rating. It is The Cambridge Blue.
with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and serving Japanese cuisine, is The Eagle
Alimentum sells moderately priced Fast food in the riverside area near Yippee Noodle Bar. Customers have given is a rating of 1 out of 5.
The Waterman is a family-friendly fast food restaurant located in town centre, rated 3 with moderate prices.
The Dumpling Tree is a restaurant that is priced at more than £30 that sells Indian food.
There is an Indian restaurant called the Green Man in the City Centre, it is near All Bar One, it does not allow children the price of a meal is approximately £25.
The Vaults is a mid-priced coffee shop located in City Centre along the river near Café Brazil.
Wildwood Pub, is where people go to drink cheap wine.
Located in the Riverside area, near Café Rouge. Is a Japanese food restaurant called, The Golden Curry.  Which isn't family-friendly, But holds a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Punter is a child friendly, moderately priced coffee shop selling Fast food, with a customer Rating of 3 out of 5. It is near the Café Sicilia.
The Waterman, an English food restaurant, is located in city centre. The price range is less than £20, the customer ratings are low and it is not family-friendly.
Taste of Cambridge is an adult only coffee shop located near Crowne Plaza Hotel and north of City centre.
Browns Cambridge near to The Sorrento in Riverside it is a Chinese restaurant. Good prices, children are allowed.
The Waterman is a cheap family-friendly fast food restaurant. It is located in city centre and has a very good customer rating.
There is a pub called  the Giraffe on the riverside.  It serves wonderful Japanese and yes, you can take your kids.
Alimentum, near Yippee Noodle Bar in city centre, serve French food, have a 5 out of 5 customer rating, and have  a price range of more than £30.
There is a children friendly pub near The Portland Arms that has Fast food The Dumpling Tree.
The Twenty Two is a French food establishment. It is family friendly and located on the riverside.
The Fast food restaurant Aromi is near the riverside.
A cheap Indian coffee shop with a 5 of 5 rating named The Golden Palace is located in the riverside area.
Wildwood is a mid price range coffee shop with a 3 star rating. Near to the Ranch.
In the city centre near Burger King there is a coffee shop serving Indian food. It is not child friendly and is called The Eagle and has a high price range with an average customer rating of 1 out of 5.
For family Friendly, The Plough serves French food for less than £20. Can be found near Café Rouge
The kids-friendly pub Zizzi serves English food and is rated 3 out of 5
There is a French restaurant located in city centre called The Waterman. It has a 5 out of 5 rating.
There is a cheap restaurant The Phoenix located outside of the centre of the city.
Chinese restaurant The Waterman is child friendly but has a high price range, low customer rating, and is located in Riverside.
Near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café, there is a high priced, five star restaurant names Strada. They are family-friendly.
Fitzbillies offers cheap Italian food, and is located near The Six Bells.
The Fitzbillies is a non-children friendly  Japanese coffee shop in the city centre  with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and has a price range of more than £30.
Located near Burger King in the city centre, you can find an Indian coffee shop called The Eagle. Though its prices exceed £30, it has a high rating.
With prices ranging £20-25, The Wrestlers coffee shop can be found near Raja Indian Cuisine. The Wrestlers is kid-friendly and serves Japanese fare.
The Rice Boat is a French restaurant located in the city centre.
Burgers and fries can be found at The Cricketers coffee shop, located near The Portland Arms. Families can enjoy the 3 star atmosphere.
The Cotto is a children friendly restaurant near the Ranch.
The Olive Grove is a Pub on the riverside. It not child friendly and the price range is more than £30
The Phoenix has 5 out 5 customer rating in the area of riverside, serving Indian food.
Strada is a family friendly restaurant next to Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
The All Bar One is next to the Green Man in the centre of the city.
Cotto is a 3 star establishment with high quality food for our adult guests, a place to relax, situated close to The Portland Arms.
There is the Zizzi restaurant located in riverside which is in the lower price range.
Fast food from  children friendly  Strada near Rainbow Vegetarian Café  has an average customer Rating  with a high price range.
Located near Crowne Plaza Hotel, The Waterman is a non family-friendly fast food restaurant.
You can expect great American food from the Bibimbap House restaurant. Although, the prices are high, the food is of the best quality. You get what you pay for at this restaurant. You can find Bibimbap House across the river from Clare Hall.
Green Man is a cheap, family-friendly fast food restaurant near All Bar One in the city centre.
The Phoenix is a restaurant providing medium priced meals. Located near the River.
The Punter is a Japanese coffee shop, more than £30, with a low customer rating.  It is near Café Sicilia and is not children friendly.
The city centre is home to a moderately priced Indian restaurant called Blue Spice.
The Waterman is a great place with English food and moderate prices, not good for family but has a rating 3 out of 5
Zizzi get great customer reviews. It's a moderately priced coffee shop in the riverside area. Children welcomed.
Strada is a Indian pub near the Yippee Noodle Bar. Customer rated 3 out of 5.
There is a cheap coffee shop Fitzbillies providing fast food in riverside. It is not family-friendly and has an average customer rating.
The Waterman restaurant offers quality Italian food and is located right off the river outside of City centre. You can bring the whole family to this restaurant for great Italian cuisine.
The Eagle is a three star restaurant that primarily caters to wine pairings.
there is a moderate price Fast food named Alimentum  Located in city center near Yippee Noodle Bar with a high customer rating
Bibimbap House is an Italian restaurant located close to Clare Hall in the riverside area with a modest £20-25 price tag.
In the City Centre near Yippee Noodle Bar, you will find a five star, high priced restaurant called Alimentum.
The Mill is a mid-priced pub located by the river serving fast food.
Strada, an average priced Chinese restaurant  with high customer ratings, is located near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café and kid-friendly.
In the center of the city is located a French food public restaurant rating 5 out of 5 called The Waterman
In riverside, non-child-friendly Indian food is found at high priced Fitzbillies, a coffee shop.
Midsummer House serves Italian food and has a high customer rating, it is located near Café Rouge.
In the riverside area, Fitzbillies is a Fast food coffee shop that yes, is kids friendly, and has a high customer rating with prices ranging from £20-25.
The Dumpling Tree offers Fast food for a price of more then £30 in the restaurant setting.
Clowns family is cheap at Café Sicilia.
Browns Cambridge is a cheap Bar with 5 out of 5 star rating.
With a price Range more than £30, Japanese food has a customer Rating of 5 out of 5, Alimentum,Is near Yippee Noodle Bar, in the riverside area.
The Punter is an Italian restaurant where you can eat for about £20-25.
Near Ranch, Cotto serves English food.  Has a high customer rating and is kid friendly.
Strada is a pub that serves English food. Other customers give it an average rating. It's located near Yippee Noodle Bar.
The Phoenix is a Sushi restaurant that provides cheap food at a good quality.
The Twenty Two offers Japanese food in a family-friendly environment.
Aromi is a highly rated coffee shop near the riverside that serves Italian food and has a child-friendly atmosphere.
This restaurant is located in the Riverside area near Express by Holiday Inn, The Rice Boat serves English food with a price range of less than 20 pounds.  It is a family friendly place with a low customer rating.
When in the center of the city you must try The Wrestlers with your family. It is a coffee shop that serves Italian food at a fair price. It's located near Raja Indian Cuisine.
Near Rainbow Vegetarian Café is Strada. It has a high customer rating but it's not kid friendly, and it has averaged priced Japanese food.
Browns Cambridge, offers fine food at fine prices and good service to boot.
Aromi is a Japanese restaurant in the city centre.
A restaurant named Travellers Rest Beefeater is kid friendly and has a price range of 20 to 25 pounds.
The Cambridge Blue pub near Café Brazil offers French food in the more than £30 price range.
The Cambridge Blue, located near the Café Brazil, is a low price pub that serves breakfast.
Near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area is Browns Cambridge. A great coffee shop that is kid friendly. They serve French food.
The Plough pub serves Indian food.  It is kid friendly, moderately priced and  near Café Rouge.
The Waterman is child friendly near the Crowne Plaza Hotel and serves English food.
There is an average price restaurant The Phoenix. It is an excellent restaurant.
By the riverside, cheap family friendly, Green Man.
The Waterman is a Chinese restaurant with a High price range a 1 out of 5 customer rating located in the city centre and is children friendly
The Wrestlers offers average priced English food bring the family to a place with satisfied client ratings.
A moderately priced, kid friendly place that serves English food is Alimentum. It is in the riverside area.
A new pub named Clowns, situated on the riverside has a very affordable price range of less than 20£ with an average customer rating.
The Mill is a pricey Indiana pub located in the city centre.
There is a kid friendly pub near The Portland Arms called The Dumpling Tree that offers French cuisine.
Travellers Rest Beefeater in moderate price range and customer rating 1 out of 5 near Café Adriatic. It is located in riverside.
The Waterman in the riverside area is a pub that serves English food and has a customer Rating of 3 out of 5.
The Mill is a Japanese pub in the city centre with a moderate price range.
Cheap, family friendly Fast food can be found near The Bakers at The Golden Curry
The Cambridge Blue is a Italian pub, located near Café Brazil and is priced over L30
Located in Riverside near The Sorrento, The Mill is an Indian coffee shop that serves moderately priced food.
If you want to go to a cheap pub with Italian food, I'd recommend The Plough. It's by Café Rouge and it's family friendly too.
There is a French food pub near Yippee Noodle Bar called Strada. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Zizzi, an Indian food serving pub, is not family friendly and has a low customer rating.
The Wrestlers is a decently priced coffee shop and Japanese food establishment you can take your kids to in riverside. It is close to Raja Indian Cuisine.
For fast food The Olive Grove public house is moderately priced and family-friendly in the city centre.
The Waterman is a five star, moderately-priced family restaurant.
The Twenty Two is an Indian restaurant in city centre that is family friendly.
Customers rate Wildwood, a Chinese pub, as low and it is in the low price range.
Alimentum in Riverside offers your favorite Japanese cuisine at a moderate price.
The Golden Palace is an average coffee shop providing Italian food at a high price range. It is located in the riverside area.
Near Yippee Noodle Bar, is a place called Strada, a fast food, pub, with a customer rating 5 out of 5.
Family restaurant Green Man offers a variety of foods and wine at a moderate price and right down from All Bar One
The Olive Grove is a pub restaurant with moderate prices, located by the river.
Strada is a restaurant American food in the high price range. It is located in the city centre
For Chinese food for a moderate price, The Rice Boat is a child friendly restaurant located in the city center near Express by Holiday Inn, with an average rating of one out of five stars.
The Cricketers is a coffee shop with a 5 star rating. It is family friendly and located near The Portland Arms.
The Waterman is a kids Friendly Chinese food restaurant,  in the city centre,  with high price Range and average customer Ratings.
The Golden Curry is an Indian restaurant with high customer rating in riverside area of Café Rouge and is family friendly.
Midsummer House is located near All Bar One, they serve French food with a moderate price range and have a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Located near Avalon, a coffee shop named Blue Spice is three star rated, family friendly with decent prices.
There is a coffee shop in the city centre with average customer ratings called Browns Cambridge. Located near the Crowne Plaza Hotel, it is a family-friendly place serving Italian food.
The Green Man is a moderately priced English food restaurant which caters to families visiting and living in the city centre near All Bar One.
There is a family friendly English restaurant in riverside with a price range under £20 called Alimentum.
Taste of Cambridge is a kid friendly coffee shop serving French food near Crown Plaza Hotel in the riverside area.
The Rice Boat is a kids friendly Indian food restaurant,  that has low customer rating, in riverside.
Browns Cambridge is high priced, three star serving fast food.
Customer rated 1 out of 5, the Indian coffee shop, The Punter, offers moderately prices and kid friendly services.  Located near Café Sicilia.
Wildwood is a coffee shop serving inexpensive food. Close to Ranch.
The Rice Boat provides Chinese food It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is high.
Riverside pub The Olive Grove offers moderately priced kid friendly fare.
With a moderate price range and a 3 out of 5 customer rating, The Wrestlers is a wonderful kid friendly Italian restaurant choice.
The Rice Boat serves English food for you and your children to enjoy by the Riverside, they have a 1 out of 5 rating.
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly Indian coffee shop with an average rating along the riverside near the Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Alimentum is a mid-range restaurant located outside the city centre.
Green Man is a family friendly Japanese food restaurant located in the riverside near All Bar One. Green Man has food priced at less than  £20.
With a high price range and an average customer rating, Taste of Cambridge is  new restaurant.
The Golden Curry is near Café Rouge with will serve you with some lovely Italian food with in the city center with a rating of 5 out of 5 stars. no children please.
The Twenty Two is a sushi restaurant that does not allow families with small children.
The Cambridge Blue is an English Pub near Café Brazil and it's cheap.
Clowns, the Italian restaurant in Riverside near Clare Hall is a superb coffee shop with raving reviews from customers.
The Cricketers is a family friendly pub that has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 near Ranch
The Punter is a high-end coffee shop for adults only.  Located near the Café Sicilia, this highly rated coffee shop serves English food at an above average price of more than  £30.
Fitzbillies is a one-starred, expensive family center. located close to the Express by Holiday Inn.
Fitzbillies is not a family-friendly coffee shop located in the city centre. It has a low customer rating, but serves Italian food for less than £20.
The Phoenix is a moderately priced fast food restaurant in the city centre area.
Children friendly places are indeed, yes, can cast you more than £30 at a place in riverside named The Rice Boat. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 stars and they sell French food near the Express by Holiday Inn.
Blue Spice is an expensive family-friendly restaurant in the city centre and it has a customer rating of one out of five.
There is a moderately priced Italian restaurant called The Wrestlers that is family friendly.
The Eagle has a customer rating of average and serves French food
Aromi a Japanese coffee shop in the riverside area that is children friendly with high customer rating
Browns Cambridge is a kid-friendly coffee shop serving fast food. It is highly-rated by customers, and is located in the riverside area close to the Crowne Plaza Hotel.
The English pub, The Mill, offers low prices and is located in the city centre.
There is a low-priced and family-friendly coffee shop on the riverside that serves Japanese food.  It is called The Wrestlers and is located near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Twenty Two which is in the city centre near The Rice Boat is a cheap restaurant, it isn't family-friendly and has a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
For a cheap Indian coffee shop check out the average  family friendly The Eagle, located in the riverside area near Burger King.
The Golden Curry by the riverside, near Café Rouge, serves up French cuisine.  It has a low customer rating; however, yes it is child friendly.
If you are in the mood for French cuisine, give The Vaults a try.
Bibimbap House having Indian food in less than £20, is in city centre near Clare Hall.
The Golden Palace is an Italian coffee shop located in riverside with a low customer rating and a price range that is less than  £20.
Cotto, located The Portland Arms,  is a £20-25 coffee shop Fast food by the riverside is high rated.
In the city centre, there is a moderate priced Chinese pub named The Olive Grove, and it is not kids friendly.
Strada is a children-friendly Japanese food available near Rainbow Vegetarian Café but has low customer rating and price range of more than £30.
The Punter is in the riverside area. It is near The Portland Arms. It has a price range of more than £30. It is not children friendly.
The Punter is a family-friendly French restaurant and coffee shop in the cheap price range near Café Sicilia with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Olive Grove is a pub located in the area of riverside serving Japanese food with a price range of less than £20. It is not family-friendly.
The Golden Curry is a family friendly restaurant located near Café Rouge in the city centre that serves low quality food.
With a rating of 1 out of 5, Strada is a French pub situated near Yippee Noodle Bar.
Wildwood is a low-priced pub located in the city centre.
An Indian restaurant named The Golden Curry has a low customer rating and is not family friendly, this restaurant is located near Café Rouge in the riverside area.
The Taste of Cambridge is a low customer rated restaurant in the price range of £30 or more.
Near the riverside, is a place that serves Italian food. It is near the Crowne Plaza Hotel. It has a high rating. There is also a coffee shop called Browns Cambridge. Yes, it is kid friendly.
An Italian place called Midsummer House is rated 5 out of 5 by customers and is located near Café Rouge
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop serving Indian food in the riverside area near to the Crowne Plaza Hotel.  It's kids friendly but has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Golden Curry is an Italian restaurant with no family-friendly ambiance with a customer rating 5 out of 5.
Moderately priced food can be obtained from the Travellers Rest Beefeater. It has customer ratings which are average and is located near Café Adriatic in the city centre.
At The Punter you will find moderately priced Chinese food.
Not child friendly.  At a Price Range of more than £30, is a 5 out of 5 rated space named The Waterman, with Japanese Food located at City Centre.
The Cambridge Blue is a pub serving Fast food that costs 20 to 25 pounds and is located near Café Brazil.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop by the riverside. It's rated 5 out of 5 by customers, its food is cheap, plus it's family friendly. It serves fast food.
Browns Cambridge is an Italian riverside child friendly place, which is located near The Sorrento.
The Aromi coffee shop is a one star, family free restaurant located by the river.
The highly rated, child friendly coffee shop Fitzbillies is located in the city centre. It serves fast food and will cost more than £30.
The Punter is an Italian restaurant that offers food at a moderate price.
This coffee shops' menu items are in the price range of more than £30 but boasts a high customer rating.  Called The Golden Palace, you can get fast food right in the city centre area.
Browns Cambridge is a kid friendly French coffee shop located in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel with a high customer rating.
There is a high rated restaurant near the riverside. It's called The Phoenix and they serve Japanese food.
Fitzbillies is an Italian coffee shop that has high customer ratings, a price range of £20-25 and is kid friendly, located in the city centre
The place near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café is The Rice Boat and it costs around £20-25. I heard customers gave it a high rating.
The Waterman is a not a family-friendly Fast food located in riverside. It is a cheap restaurant and has average customer rating.
Giraffe pub Indian food set along the riverside is family friendly.
The Cambridge Blue is a moderately priced pub near the Café Brazil.
A coffee shop serving Italian food, The Mill is moderately priced and can be found in riverside near The Sorrento.
The Eagle is a riverside French coffee shop with an average price range of 20-25 pounds. It is near Burger King, is kid friendly, and has a 3 customer rating.
The Twenty Two is child friendly restaurant serving Chinese food.
Near the city centre and Burger King  is the coffee shop The Eagle, which serves Italian food, is child friendly, has an average customer rating and has a high price range.
There is an inexpensive pub called The Plough located near the Café Rouge. It is family friendly and serves Indian food.
The Phoenix is located on the riverside and offers Indian food. Has a low customer rating.
close to The Rice Boat although cater for no children is The Twenty Two, its cheap, nearby the riverside has a customer review of 5 out of 5.
The Punter is a Fast food place with a price of more than £30
Along the river there is a English restaurant called Alimentum that is kid friendly but expensive.
Alimentum is a low priced restaurant located by the river, but they are not kid friendly.
The Golden Curry is an adult restaurant serving French food.  It is located near The Bakers and moderately priced.
In the city center an average, family-friendly coffee shop called Zizzi is less than  £20.
The low priced restaurant called Midsummer House is located near All Bar One.
Blue Spice is a coffee shop with a good customer rating and affordable prices . It's located in a riverside area near Avalon a good place to relax with your family plus  it's a kid friendly shop.
A kid-Friendly pub, The Olive Grove is located along the riverside and serves French food for a moderate price.
Cocum is a low ranked pub that does not allow families.
Giraffe is a coffee shop near The Bakers. It's kids friendly, with moderate prices and a 3 out of 5 rating
Cocum is a 3-star friendly-friendly coffee shop serving reasonably-priced Italian cuisine.
Zizzi  is a pub serving  Italian food and is  kids friendly  and as a customer rating of  3 out 5
Wildwood is a coffee shop the serves Indian food near Ranch. They have a high customer rating and are £20-25.
Loch Fyne is an English restaurant which is child friendly.
Looking for an Indian restaurant in the riverside area and is family friendly, then The Twenty Two is for you.
The Mill is a pub type  restaurant that serves Indian food. The price ranges is mid priced and is located in Riverside area.
Browns Cambridge serves high priced Chinese food. Unfortunately, it is not highly rated with customers.
Blue Spice a cheap fast food restaurant located near the riverside.
Wildwood is located near Ranch.  It's a coffee shop serving Italian food.  While it's in the high price range it has an average customer rating.
The Olive Grove is an Indian pub in the low price range. It is not family friendly.
An Indian restaurant that is high priced and not a place to bring children is Loch Fyne.
The Eagle is a 3 star rating restaurant in Riverside which is highly priced.
Browns Cambridge is a Japanese restaurant in the city centre near The Sorrento, it is not family-friendly.
The Rice Boat is a family friendly riverside eatery.
With a price range between £20-25, The Dumpling Tree is a restaurant serving Chinese food.
The Golden Curry is a child friendly, Japanese restaurant, with a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
There is a cheap coffee shop The Punter located near Café Sicilia that provides fast food.
Loch Fyne is a Chinese restaurant, with a 5 out of 5 customer rating, and is located in the city centre, near The Rice Boat.
Bibimbap House is serving English food at high prices in the riverside area near Clare Hall
There is a cheap pub that provides fast food called The Olive Grove.
The Wrestlers is a restaurant providing Italian food less than £20 price range.
Strada is a pub near Yippee Noodle Bar. It serves Fast food and has a high customer rating.
Cocum is a cheap coffee shop that offers a family friendly environment, Italian food and has an average customer rating.
Cotto is a Fast food joint near Ranch. It's child friendly with an average customer rating.
Close to Café Adriatic, The Vaults is a high priced pub with an average customer rating
Also at the riverside close to Clare Hall operate Bibimbap House French food restaurant with average prices £20-25.
Near the Express by Holiday Inn in the city centre is a kid friendly place called The Rice Boat which has Japanese food at a moderate price range and a 1 out of 5 customer rating.
Loch Fyne is providing Indian food in the  price range. It is located in the riverside. It is near The Rice Boat. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Loch Fyne restaurant serves moderately priced Chinese food. The restaurant is kids friendly.
Giraffe is a restaurant with a high price range located near The Six Bells.
With a 3 out of 5 rating, Travellers Rest Beefeater is moderately priced. It is located near Café Adriatic in the riverside.
The Golden Palace is a high-priced coffee shop located in Riverside. Customers Rate the establishment as average and it offers fast-food.
The Cricketers is a coffee shop serving Indian food. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 and is family friendly. It is near The Portland Arms.
Taste of Cambridge, a French coffee shop, which is child-friendly, is located near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area.
The Golden Palace, a French, riverside, coffee shop, is a pricey restaurant with low ratings.
Near The Portland Arms is an averaged priced, 1 star coffee shop called Cotto.
Strada near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café has a moderate customer rating of 3 out of 5.  English food and child friendly.
A coffee shop with Japanese food is Taste of Cambridge and is next to Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Midsummer House is near the All Bar One with cheap prices serving Italian food. It has high customer ratings.
The Eagle has an average customer rating. It is by the riverside and the price is cheap.
There is a cheap restaurant The Olive Grove that is family-oriented.
The Eagle is a fast food coffee shop in the riverside area near Burger King.
Alimentum is a high-priced English restaurant located in the city centre. It is not child-friendly.
The Cambridge Blue is a French restaurant that has been given a one star rating.
The Eagle is a coffee shop that provides Indian food with high price ranges. They have an average customer rating in located near Burger King in riverside. The Eagle is child friendly.
The Plough is a cheap pub that is not family-friendly.  It is located near Café Rouge.
Near The Bakers there is a coffee shop called The Giraffe. It is not children friendly and costs more than £30. It has a low customer rating.
Wildwood is a cheap, one star Italian pub, located south of the city centre.
Bibimbap House is a fast food restaurant at a low price point located near Clare Hall.
The Vaults is a pub with menu items more than £30 and a customer rating of 5 out of 5. The Vaults is located near Café Adriatic.
The Waterman is located by the river. It serves food from a high price range to families.
There is a mid priced restaurant located at the edge of the city beside the river. The Phoenix offers sushi take-away.
Loch Fyne has a variety of reasonable cheap prices.
Fitzbillies is a cheap priced Chinese restaurant located near The Six Bells.
The coffee shop, Cotto, is located in the city centre near The Portland Arms.  It serves average-priced Japanese food.  Customers give this coffee shop 5 out of 5 stars.
Strada is a non-family-friendly restaurant with low customer ratings, and a low price range.
The Rice Boat is a cheap, family friendly restaurant in the riverside area near to the Express by Holiday Inn. It is rated 5 out of 5 by other customers and serves Japanese food.
There is a fine dining restaurant that also serves wine called Browns Cambridge.
A customer rating of 5 out of 5 with a none family-friendly environment is coffee shop also a Fast food place near Café Sicilia called The Punter. Price ranging cheap.
An average, cheap, Italian coffee shop, near Burger King in the city center, is called The Eagle.  They are not family-friendly.
The Twenty Two restaurant is located in the area of riverside. This restaurant offers Japanese food. The restaurant itself is family friendly.
Alimentum is a French restaurant located at the centre of the city. The prices range less than £20. Not family-friendly.
There is a expensive fast food pub near Café Rouge that is child friendly.  It is called The Plough.
Rated low by customers, The Eagle serves French food.
Located near the river side, a Japanese place named Alimentum with decent prices is not family friendly.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that  sells Japanese food in the riverside area. Its food is cheap and customer rating is average. It is not family-friendly.
There is a child friendly coffee shop near The Bakers called Giraffe. Prices are typically around £30 and customer ratings are low.
The Phoenix, rated 1 out of 5, serves Italian food at a high price. It is located in the riverside.
The Waterman served English food and is rated average, but is by the riverside. The pricing is high and they are not child friendly.
Located in the city centre, The Olive Grove is a non-family-friendly pub with a price range of less than £20.
The Waterman on the riverside serves cheap French food. It is a family friendly place with a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
Cotto, located north of the city centre near The Portland Arms, is a mid-priced coffee shop.
down the road from Express by Holiday Inn is The Rice Boat. It also has 5-stars and is family friendly.
The Twenty Two is located in city centre offering Italian food. It is unfortunately not family-friendly.
The Eagle is a coffee shop that has a moderate price range and Japanese food with low ratings near Burger King in city centre with a moderate price range.
An averagely rated Italian food restaurant is The Cambridge Blue.
The Eagle has Indian food with a high customer rating.
In the riverside area is a family friendly Indian coffee shop called Fitzbillies, its cheap and highly recommended.
Green Man is a cheap Italian family friendly restaurant located near All Bar One and the riverside.
The Wildwood is a pub serving Indian food. Average price is greater than  £30; highly rated by customers.
Loch Fyne is a restaurant, providing Italian food, located near The Rice Boat in riverside,  with a average Customer rating.
there is a Japanese restaurant with a low customer rating called The Cambridge Blue
The Dumpling Tree is a low-priced restaurant that serves Chinese food.
The Olive Grove is an adult Chinese pub in riverside that offers food for a low price.
Browns Cambridge is coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city center that offers fast food, is not family-friendly and has a low customer rating.
The Cambridge Blue is a British style restaurant. They are ranked 5 star.
Bibimbap House located in the city center near The Rice Boat serves French food.
Taste of Cambridge is a 1 star restaurant with moderate prices.
Near to The Rice Boat on the riverside is The Twenty Two, which is child friendly, is in the high price range and has a customer rating of average.
Alimentum is a family friendly English restaurant that is near the area of riverside. Alimentum has a price range of less than  £20.
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly Japanese food place in Riverside near The Sorrento
Giraffe is a Japanese family friendly pub in Riverside.
for a pub that is not child friendly in the city centre that does Fast food then there is The Olive Grove which is in the moderate price range
The Waterman is a kids friendly rating 3 out of 5 Italian restaurant.
The Rice Boat is a highly recommended and kids-friendly Japanese restaurant located in the centre of the city near Express by Holiday Inn. Their prices range among £20-25.
The Golden Palace is a cheap coffee shop located in the city centre. You can also have Indian food, customer rated average.
Near Café Brazil there is a fast food pub named The Cambridge Blue that has a price range of more than  £30.
'Cocum' is an expensive Italian coffee shop whose target audience is mainly for adult, most customers give them a 1 out of 5 on ratings.
The Punter coffee shop is a low priced and family friendly shop, the Café Sicilia,  serves pasta entries.
3 star American cuisine at Loch Fyne. Near The Rice Boat.
English cuisine served at The Punter for a moderate price.
Green Man is a child friendly restaurant in the riverside area with prices less than £20.
The Dumpling Tree restaurant is located near the city center. and serves wine, cheese, and fruit.
The Eagle is a family friendly coffee shop, with a low prices, they serve fast food, it is located by the riverside near a Burger King. It has a low customer rating.
Strada is a French restaurant, that is not kid friendly, located in the city centre, near Rainbow Vegetarian Café. All prices are between £20-25. It has a 3 out of 5 star rating.
Blue Spice, a city centre area fast food restaurant, has a moderate price range.
Alimentum located in the city centre near Yippee Noodle Bar provides French food with a price range of more than  £30. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Twenty Two is located in the riverside area that offers fast food and is not family-friendly.
There is a high-priced coffee shop named Cotto which also serves Fast food. It is located near The Portland Arms.
The Eagle has prices under £20. It is in the riverside area and has low customer ratings.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop in riverside that has a 3 out of 5 customer rating. It serves Japanese food between £20 - £25.
The Vaults is a kid friendly fast food joint with a price range of £20-25.
Near The Portland Arms is a family-friendly coffee shop that serves French food. The Cricketers has an average customer rating.
Low rated Alimentum near Japanese Yippee Noodle Bar can be found in the riverside area and has a moderate price range.
The Wrestlers is a high price range Italian coffee shop in the Riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is children friendly.
The Rice Boat is a restaurant in the centre of the city which serves Japanese food.
Located in the city centre, The Twenty Two is family friendly and serves British food.
The Golden Palace coffee shop in Riverside serves Indian fare and has moderate pricing with a 1 out of 5 customer rating.
The 5 out of 5 rated The Phoenix serves Italian food. It can be found in the city centre.
A coffee shop that is not kid friendly is located in the riverside area near Burger King. It is named The Eagle,has French food and a moderate price range and a high customer rating.
The Wrestlers is in the  £30 and higher price range. It is a Japanese restaurant that is child friendly.
The Vaults is a coffee Shop in the Riverside area located near Café Brazil.  It has a moderate price range and a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Dumpling Tree restaurant serves English food at a high price range.
Close to Rainbow Vegetarian Café Fitzbillies are cheap
There is a Japanese coffee shop called Fitzbillies that is located in the city centre. It is family-friendly, has a low price range, and a high customer rating.
The Golden Curry is a cheap Japanese food place near The Bakers and is not family-friendly .
In the city centre it's found a average restaurant, is called The Waterman, serves cheap food for all
Aromi is a kids friendly pub, located by riverside.
The Eagle serves Japanese food, and it has a low customer rating.
The Mill coffee shop serves Indian food at a moderate price. The Mill is in the city centre near The Sorrento.
A Chinese food restaurant with a price range of £20-25 is called The Punter.
If you're in the riverside area with your children and are looking for highly rated Chinese food, The Rice Boat is a great option. It is near Express by Holiday Inn and can expect to spend more than £30.
Midsummer House, is a French restaurant hear Café Rouge, and has a low customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Twenty Two is a low rated, non-child friendly restaurant. Located in the city centre near The Rice Boat, The Twenty Two has an average price range of more than £30.
Blue Spice is a coffee shop near city centre in Avalon. Their prices are expensive but they are family-friendly. Their customer service rating is 3 out of 5.
A restaurant that has children friendly service is Wildwood.
The Golden Palace serves pub food at under £20, it is in Luton near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
The Vaults is a family French restaurant with prices more than   £30
Clowns is a pub by the riverside that has a moderate price range and a rating of 1 out of 5.
There is a cheap wine bar Alimentum located near Yippee Noodle Bar.
The Wildwood is a moderate range coffee shop near Ranch, which offers Indian food. Their customer rating is a 3 out of 5.
The Cambridge Blue is a fast food restaurant with a healthy 3 star rating
'Browns Cambridge' is a sushi-serving coffee shop. It located near the Crowne Plaza Hotel by the riverside and it very highly rated and recommended for families.
The Waterman pub in riverside Japanese food 5 out of 5
Green Man has a price range of £20-25, it is kids friendly and located at riverside.
The Bibimbap House has cheap English food near Clare Hall in riverside.
Taste of Cambridge  is a restaurant  price range more than £30  high customer rating
Family friendly Fast food and yes a pub, Zizzi has a average rating.
Midsummer House is a fair-quality place near Café Rouge.
In the riverside area there is a French food restaurant called Aromi
Browns Cambridge coffee shop offers stunning French dishes in this 5 star establishment near Crowne Plaza Hotel
An affordable coffee shop is Cocum. It is kid friendly, reasonably priced, and serves French food.
You can find a Chinese restaurant in riverside, called The Phoenix. The customer rating is low and the price range is less than £20.
There is an Italian coffee shop located near Café Sicilia. Their ratings are low and their prices are high. The Punter is not a child friendly establishment.
Loch Fyne is situated by the riverside near The Rice Boat. They serve French food and they have an average customer rating.
The family unfriendly and lowly rated Zizzi is a pub that serves Chinese food.
The Plough is a restaurant near The Bakers.  The restaurant is not conducive for a family, but the prices are less than £20.
Taste of Cambridge is a cheap restaurant with average customer rating.
The Golden Curry is near Café Rouge in the city center. It serves French food and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 and is not child friendly
The Punter is a Fast food restaurant where you will find food for less than £20.
This high-cost, 5 star restaurant, The Wrestlers, provides a variety of cheese and wines in a family friendly environment.
Enjoy a mature coffee shop, The Punter near Café Sicilia. This high rated coffee shop features high end fast foods with a high end price
For date night try The Golden Curry, Indian food with a five star satisfaction rate, not family friendly. They are in the riverside area near Café Rouge.
The Golden Palace is a high range restaurant.
The Mill is a pub providing Italian food in the low price range. It is located near the Riverside.
The Wrestlers is a cheaply priced fast food restaurant, not recommended for families.  It has a low customer rating and is located in the city centre.
The restaurant  The Olive Grove is not kid friendly  but is cheap.
The Rice Boat has a 3 out of 5 customer rating, is kids friendly and has a moderate price range. It is situated by a riverside and near Express by Holiday Inn.
Giraffe is a restaurant near The Six Bells. The price range is high.
On the riverside, near The Rice Boat is The Twenty Two. Yes, it is family friendly, price range is less than  £20, but it has a low customer rating.
The Punter is a Chinese venue that has a price range of less than £20.
Taste of Cambridge is a restaurant based in the city centre serving scummy food.  The average price of a  meal is above average at   £30 per head
There is a moderately priced French restaurant, called The Rice Boat, in the centre of the city. It is located near the Express by Holiday Inn and is not recommended for kids. Customers have given it a poor rating of 1 out of 5.
Near Café Rouge is the Wildwood restaurant with a 3 out of 5 customer rating.
With its riverside views, The Golden Palace produces high standard Japanese dining alongside its coffee shop.
The Green Man is family friendly, Japanese restaurant with prices less then 20, near All Bar One in the riverside area.
The Cambridge Blue is restaurant that provides British food including breakfasts at low prices. It is located in the city centre.
The Waterman pub is in the city centre. It has Indian food with an average rating.
Strada is a pub that serves Italian food. It is near Yippee Noodle Bar and has a low customer rating.
Near The Six Bells there is a place called Fitzbillies that has French food. Their prices range less than 20.
The Alimentum is a English restaurant that has a high price range and an average customer rating.  It's located near the Yippee Noodle Bar.
With a 3 out of 4 rating near Café Brazil you will find the moderate priced coffee shop The Vaults which has a riverside location.
children friendly in the riverside area near The Sorrento, is the Browns Cambridge Indian foods
Near the Burger King at the riverside for less than £20, The Eagle is family Friendly and serves French food
The Olive Grove is a pub located in the riverside area.  It is not a family-friendly establishment.  The Olive Grove provide English food less than £20.
Green Man is a restaurant for Italian food. We are close to All Bar One. Join us.
Children friendly The Waterman serving expensive Japanese food has been rated 5 out of 5 by customers. The place is located in the city centre.
The Wrestlers is an Italian restaurant with cheap prices. They have earned a rating of 5 out of 5 due to not being child friendly.
The Eagle, a low-rated coffee shop, serves Indian food in the low price range.  Customers say it is not family friendly and it can be found near the city centre and Burger King.
The Twenty Two offers fine Italian food, suitable for the whole family
The Golden Curry is an average family restaurant.
Fitzbillies is a very good restaurant its have a wonderful Indian but its expensive  its located on a riverside and the are children friendly
Located near Café Sicilia, The Punter is a coffee shop with a low rating, although it is family friendly, cheap, and fast.
There is an Indian coffee shop near the Crowne Plaza Hotel known as Browns Cambridge. It is kid-friendly and has an average score of 3 out of 5 with its customers.
Wildwood coffee shop providing affordable food close by to The Ranch.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 near the riverside. It serves French food with a price range of £20-25 and kids are not allowed.
Fitzbillies near the Express by Holiday Inn is child friendly. They have a high customer rating and the cost is more than £30.
The Wrestlers serves French food in the more than £30 price range, it has a low customer rating and is not child friendly.
There is  a restaurant in riverside near Burger King that is an Indian coffee shop called The Eagle.  It is moderate price range with a one out of 5  customer rating that is not kid friendly.
Blue Spice is a children friendly place located in riverside. It has a 5 out of 5 customer rating and the price range is more than £30.
The Eagle is by the riverside, has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and has a high price range.
The Rice Boat is located near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café and offers food for around £20-25 and has a high customer rating.
Alimentum is a fast-food restaurant located outside of the City Centre, near to Yippee Noodle Bar.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly fast food restaurant at a mid price range.
The Cambridge Blue is a low-priced pub that provides deliveries. It is located near Café Brazil.
The Waterman is a highly-rated and expensive establishment providing Japanese food in a child-friendly environment.  It is located in the city centre.
Travellers Rest Beefeater offering a price range of more than £30. It also has a high customer rating. Its located near the Café Adriatic in the riverside area.
A coffee shop providing Indian food, Cocum is a restaurant with a moderate price range. Not ideal for children due to its average rating.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop with moderate prices. It sells Japanese food and is not kids friendly. Its in the riverside area and has a rating of 1 out of 5.
The Olive Grove is a pub that provides Indian food in the more than £30 price range. It is located in the riverside.
The Vaults  serves English food is kids friendly  as a price range of £20-25
In the riverside area near Burger King is a French coffee shop called The Eagle that has a low customer rating but is child friendly and is more than 30 dollars.
Midsummer House providing Fast food. It is located in City center near Café Rouge. Have 5 out of 5 costumer rating.
With a customer rating of one, Fitzbillies is a coffee shop serving Indian food near Riverside.  It has a moderate price and is not kid friendly.
Blue Spice restaurant located in riverside selling cheap Italian food.
There is a moderate priced poor rated coffee shop The Eagle that offers Italian food near Burger King in riverside. It is not child friendly.
A fast food children's friendly restaurant named The Plough is located in the riverside area near Café Rouge with a price range of more then £30.
Bibimbap House in the city centre, near Clare Hall serves English food and has a high price range.
Near The Portland Arms in the city centre, Cotto is a coffee shop with a price range of less than £20 that serves Japanese food and has an average customer rating.
The Rice Boat serves French food and is in the city centre.
The Rice Boat is a Japanese restaurant in the city centre. It has a 5out of 5 rating and is kid friendly.
The Phoenix providing French Food. It is located in riverside area. Start from low price and have 5 out of 5 costumer rating.
Fitzbillies is an averagely rated and child friendly coffee shop in the city centre providing Indian food in a high price range.
Giraffe is a coffee shop that serves for a range of £20-25 located near The Bakers.  It is kids friendly and high rated.
The Golden Curry provides highly rated products that are kid-friendly.
Located close to The Portland Arms is a pub The Dumpling Tree, this is not a family friendly restaurant.
Near Raja Indian Cuisine there is a coffee shop called The Wrestlers that offers less than £20 Italian food and is by the river side. Kids not welcome
Near All Bar One in city centre is a cheap place called Cotto.
Aromi is a coffee shop providing Indian food It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
The Waterman is an expensive, Italian  restaurant sited by the riverside. It is not open to children and has a 1 out of 5 customer rating.
You can find English food in family friendly The Golden Curry. Previous customers have given it a low rating.
The Plough is a French pub, which is not kid friendly.  The price range is moderate and is located near Café Rouge.
A restaurant called Cotto, near Café Rouge, has great Italian food.
Near Café Rouge in riverside, you can find a family-friendly English restaurant named The Golden Curry that has a low customer rating.
The Aromi pub, located in the riverside area, is children-friendly, but has a low customer rating.
The Olive Grove is a low cost family friendly Chinese food pub in riverside.
The Punter, Chinese restaurant,  prices from £19.99
There is a Japanese food place called Browns Cambridge.  The prices are moderate but the rating are low.
The Cricketers, near All Bar One, is an English restaurant.
The Golden Palace coffee shop in riverside has a high price range, and serves Italian food. They have a 1 out of 5 customer rating.
Loch Fyne is near The Rice Boat in riverside, but it is a low rated Japanese place.
Zizzi is a kid-friendly pub that serves fast food and has a high customer rating.
The gourmet foods coffee shop 'The Cricketers' has poor customer reviews and is not recommended for families. It is found near The Portland Arms.
Near The Sorrento by the riverside is a high price range French coffee shop called The Mill.
The Waterman is a Chinese restaurant in the moderate price range and a 3 out of 5 customer rating, its located on the riverside and, no, its not kids suitable.
The Cricketers coffee shop serves French food and is family friendly yes indeed.  Its near The Portland Arms, although it has a low rating
The Vaults is a coffee shop situated near Café Brazil in the city centre. Prices are more than £30 and it has a 5 out of 5 rating.
A restaurant highly rated by customers, and averagely priced is Taste of Cambridge.
There is a family friendly, one star rated wine bar called The Golden Curry.
The Japanese The Waterman is located on the riverside.  It is children friendly.  Customer rating is 5 out of 5.  The price range is above average.
With a customer rating of 5 out of 5 near the riverside The Waterman pub serves Italian food
The Blue Spice is an Indian restaurant in the city centre with a high price range.
Near Clare Hall area, price range 24, Bibimbap House, Wendy's.
The Cambridge Blue is a cheap Italian pub located near Café Brazil.
Browns Cambridge is a high priced, three star rated restaurant that serves breakfast.
The Punter is a coffee shop with a £20-25 price range. They serve Japanese food with a customer rating of 3 out of 5. The Punter is located near Café Sicilia, and it is not a child friendly establishment.
The Punter offers Fast food for more than £30.
The Punter is a coffee shop near Café Sicilia serving cheap Indian food.  It has a very  high customer rating but is not family-friendly.
There is a restaurant near Rainbow Vegetarian Café called Strada. The price range is high, it is not family-friendly, and it also has a low customer rating.
Loch Fyne has a high customer rating and serves English food. It is located near The Rice Boat on the riverside.
Blue Spice coffee shop is near the river. Not suitable for families and is mid price range. It is close to Avalon.
The Punter serves Indian food in the high price range.
The Waterman is a family friendly low priced venue.
The Plough is an expensive pub that is family friendly and located in Café Rouge.
Cotto is a coffee shop near The Portland Arms. It is cheap and moderately rated.
In the city centre you will find Alimentum, a highly rated Japanese restaurant located near Yippee Noodle Bar. It has a price range of £20-25.
The Plough is an average priced restaurant near The Bakers.  They are not family friendly.
A coffee shop near Ranch, Wildwood, serves Japanese food. It is cheap for it's 5 out of 5 rating.
In the riverside area near The Portland Arms there is a high priced child friendly restaurant called The Punter.
The Vaults is a pub located near Café Adriatic with a price range of less than £20 and an average customer rating.
A Japanese coffee shop located in the city centre with low ratings and moderate pricing is The Golden Palace.
The Phoenix sells Chinese food at a high price range and average customer rating in Riverside.
The Twenty Two is rated a 3 out of 5 and is located riverside near The Rice Boat. It is moderately priced but is not kid friendly.
Located near the river, Fitzbillies coffee Shop is a family oriented coffee place with below than average customer ratings.
Green Man is a fast food place for adults with a moderate price range. It is near All Bar One in Riverside.
Browns Cambridge can be found in the riverside area, near The Sorrento. It is family-friendly and offers Japanese food.
the Blue Spice is a coffee shop in the city centre near Avalon it is in the high price range and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and is not child friendly
The Olive Grove is a non family-friendly restaurant located at the riverside.
Blue Spice is located in the city centre and has a customer rating of one out of five. It is family-friendly and has a high price range.
The Golden Curry serves Chinese food with a high price range. It has a high price range  and is considered children friendly located near The Bakers.
Bibimbap House, located near Clare Hall in the city center has a low food price less than £20.
Alimentum serves low priced Italian food. It has average customer ratings and can be found in the riverside area near Yippee Noodle Bar.
The Punter is a highly rated but inexpensive coffee shop near Café Sicilia with family-friendly restrooms.
The Rice Boat is a sushi restaurant located along the bank of the river. It is family oriented and is ranked three star.
There is a pub called Giraffe. They are located at the city centre. They are family-friendly and they serve French food.
The Eagle has a high price range, with a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is located in the riverside area.
Bibimbap House provides Indian food in the moderate price range. It is located in the riverside. It is near Clare Hall.
The Punter is a coffee shop that serves Indian food in the mid price range. Customers have given the restaurant a 9 on a scale of 1-10.  A children's menu is available suited to most tastes. Located near Café Sicilia this is a must try restaurant.
If you are looking for a restaurant serving English food then Midsummer House is definitely somewhere you are going to want to go. Near All Bar One this restaurant has a price range of £20.00 - £25.00 and high customer ratings you cant go wrong here.
Clowns is an Indian riverside coffee shop with an excellent customer rating that can be found near to Clare Hall.
The customers gave The Punter 3 stars for the food.
There is a cheap Indian food place called Wildwood that has a high customer rating.
The Alimentum is children friendly and is located in riverside.  They serve Chinese food.
There is a kid-friendly Italian coffee shop with high customer ratings named Cocum.  It is in the price range of more than £30.
The Wrestlers is located close to Raja Indian Cuisine. They are a coffee shop with low prices.
The Eagle is a Chinese restaurant with a poor customer rating.
There is an above average-price range restaurant The Eagle, it is near riverside and has low customer rating.
Browns Cambridge serves English food for a moderate price but leaves 1 out of 5 customers unsatisfied.
Fitzbillies is a  3of5 coffee shop moderate located in the centre of the city, serves food for all, including kids friendly
Strada is a French restaurant that serves average priced food near Rainbow Vegetarian Café. It is not kid friendly but has a high customer rating.
Giraffe is a kids-friendly Japanese pub near the  riverside.
Cocum is located in the city center. It is a great place to go when fast-service is a priority. Cocum is not recommended for families.
The Rice Boat is a fast food joint near Express by Holiday Inn in the city centre. It is not child friendly, has a high price range and an average customer rating.
The Golden Curry is a high-priced Fast food restaurant that is child-friendly and located near The Bakers.
For Italian food and a pub-style restaurant, go to Giraffe in city centre.
The Rice Boat is a 5-Star Sushi restaurant that welcomes the whole family to dine.
Taste of Cambridge also offers Indian food to go along with the family friendly coffee shop located near Crowne Plaza Hotel
Wildwood is a coffee shop that serves fast food,  Wildwood has received high customer ratings and has a price range of more than £30. Wildwood is located near Ranch.
Bibimbap House is a restaurant Italian located in the riverside on The Rice Boat
The Rice Boat is an English food restaurant near the Express by Holiday Inn. It is in the low price bracket and family friendly
The Dumpling Tree is a kid friendly pub serving fast food near The Portland Arms.
Browns Cambridge has received average customer ratings for its highly priced Indian food.
The one star coffee shop Aromi is not family friendly.
In the riverside area is a Japanese restaurant called Green Man. It is kids friendly, moderately priced, and near All Bar One.
Strada is a restaurant which costs less than £20, but is not family-friendly and has an average rating.
The Eagle serves French food and is rated 5 out of 5
Fitzbillies is a kid friendly Italian coffee shop with a high customer rating, right in the city centre, with a price range between £20-25.
The Vaults are not suitable for children and serve Indian food with a high price range.
With a high customer rating, The Golden Curry serves English food in a family friendly riverside area. The Golden Curry is located near Café Rouge.
The Plough is a low priced, family friendly pub in the Café Rouge area where you can take out, eat in or deliveries.
Wildwood is a pub providing Japanese food. With a 3 out of 5 customer rating, it is in the high price range.
The Waterman is a high end establishment on the waters edge offering fast food. It is child friendly but only has a rating of 1 out of 5.
The Rice Boat in the city centre serves Chinese food, but is rated low,  and is not family friendly.
The Blue Spice has an average customer rating and this family-friendly coffee shop is located near Avalon in the city centre where you can eat for under £25
The moderately priced, The Golden Curry, is a French adult restaurant, situated near The Bakers.
The Vaults serves cheap French food and is family friendly
Bibimbap House offers Japanese food beginning at £30, located in the city center near Clare Hall.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Italian food in the moderate price range. It is located in the city centre. kid friendly and good customer rating
A very good Italian coffee shop is Clowns near Clare Hall along the riverside.
Browns Cambridge is a fast food coffee shop. It is located in Riverside near the Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is children friendly but has a low customer rating.
Cocum, a coffee shop, serves Italian food.  It is inexpensive and family friendly with a low customer rating.
For a moderately priced coffee shop, visit The Dumpling Tree. It's located in the city centre  near Café Sicilia, and also features a playground.
The Punter is a family friendly coffee shop located near Café Sicilia which offers top quality food at a high price.
Alimentum is a Japanese restaurant located near Yippee Noodle Bar in the city centre with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 and cheap price range.
The Waterman is a riverside Japanese restaurant with a moderate price range and a low customer rating. It is not kid friendly.
There is a pub called The Olive Grove that serves Indian food that is kid friendly. It is located in riverside and priced moderately.
The Olive Grove is a pub that serves Indian food in the moderate price range.  It is kid-friendly and is located in the city centre.
Cotto is a highly rated Indian coffee shop that can be found at the riverside, near to The Portland Arms. A meal typically costs £20-25
Giraffe is a coffee shop near The Bakers. It has a price of more than £30 and a low customer rating. It is not children friendly.
The Vaults, an expensive Chinese food restaurant, is  kid friendly but you will expect to pay more than £30.
A restaurant called The Wrestlers serving French food at above average prices  has achieved high levels of customer satisfaction. It is not family-friendly.
The Wrestlers is a kid friendly coffee shop located near Raja Indian Cuisine in riverside.
Aromi coffee shop serves Japanese food for adults only with low customer rating
Green Man is a more than £30  pub in the city centre.
For less than £20 you can have Japanese food from The Waterman. It is in the city centre and is family-friendly with an average customer rating.
The Waterman is not family-friendly and has a price range of less than 20.
Located in riverside is a family friendly Indian coffee shop named Taste of Cambridge, this restaurant is located near the Crowne Plaza Hotel.
The Waterman riverside good place to all family and eat the best English Food
The Cricketers is a Family Friendly Pub near Ranch. It has a customer satisfaction rating of 5 out of 5.
Green Man is a child friendly place in the area of Riverside. Prices range from 20 to 25 Euros.
An Indian restaurant in the high price range is The Dumpling Tree.
The Olive Grove is a cheap Italian food option located in the city centre. It is a pub and is not intended for children.
Clowns is located near Clare Hall.  The location is in the city centre area.
The Rice Boat is a family friendly Indian food restaurant rated 1 out of 5 located in Riverside.
French food is offered at Browns Cambridge coffee shop. They are located in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel. Featuring an average customer rating and a family-friendly environment.
There is a poorly rated mid priced fast food restaurant The Wrestlers. It is family friendly.
A restaurant called Loch Fyne is child friendly and sells English food. Its price range is high.
The Browns Cambridge is a high priced restaurant that serves Chinese food.
A family friendly restaurant in the riverside area is Green Man.  Food costs less than 20 pounds.
The Golden Curry is a 3 out of 5 customer rated, child friendly fast food restaurant.
Cotto is a Japanese coffee shop with great prices, ranging from 20 to 25 euros.  It is located near The Portland Arms in the city centre and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Cotto is inexpensive at less than £20. It is located in the city centre near All Bar One.
There is a pub called The Plough located near the Café Rouge that is family friendly and serves cheap Italian food.
The Mill at riverside near The Sorrento is a coffee shop that serves Japanese food in a price range of more that £30.
Near the river is The Waterman that is family friendly but not budget friendly.
Zizzi public house serves British food, is family friendly and has 5 out of 5 stars.
Zizzi has Japanese food and a good  customer rating. It is a kid friendly pub.
Alimentum has average priced English food in the city centre.  It is not kid friendly.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop providing Indian food in the less than £20 price range. It is located in the city centre. It is near Raja Indian Cuisine.
An Italian coffee shop near Café Sicilia is The Punter. The price range is cheap and the customer rating is average. It is not family-friendly.
Browns Cambridge is high priced with a 3 out of 5 rating.  One kid friendly, moderately priced fast food venue is The Wrestlers.  It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
In the riverside area there is a French food place named Blue Spice that's price range is more than 30.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that is family friendly by the river with 1 star.
The Eagle has Chinese food
Giraffe is a pub that specializes in spaghetti. Only those above the legal drinking age are allowed to enter.
The Japanese restaurant, The Eagle, has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 stars.
Giraffe is a low-priced coffee shop that provides high quality drinks and it is opened to all age groups. It is located near The Bakers.
The Fitzbillies is kids Friendly.  It is near the Express by Holiday Inn.  its price range is between 20 and 25.
Near to The Portland Arms is a kid friendly pub called The Dumpling Tree that serves English food.
Cotto is a located in the city centre near All Bar One. It has a price range less than 20 GBP.
A moderate priced English food establishment called The Phoenix has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is located by the riverside.
restaurant Loch Fyne serves fast food prices are moderate. Not a kids friendly place.
Green Man, located near All Bar One in the city centre, is not family-friendly and offers English food at prices less than 20.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that also sells noodles and wine, it is located next to the river, it is a family restaurant that has a 5 star rating and is highly priced.
Fitzbillies is a French kid friendly coffee shop in riverside. It has moderate prices and is low rated.
The Rice Boat provides Indian food in the moderate price range. It is located in the city centre. It is near Express by Holiday Inn. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a restaurant that don't offer children friendly environment and they offer fast food at high price and the customer rating is Average.
The Phoenix is a riverside Italian restaurant that needs you to tell the World it deserves more than a 1 out of 5 rating.
The Strada is a family-friendly restaurant with a high price range and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5; it is located just north of Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
Green Man is a high price range traditional Japanese restaurant near All Bar One. Public restrooms available.
Cocum is a child-friendly pub.   The prices are above average and it has a low customer rating.
Loch Fyne is a restaurant providing mid-priced fast food and is family friendly.
A Japanese restaurant called The Dumpling Tree has a price range of more than £30.
Cocum is a family friendly coffee shop  with a high price range and a high customer rating.
The Phoenix is located near the city center, is rated low by customers and serves Japanese food.
Cotto is a French coffee shop in the moderate price range. It is located in the city centre, near The Portland Arms, and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Plough is a cheap, family friendly fast food pub near Café Rouge.
At The Cambridge Blue pub located at Café Brazil, you can get a meal, a side and a drink at a good price.
The Dumpling Tree is a French restaurant price ranges less than £20.
The Vaults is a non family friendly Sushi restaurant in the City Centre that provides food at the low price range.
Zizzi is a pub providing Indian food in the  price range. Its customer rating is average.
For a moderately priced, child friendly venue, try The Punter, it can be found in the city centre near The Portland Arms.
Alimentum is a French eatery that has an average price range and a high customer rating. It is located near the Yippee Noodle Bar along the riverside.
The Rice Boat is a low rated restaurant offering Indian food. It is not family friendly and is located at city centre.
The Vaults is an expensive place that enjoys kids and is Italian oriented.
The Rice Boat is providing Chinese food in the £20-25 price range. It is located in the city centre. It is near Express by Holiday Inn. Its customer rating is high.
Alimentum is located in the center of the city near Yippee Noodle Bar. It serves Italian food and has a high customer rating. Prices range from £20-25.
Browns Cambridge is an Italian restaurant located near The Sorrento by the riverside. This establishment is not family-friendly.
The Mill is a moderate  pub in the city centre near of The Sorrento that delivers Japanese food.
The Giraffe is family-friendly pub which serves Italian food in the city centre.
Cocum, a Japanese coffee shop, is low priced and highly rated, as well as being family friendly.
The Eagle is a children friendly coffee shop located in the city centre near the Burger King. The customer rating is 5 out of 5 and if you're looking for some French food and have a price range of more than 30 pounds this is a good place to go.
Loch Fyne is a five star restaurant near The Rice Boat.
The Mill pub has a less than £20 price range for its Italian food and can be found in the city centre.
The Dumpling Tree is a French restaurant with a cheap price range.
The Phoenix is a high rated, cheap Chinese food restaurant located in the city centre
In the area of riverside and a high price range, Blue Spice is a fast food restaurant in the riverside area.
Feed the whole family or less than £20 at The Punter. This family friendly restaurant is located in riverside near The Portland Arms.
The Waterman is a pub in the city centre which sells French food with an average customer rating
There is a high priced Italian coffee shop in riverside called The Eagle. It is near Burger King and it is not children friendly. It has an average customer rating.
Near Ranch is The Cricketers.  It's not a family-friendly pub that has low customer ratings.
Located near Ranch. The Cricketers is a family friendly pub with a low customer rating.
An Italian coffee shop in the riverside area that is children friendly, is called Fitzbillies. It has an average customer rating with a high price range.
The Mill is a pub bar in the riverside area than offer French food with a price range over than £30
If you are looking for a child-friendly Café close to The Portland Arms, then try The Cricketers. You can purchase light meals and alcoholic beverages as well.
The Aromis is a family-friendly coffee shop.  Serves Italian food.  Located riverside and is not family-friendly.  Low customer rating.
Browns Cambridge is located near The Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre and is an adult only average coffee shop serving fast food
Great French food is sold at The Wrestlers coffee shop. With a price range of less than £20 and no kids allowed, the riverside Café near the Raja Indian Cuisine is sure to please.
There is a  French restaurant Loch Fyne on the riverside near The Rice Boat having 3 out of 5 customer rating.
There is a cheap pub called The Mill that serves French food in the city centre.
The Dumpling Tree is a non-family-friendly pub that serves French food near The Portland Arms.
There is a cheap coffee shop called Zizzi in the city centre that isn't family-friendly. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
There is a child-friendly coffee shop down by the riverside - Zizzi - where you can have a highly-rated meal for more than 30 pounds.
The Plough is located near Express by Holiday Inn. It is a child-friendly restaurant.
The Waterman is a pub that serves Japanese food in the riverside area and has an average customer rating.
Wildwood is a Japanese coffee shop located near Ranch. Prices are typically more than £30. Customers rated Wildwood 5 out of 5.
Near The Six Bells there is an English restaurant called Fitzbillies that has a high price range.
Fitzbillies, is an inexpensive coffee shop located outside the city centre perfect for the whole family.
The Golden Curry is another place to get Indian food, but they are not family friendly and rate low among customers.
The Waterman is a pub located near the river, is rated 3 stars, and has fine wine and bread.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop on the outside of the City center.
The Wrestlers is low cost,  greasy spoon takeaway with decent family facilities.
For great Italian food that's child friendly visit Browns Cambridge. Located near The Sorrento.
The Rice Boat is a child friendly  Japanese restaurant in the riverside area.  It has a high customer rating.
The Golden Curry provides Indian food It is located in the city centre. It is near Café Rouge. Its customer rating is average.
There is a low customer rating coffee shop Fitzbillies located in the city centre that provides Fast food. Its price is less than £20 with no family-friendly.
The Cricketers is a highly rated, but not family-friendly, pub near Ranch.
The Italian Browns Cambridge is kid friendly and is in the riverside area near to The Sorrento.
The Indian restaurant near The Bakers called The Golden Curry serves Indian food that costs less than £20 but is not family friendly.
Located near Clare Hall, The Bibimbap House has French and a moderate price range.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Japanese food in the average price range. It is located in the riverside and has a high customer rating with no kids-friendly.
Aromi near riverside is a Fast food coffee shop average rated children friendly
The Phoenix is rated 1 out of 5 by customers. They serve Chinese food in the riverside area.
The Golden Curry serving delicious French cuisine. Cheap family friendly environment. Close to The Bakers.
Clowns is a Japanese coffee shop in the riverside area near Clare Hall. This venue has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
A cheap family friendly pub, The Olive Grove, is in Riverside.
Located near Ranch, Wildwood is a coffee shop that serves French food at a price range of  £20-25. Wildwood has a 3 out of 5 customer rating.
The Rice Boat is an Indian food restaurant with average customer ratings and a family friendly atmosphere located near the Riverside area.
Strada, rated low and family unfriendly,  serves moderately priced Indian near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
Blue Spice is a high-end restaurant that serves French cuisine. It is located in the center of city.
A highly rated high priced Chinese restaurant that is not family friendly located near city centre is called The Waterman.
In the city centre near The Portland Arms, is the Japanese coffee shop Cotto.  They are cheap and highly rated with 5 out of 5.
The Punter is a child friendly coffee shop serving French food. It is moderately priced, located near Café Sicilia and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Rated 3 stars, the pub Zizzi offers Italian food suitable for families.
The Browns Cambridge is located near the Crown Plaza Hotel and it has a one star rating.
With riverside views, highly rated restaurant The Phoenix serves Japanese food for an exclusive adult night out.
The Vaults is a coffee shop in the cheap price range located in Riverside near Café Brazil with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
There is a Japanese restaurant that is called The Dumpling Tree  with moderate prices.
Zizzi is an adult Japanese pub rated five out of five by customers
The Japanese coffee shop Aromi has a moderate rating of 3 stars despite being both conveniently located along the riverside and remaining children friendly.
Alimentum is a high priced Indian restaurant. it has average customer ratings it is located near Yippee Noodle Bar.
Located by riverside is the name Blue Spice. It is a child-friendly place with a price Range of high and a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Mill is a coffee shop located in the city center, near The Sorrento, offering Japanese food at an affordable price.
Cotto,  a coffee shop that serves Italian food with a price Range of less than L20, is near The Portland Arms.  It has a low customer Rating.
There is a cheap coffee shop serving Indian food called The Punter near Café Sicilia. It has an average customer rating and is not family friendly.
Down the road from Crowne Plaza Hotel is Browns Cambridge, a family friendly coffee shop. It also has a great view of the river
There is a coffee shop with a low customer rating named Cotto. It is  near The Portland Arms in the riverside area. You can buy fast food there for less than 20 Euros.
Browns Cambridge is a cheap 5-star restaurant that serves many specialties from around Europe.
The Green Man an All Bar One on the riverside, does fast food, but is high in price and non family-friendly.
5 star establishment, Aromi is a riverside coffee shop that serves Italian food
The Rice Boat is an Italian restaurant located in the city centre.  The average customer rating is average and the restaurant is family-friendly.
For a Japanese menu, try The Eagle. It scores high with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Twenty Two is child friendly and serves Italian food.
The Phoenix, serving Chinese food rated 5 out of 5 by customers, is located in the city centre.
The Dumpling Tree is a wonderful child friendly pub serving Japanese food. You will find it near The Portland Arms.
The Riverside area has a family friendly Italian restaurant near All Bar One called Green Man.
For Japanese food visit Cotto located near Café Rouge
Strada is a highly rated French restaurant located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café. Strada offers a kid friendly environment and average prices at  £20-25. Strada rates highly among patrons.
The Rice Boat is located within the city centre near Express by Holiday Inn. This adult-only establishment offers low priced Chinese cuisine and received a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Olive Grove is a non family friendly pub in the low price range. It is located in the city centre.
There is a moderately priced coffee shop called The Wrestlers  in the centre of the city near Raja Indian Cuisine.  It serves Japanese food and kids are not welcomed.
Near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre you can find The Wrestlers, a moderately priced coffee shop of the Japanese style that unfortunately does not openly welcome families with children.
Blue Spice on the riverside kids friendly customer rating
For Indian food in the higher price range visit The Vaults. Its kid friendly.
Browns Cambridge is near Crowne Plaza Hotel. Browns Cambridge has a three star rating. Browns Cambridge is a family coffee shop.
The Plough is kid friendly. It serves Fast food. The price range is moderate. It is a pub near Café Rouge.
The Golden Curry is family friendly, offers English food, and has an average customer rating.
The Chinese food at The Eagle restaurant is average.
Wildwood is a coffee shop close to Ranch.  It has an average rating and serves cheap Italian food.
The Mill is a pub that serves Chinese food at a less than average price range. They are located in the city centre.
The Rice Boat serves Japanese food in the riverside area.
The Golden Palace is a Italian coffee shop in town, it offers food from £30 and is rated high.
Located near Crowne Plaza Hotel is a children-friendly English restaurant called The Waterman.
Blue Spice is a coffee shop near Avalon in city centre. Their prices are high and they aren't kid friendly. They are rated 3 out of 5 stars.
The Rice Boat is not a family-friendly  restaurant.
The Punter is a fairly-priced venue offering American snacks like burgers and fries.
There is an English restaurant located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café. Strada has low ratings and is not child friendly.
A cheap night out would include the Cotto by the riverside near All Bar One.
The Cricketers is a family friendly pub that is located near Ranch. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Strada a family friendly low cost 1 star restaurant, located next to the Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
The Vaults serves British style meals in the lower-priced range for adults only. No children allowed.
Alimentum boasts cheap prices and a five out of five customer ratings for it's Indian food. Find it in the city centre near the Yippee Noodle Bar.
The Rice Boat is a 1 star restaurant which is not family friendly. It serves wines and cheeses and is located in the City centre.
We ate at a pricey restaurant called Blue Spice, located in the city centre
The Twenty Two is located at the riverside near The Rice Boat. The customer rating is average, it is cheap, and it is family friendly.
The Wrestlers is an average, high priced, adult friendly Indian establishment.
Green Man in riverside has a moderate price range and is kid friendly.
Aromi is a highly rated Indian coffee shop located in the city centre. It is not family friendly.
The Olive Grove, near the riverside, serves Indian food for less than £20, but is not family friendly.
The Golden Curry has Japanese, is children friendly, and has a low customer rating.
There is a restaurant named Browns Cambridge which serves Indian food located in centre city near The Sorrento.
The Bibimbap House in riverside near Clare Hall has French and has a moderate price range.
The Rice Boat, located on the riverside near the Express by Holiday Inn, serves excellent, moderately-priced Italian food.  Families with children are welcome.
Loch Fyne offers high-quality Italian food. It is located near The Rice Boat.
The Cambridge Blue is a restaurant it's located in near Café Brazil, it's Japanese Food, and and the type food is public, the price range is Average between  £20-25.
In the city centre there is a moderately priced French restaurant called Alimentum. It is not family-friendly.
The Mill is a Fast food serving coffee shop located near The Sorrento in Riverside with a price range of 20-25 pounds.
Cocum is a coffee shop with a moderate price range, a customer rating of 1 out of 5 that offer Fast food and is not a kid friendly place.
Indian restaurant and coffee shop, The Eagle, is located in the city centre near Burger King having a moderate price and 3 out of 5 Rating.
The Golden Curry serves Fast food near Café Rouge and is located in the city centre area. Rated low. kid unfriendly
Located riverside near the Café Adriatic, Travellers Rest Beefeater has a high price range, over  £30, but a low customer rating.
Wildwood is a Japanese coffee shop with a low customer rating and a £and up price range.  It is located near Ranch.
Alimentum is five star licensed restaurant. It is in the mid price range and is located near to the Yippee Noodle Bar.
cheap French food with a 5 out of 5 Rating, The Waterman is Family friendly and can be found by the riverside
Although considered family friendly, Giraffe coffee shop is highly priced in comparison to its low score of 1 out of 5 stars.  It is located near The Bakers.
Children friendly, highly priced and lowly rated Italian restaurant The Rice Boat is located near the Express by Holiday Inn.
The Alimentum is a moderately priced fast food restaurant. They are located in the riverside area.
The Plough is a children friendly pub that serves English food. It is near Café Rouge and is in the high price range.
There is a kid friendly Chinese restaurant in the riverside area. It is called the Alimentum has a high price range.
The Mill pub in the city centre has English food in the less than £20 price range.
Browns Cambridge is a French restaurant located at the riverside. It can be found near The Sorrento, and it is not a family-friendly establishment.
The Mill is a coffee shop situated next to The Sorrento. It falls into the high price range.
The Eagle serves Low rated Japanese food.
The Waterman is a family-friendly establishment that serves a light menu of food and alcohol.  This average-priced menu is reviewed by customers as 3 out of 5 stars.
The Cricketers with an average customer rating is kid friendly pub located near the Ranch.
Blue Spice is a cheap family friendly restaurant by the riverside. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Eagle is a poorly-rated Italian coffee shop in the city centre near Burger King.  It is cheap and family-friendly.
Cocum is a high priced, kid friendly coffee shop that serves Italian food.
Cotto is a coffee shop that serves French food with prices ranging from £20-25. It is located in the riverside area near The Portland Arms and received a high customer rating.
With one star, the cheap coffee shop Zizzi is not family friendly. It is located in the riverside area.
The Rice Boat serves Indian food at the price range of £20- 25 and is located at the city centre near Express by Holiday Inn. It is not kids friendly and has a high customer rating..
For a family friendly Café that does British food with a 5 star rating then The Golden Curry is the place
For prices ranges from £20-25, visit the Giraffe restaurant near The Six Bells.
Wildwood is Fast food with a high customer rating near Ranch with a price range of £20-25.
Fitzbillies coffee shop serves Indian food in the price range of £20-25.    Located in the riverside area and has a high customer rating. Not kid friendly.
The Eagle serves Italian food and is rated 3 out of 5 stars.
Alimentum, near the Yippee Noodle Bar in the riverside area, serves Fast food in the price range cheap.
The Phoenix is a restaurant located in City centre
The Golden Curry is a family-friendly French restaurant near Café Rouge. They are located at the city center and their customer rating is low.
There is a Japanese, non children Friendly restaurant in the riverside area with a high price range and a customer rating of 3 out of 5 named The Waterman.
Browns Cambridge is a French food restaurant in the city centre near The Sorrento. It is family-friendly.
Giraffe is a kid friendly coffee shop located near The Bakers, the highly recommended coffee shop is affordably priced.
In the riverside area, near Clare Hall, is Bibimbap House, serving Japanese food with a price range of £20-£25.
Aromi is a child-friendly coffee shop that gets one out of five stars customer rating. They serve Chinese food and are located in the Riverside area.
You can get some French food at The Rice Boat located at riverside near the Express by Holiday Inn. While the prices are on the high end, it has received a perfect 5 out of 5 customer rating. Please note that The Rice Boat is not children friendly.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is in the riverside area. It has a high price range and a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is near Café Adriatic.
The Waterman offers mid-range Italian in a family-friendly environment.
Fitzbillies, serving Chinese food near The Six Bells, has a high price range.
Alimentum is a Chinese restaurant located on the riverside near Yippee Noodle Bar.  It has a low customer rating and moderate prices.
Cocum is a coffee shop  where they serve Indian food, they a have a cheap price and an average customer rating. Their restaurant is not family friendly.
Cotto is a highly rated average priced Fast food coffee shop located in the city centre near The Portland Arms
The Eagle is an Italian coffee shop in the city centre, near Burger King. It is high price, not child friendly and has an average customer rating.
With a price range of less than  £20, The Mill is an inexpensive pub serving Fast food in the city centre.
The Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop who has a low rating. They are family-friendly and serve amazing French food. They can be found near Crowne Plaza Hotel in city centre.
For average, riverside food head to The Watermans.
Their is a pub called The Olive Grove in the riverside area.
In the centre of the city of The Twenty Two, Italian food and child friendly.
The Twenty Two is child friendly, offering French food in the Riverside.
The Rice Boat serves Italian food  near the Express by Holiday Inn in the city centre. They are in the high price range, are child friendly and have an average customer rating.
The Mill, offers high priced Japanese food in their coffee shop. Located in the riverside near The Sorrento
The Wildwood pub serving expensive French food has been rated low by customers.
Travellers Rest Beefeater has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and a high price range. It is located in riverside near Café Adriatic.
Near the Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre is Taste of Cambridge. It is a Japanese coffee shop that is family-friendly.
The Golden Curry provides Chinese food in the £20-25 price range. It is near The Bakers.
Cotto provides Indian food It is near Ranch. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Try Alimentum in the city centre near Yippee Noodle Bar. They sell Fast food with moderate pricing and have a 3 out of 5 customer rating.
The Alimentum is not a family-friendly English food restaurant on the riverside with a price range of less than 20 pounds.
The Waterman is a high priced restaurant in the city centre with a customer rating of 1 out of 5  offering English food.  It is not child friendly.
The Punter is a coffee shop providing Indian food in the more than £30 price range. It is near Café Sicilia. Its customer rating is high.
Next to Café Rouge there is a pub called The Plough, it is a low priced, family friendly wine bar.
Zizzi is an average adult only pub serving Italian food
In the city centre near The Rice Boat, The Twenty Two is in the average price range.  The Twenty Two is not kid friendly and is rated 3 out of 5 by customers.
Midsummer House provides Chinese food in the cheap price range. It is near All Bar One. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Near The Bakers there is an average customer rated coffee shop named Giraffe. It is family friendly and cheap.
Near the Crowne Plaza Hotel there is a well rated family coffee shop called Browns Cambridge that sells sushi.
The Italian restaurant, Blue Spice has a high price range and is located in the city centre.
The Cambridge Blue is a pub that serves Chinese food in an average price range. It is located near Café Brazil.
Alimentum serves Italian food at less than £20. It is located in the city centre near Yippee Noodle Bar and has a low customer rating.
Strada is a restaurant providing Fast food. It is located near of  Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
An average rated, cheap pub with English food, is Wildwood.
Riverside area near Café Adriatic is the Travellers Rest Beefeater above average prices poor customer ratings.
Clowns is a coffee shop that provides a wide variety of French food around the average price range. It is located near Clare Hall by riverside. Clowns is a low-priced restaurant that can deliver take-outs.
Bibimbap House, located near The Rice Boat on the riverside, provides English food.
In riverside is Alimentum, it offers French food and is family friendly. The price range is less than £20.
Strada sells Japanese food for less than £20. Located near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café , they are family friendly, but have a low customer rating.
The Rice Boat is a family oriented sushi restaurant along the bank of the river. It is ranked three star.
The Rice Boat serves Chinese food for £20-25 and is highly rated by customers. It is child friendly and located in the riverside area near an Express by Holiday Inn.
French food is offered in the riverside area near The Rice Boat at Bibimbap House.
Fitzbillies is an located in Cambridge, north of The Six Bells.
The Phoenix has Indian cuisine by the riverside. Customers rate it as low,
Strada is a kids friendly French food restaurant customer rated 3 out of 5, providing average price meals in the price range £20-25 situated near to the Rainbow Vegetarian Café
A pub called The Mill is on the riverside and serves Fast food at a moderate price.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that provides Indian foods with a price range less than £20 located in riverside area. It is not family friendly and has a low customer rating.
The Golden Curry is a Japanese place near The Bakers. It is a kid friendly and low priced.
The Waterman is situated on the waterfront, it provides all types of cuisine to suit all individual needs and offers good value for money.
Indian food in Riverside, The Rice Boat, is family friendly with a low customer rating.
There is a pub called Strada providing Indian food located near Yippee Noodle Bar with high customer rating.
By the river high priced food and wine at The Mill
The Rice Boat serves English food at a moderate price range.  Located in the city centre near Express by Holiday Inn, it is not child friendly and the customer ratings are 1 out of 5.
The Twenty Two serves Fast food and is kids friendly.
The Eagle is a French coffee shop in the riverside area, close to Burger King.  This venue is cheap, not recommended for families and has a customer rating 1 out of 5.
The Italian restaurant, Alimentum, is in the city centre. It is expensive and not children friendly.
A pub centrally located in the city that serves Japanese food is The Waterman. It has a low customer rating.
The Rice Boat is in the riverside area near Express by Holiday Inn.  It is family friendly, serves expensive food and has a five star rating.
The Golden Curry provides Indian food It is located in the city centre. It is near Café Rouge. Its customer rating is average.
The Rice Boat is a Fast food, average priced restaurant located near the Express by Holiday Inn.  This riverside establishment is not family-friendly.
The Rice Boat is a moderately priced,  French restaurant, situated in the riverside area, near the Express by Holiday Inn. Its customer rating is average and it is not child friendly.
The Twenty Two is a family friendly restaurant serving English food in the riverside area.
Giraffe is a family-friendly pub, located in the city centre. It serves English cuisine.
There is an English restaurant called the Bibimbap House that is near The Rice Boat on the riverside
Browns Cambridge has a prices ranging between £20-£25 and is also highly rated by its customers
Alimentum is a family-friendly Chinese restaurant. It has average pricing and  is located in the riverside area.
Cocum coffee shop is a moderately priced, family  friendly eatery providing hamburgers, French fries and soft drinks.
The coffee shop, The Wrestlers is an affordable location city center. and the Raja Indian Cuisine restaurant
Cocum is a children friendly pub, it has a low customer rating and goods cost more than £30.
Zizzi is a pub, it is not family-friendly, serves English food and has a low rating.
The Vaults is a pub with a high customer rating and a price range of £20-25 situated near Café Adriatic.
near All Bar One there's an Indian restaurant called Green Man  that is moderately priced and is not kid friendly
The Punter is a restaurant that serves Chinese food with a price range of £20-25.
Fitzbillies is low price coffee shop serving Japanese food Located in riverside with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 but not family-friendly
In the riverside area near Clare Hall is Clowns. A coffee shop offering Indian food with a 1 out of 5 rating.
The Golden Curry is a family friendly restaurant which provides Indian foods with a price range of less than £20. It is located near The Bakers
Blue Spice has an average customer rating. There price range is less then 20. They are family-friendly. It is a coffee shop. They are located in the city centre near Avalon.
Bibimbap House is a Chinese restaurant with a moderate price range. Located in riverside near Clare Hall.
Fitzbillies is cheap and near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
Wildwood is an expensive, 5-star coffee shop near Ranch that also offers select cheeses and wine.
The Wildwood pub is a 5 star establishment that serves low cost convenient food
Strada is and Indian restaurant near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café with a moderate price range. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and if kid friendly.
Look near All Bar One in the city centre for a moderately priced Chinese restaurant called Green Man.
The whole family can eat at The Wrestlers. The restaurant offers quality Italian cuisine at mid-level prices.
Bibimbap House, near Clare Hall serves Japanese food.  If you are in the riverside area, this is a moderately-priced choice, offering Japanese selections between £20-25.
The Dumpling Tree restaurant serve fancy Indian food.
The Waterman is not family-friendly with a low price range serving fast food near city centre.
The Twenty Two offers English cuisine in a family friendly environment.
If you are searching for a pub near The Portland Arms, The Dumpling Tree is perfect for you. It serves French food, but it's not family-friendly.
Zizzi; a pub serving average Japanese food in an adult setting.
Located in the riverside area, The Twenty Two is a family friendly place offering Fast food.
Green Man is a sushi restaurant that is located close to All Bar One in City centre on the river. It is a good place to eat for a low price without the kids.
In city centre, near Yippee Noodle Bar, Alimentum serves French food with a price range of more than £30 and have a low customer rating.
Browns Cambridge serves cheap Fast food with 5 out of 5 customer rating.
Nearby Rainbow Vegetarian Café is the poorly-reviewed sushi restaurant Strada, which offers medium prices and welcomes families.
Coming in with a high customer rating is Alimentum. Alimentum serves French food. They are in the riverside area near Yippee Noodle Bar and have a medium price range of £20-25.
The Phoenix serves French food in city centre. They have a high customer rating and have a price range of £20-25.
Wildwood is a pub that is above the average price range, that serves Fast food, it has a high customer rating.
The Rice Boat is a sushi restaurant with 3 stars found in the center of the city near Express by Holiday Inn.
family friendly The Twenty Two at Riverside serves Italian food
Fitzbillies is a Japanese coffee shop in the City Centre. This coffee shop is child-friendly, has a 5 out of 5 customer rating and has prices that are higher than average.
The Eagle Is a restaurant located next to Burger King,  in the low price range
In the riverside area, there is a pub called The Mill which offers cheap Chinese food.
The coffee shop Fitzbillies in the riverside area serves French food.  They are rated 3 out of 5 and is not conducive for kids.  Prices range between £20-25.
The Waterman serves Chinese food with an average price range. It is located in the city centre.
Located in Riverside, Aromi is a children-friendly coffee shop offering Japanese food.  Customers have given it a rating of 5 out of 5 making it a must stop location.
Near Yippee Noodle Bar is Strada, an Italian pub with a 5 out of 5 rating.
A fast food family-friendly average customer rating restaurant is called The Golden Curry. It is in the city centre area near Café Rouge.
There is a medium-priced restaurant The Golden Curry located beside The Bakers that provides sushi. Families are not welcomed there.
The Travellers Rest Beefeater restaurant is moderately priced and can be found in the riverside area near Café Adriatic
Zizzi is a eating type pub that serves English food. It has an average customer rating and being a pub is not family-friendly.
Alimentum, is a restaurant located near 'Yippee Noodle Bar'.
Near the Café Rouge, is a great Japanese placed called Midsummer House.
The Rice Boat is a low-priced restaurant that is family friendly. It is also located next to the Express by Holiday Inn.
There is a Japanese restaurant called Cotto located near the Ranch. They have a 5 out of 5 customer rating but are not family-friendly.
Rated 5 out of 5, Clowns is a cheap pub located in the city centre.
Child friendly Fitzbillies is near Express by Holiday Inn.  It offers a price range of £20 to £25, and is highly rated by its customers.
The Golden Palace has a high customer rating and falls within the £20-25 price range for French food. It is along the riverside and within a coffee shop environment.
The Wrestlers offers Japanese food. The prices are high and it's not child-friendly, but has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Cambridge Blue is a pub and restaurant situated next the the Café Brazil and it serves low cost meals.
The Golden Curry is located on riverside area, near to Café Rouge this offer English food ideal for kids, his rating are over 3 to5.
The Rice Boat is a children friendly, riverside English restaurant with a high customer rating.
There is a coffee shop named Browns Cambridge near the Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area. It specializes in French food and is kids-friendly. It is rated 3 out of 5.
The Vaults is a Japanese place that is children Friendly with a more than £30 price range.
There is a child friendly pub Taste of Cambridge located in river side near The Sorrento.
Green Man serves Italian food near All Bar One and is children friendly. The price range is high and it is in the riverside area.
Green Man in riverside, kid friendly prices £20-25.
Fitzbillies is an Italian coffee shop based in the city centre, offering a high range of food.
The Rice Boat is a non-family-friendly fast food restaurant with an average customer rating. It is located on the riverside.
The Giraffe is a kid-friendly French pub located near the riverside.
There is a coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine in riverside called The Wrestlers with a high price range Italian food.
The Eagle is a coffee shop serving French food at prices more than  £30.  Located near Burger King in the city centre, this restaurant is not child friendly and has a low customer rating.
The Rice Boat has a 5 out of 5 customer rating, is in the more than £30 price range and is located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
The Punter is an Italian restaurant. The food is moderately priced, around twenty pounds per diner.
There is a medium priced coffee shop called Wildwood in the Ranch area. it is a sit down restaurant with three stars.
In the riverside area, The Phoenix serves Japanese food at moderate price and is rated 1 out of 5.
An average rated Chinese restaurant called Midsummer House is moderately priced.  It is near All Bar One.
The Golden Curry Chinese restaurant is a bit pricey but kid friendly. It serves chines food and is located near The Bakers.
By the riverside there is an Indian restaurant named Green Man that is child friendly, with a high price range and is located near All Bar One.
In the riverside there is a pub called Clowns with a moderate price range and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Alimentum is located beside the riverside close to the Yippee Noodle Bar. It sells cheap English food and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
A cheap Japanese restaurant is Browns Cambridge; they have a customer rating of 3 out of 5
One of the City Centre's poorly reviewed Fast food chains called The Waterman offers adult friendly food for under £20
The Rice Boat is a highly rated Japanese restaurant located near center city not for family meals.
Loch Fyne, a  Fast food place, is located near The Rice Boat, has an average customer rating. It is located by the riverside.
The Waterman pub serves fast food its located by riverside and has a low customer rating.
There is a cheap Japanese restaurant, The Phoenix, by the riverside what received 5 out of 5 star rating.
Zizzi is a three-star, family-friendly sushi pub.
The Cricketers near The Portland Arms is a coffee shop rated 1 out of 5 fast food
Green Man is a French food place, children friendly place in the city centre near the All Bar One. Price ranging more than £30.
The Golden Curry is providing Indian food in the cheap price range. It is near The Bakers.
The Waterman provides Indian food. It is near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Cocum is a coffee shop, offering Italian food. It is not child friendly, and has a price range of more than £30, but has high customer ratings
Blue Spice is located in the Riverside area of town, offering cheap meals in a family friendly environment.  We have an excellent 5 out of 5 rating.  We hope to see you soon.
Rated 3 out of 5 by customers the Wildwood Pub, serves Italian food at moderate prices.
There is a kid friendly 1 star Japanese place near Ranch.  It is called Cotto.
Located in the city centre, The Rice Boat serves fast food and offers high prices, a child free atmosphere and fair customer ratings. It is near the Express by Holiday Inn.
The Green Man is a restaurant in the riverside area of the city.
In the high price range is a coffee shop called Giraffe. It is located near The Bakers and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. This coffee shop is child friendly.
In riverside, there's a kid friendly Fast-food place called Browns Cambridge near The Sorrento.
In the city center area is where The Phoenix is located. There French food ranging less than £20, and a low customer rating.
The Eagle is a French coffee shop located in riverside near Burger King. It has a low customer rating, not kid friendly and costs more than £30.
The Wildwood pub has an average customer rating and offers French cuisine for £20 and under
An average rated, kids friendly, relatively affordable Fitzbillies, is nearby Express by Holiday Inn.
There is a pub called Giraffe which is not far away which serves fine wine,
Loch Fyne in riverside near The Rice Boat has customer ratings of 5 out of 5 and offers Japanese food.
The Blue Spice offers Fast food in riverside for more than £30
Enjoy lunch at the Cocum coffee shop. Not family oriented and not handicap accessible.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop providing Japanese food in the moderate price range. It is located in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine adults only
Green Man is a riverside area restaurant that is family friendly with pricing less than £20.
Rated 3 out of 5 by customers,  Fitzbillies Indian coffee shop is moderately priced and kid friendly.
The Alimentum serves Japanese food for less then £20, and they are very friendly and they are located by the riverside.
Try Cocum, a child-friendly restaurant. Customers give it a 3 out of 5 rating,
Check out Strada, the French pub, located near Yippee Noodle Bar. Rated 3 out of 5
With a a high price range, located in the city centre near Express by Holiday Inn, The Rice Boat offers English food with an average customer rating. It is not children friendly.
There is a coffee shop named Cotto near The Portland Arms in the centre of the city. It serves Italian food at less than £20.
Riverside the rice boat near Express by Holiday inn,serves English food, has a high price rate and a star rating of 1 to 5, its child-friendly.
Alimentum is located near Yippee Noodle Bar in the City centre
Cotto serves fast food and is located near Café Rouge.
Clowns is a pub in the Riverside area.  It is pricey but highly regarded.
The Cambridge Blue is near the Café Brazil and serves fast food pub style for under L20.
Cocum is a fine French coffee shop.  It is expensive, not child friendly and doesn't get good reviews.
A family friendly three-star  coffee shop called Zizzi is located in the northwestern corner of the City Centre.
The Vaults is near Café Brazil and is expensive and has one star.
There is a mid-range priced coffee shop named Wildwood located on Ranch. Wildwood is rated one star.
In Riverside there is a place called Fitzbillies, it's a coffee shop style Indian food place with cheap prices and an average rating, it isn't family friendly however.
In the city centre is child friendly French restaurant, Green Man. With a mid price point it is near All Bar One.
There is an average Italian coffee shop, near Clare Hall in the riverside, named Clowns.
The Plough is a pub for adults to enjoy average priced Chinese food. It is Near Café Rouge.
Giraffe is a restaurant near The Six Bells in the price range of £20-25.
The Eagle is a highly rated coffee shop in the City Centre near Burger King. It is aimed at older upper class people serving fantastic coffee and delicious French Food.
Aromi is a coffee shop providing Indian food It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is average.
There is a low priced family restaurant near the river called The Waterman.
The Vaults is a coffee shop based in the city centre near Café Brazil.  It has an average customer rating serving inexpensive food.
Bibimbap House serves Chinese food in the City center near Clare Hall. It is the medium price range.
The Eagle is a coffee shop that offers Italian food with high ratings and is children friendly.  It can be found near Burger King in the city Centre area. Price range is more than £30.
Yes, there is a children-friendly Fast food place called Cotto, it's got an average customer rating, it's near Ranch.
Browns Cambridge, a service of Fast food in the riverside, close to The Sorrento
Strada is a fast food place that costs more then £30 and child friendly with a high customer rating and is located near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
The Dumpling Tree is a Chinese restaurant that has average Cambridge prices.
The Rice Boat provides Chinese food in the high price range. It is located in the riverside. It is near Express by Holiday Inn. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Rice Boat is a Chinese restaurant that is cheap and rated average by customers and it is in riverside. It is family friendly and near the Express by Holiday Inn.
A cheap place to eat, but highly rated - 5 out of 5,  is the Chinese restaurant, The Waterman,  near the riverside.  It is not family friendly.
In riverside are, there is a coffee shop of Italian food named Aromi. It has high customer rating and children friendly.
The family friendly Cocum, is a low rated Italian coffee shop, that offer food for less that £20.
The Punter is a coffee shop serving low priced fast food. It is family friendly and has a rating of 5 out of 5. It is located  near Café Sicilia.
The Golden Curry restaurant offers a kid friendly dining experience. It is located near The Six Bells.
Zizzi offers a kids friendly environment in which one could enjoy Italian food served pub style
The Phoenix is a low customer rating Fast food restaurant located in the city.
A family friendly place is Clowns.  It's cheap.  It's near Café Sicilia.
Green Man provides Chinese food in the £20-25 price range. It is located in the riverside. It is near All Bar One.
You can find a child friendly pub close to The Portland Arms it is called The Dumpling Tree and they sell Fast food
In the city centre there is a cheap coffee shop with average customer ratings. It's called The Eagle and is family-friendly, located near Burger King.
There is an above average priced coffee shop called The Wrestlers, located near Raja Indian Cuisine in riverside. The venue is child friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a restaurant providing refine food in the mid price range. It is located in the city centre.
The Rice Boat is an adult only Chinese restaurant with a 1 out of 5 customer rating. It is located near the Express by Holiday Inn in Riverside and is moderately priced.
Aromi serves wine and cheese, and has riverfront views.
Aromi is a coffee shop providing Indian food It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is low.
if you are looking for a place the does Japanese food there is a place near The Rice Boat in the city centre called Bibimbap House
The Waterman is a low-priced restaurant, located in riverside area, with a low Customer rating.
With a customer rating of 3 out of 5, The Wrestlers serves English food with a moderate price range. It is kid friendly.
Alimentum is a non family-friendly place located in the city centre where you can eat Japanese food for less than £20.
The Waterman has a low customer rating . it is in riverside . it is not family friendly.
The Wrestlers is a cheap English restaurant with an average customer rating. It is not family-friendly.
The Giraffe restaurant offers good French food with a kid friendly area. Located in the riverside area is a pub, The Giraffe.
The Golden Palace is a low rated restaurant near the riverside.
Bibimbap House has Indian food and is located in the riverside area near The Rice Boat.
Taste of Cambridge is a kids-friendly coffee shop located in riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel. Fast food
A medium price range, decent reviews, and being kid friendly makes Chinese food great. The Rice Boat is located by Express by Holiday Inn.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Indian food in the cheap price range. It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is average.
In riverside area there is cheap pub, called The Mill, that serves Italian food.
The Eagle is a restaurant located in the area of Riverside with a price range of moderate and has a customer rating of 3-5.
The Rice Boat provides Chinese food It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is average.
Located near Express by Holiday Inn, is a kids friendly restaurant named The Plough.
Browns Cambridge is in the city centre near The Sorrento. It offers Italian food and is family-friendly.
In Riverside there is a family friendly Japanese pub called Giraffe.
The Alimentum is child friendly and located in the riverside area. It serves French food ranging more than £30.
The Golden Palace in the city centre is an expensive coffee shop, which serves Italian food with an average rating.
Green Man provides Indian food in the moderate price range. It is located in the riverside. It is near All Bar One.
The three star coffee shop, The Eagle, gives families an mid-priced dining experience featuring a variety of wines and cheeses.  Find The Eagle near Burger King.
Located in the city centre near Café Rouge, Green Man is a French food serving pub.
Green Man is a pub serving Italian selections.  It is located in the riverside area near Café Rouge.
The Waterman, near Crowne Plaza Hotel, serves Chinese food. They are not family friendly.
Browns Cambridge near The Sorrento is highly recommended, it offers delicious Japanese food and is suitable for all the family, with beautiful views of the riverside.
There is a cheap family friendly Japanese coffee shop, The Wrestlers in Riverside, near Raja Indian Cuisine.
Blue Spice  is located north of the city centre, near Avalon. It is a moderately priced river-side coffee shop.
family-friendly Blue Spice is located near the center of the city. This restaurant has an average rating and is priced less than 20.
Customers rate Strada highly.  It is an English pub near Yippee Noodle Bar.
There is a pub in Riverside called 'The Waterman' offering French food that received a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Loch Fyne is a restaurant with Japanese food that is kid friendly and priced around £20-25.
Bibimbap House is a fast food restaurant in the city centre. It is located near to The Rice Boat.
The adult only coffee shop, The Giraffe, situated near The Bakers, has a 3 out of 5 rating and you can eat for under £25
The Twenty Two has Fast food and is children-friendly
The Golden Curry, near The Bakers, is a mid priced fast food restaurant that is not child friendly.
Wildwood pub is cheap and has mixed review.
The Golden Curry Chinese restaurant scores highly on customer rating with 5 out of 5 and is family friendly.
Indian food with an average customer review in the high price range can be found in the city centre at The Phoenix.
Clowns is coffee shop which provides range of Japanese food locate by riverside near Clare Hall,  and customer rating is 5.
Located near Café Brazil is a pub  called The Cambridge Blue.  It is more highly priced and serves Italian food.
A pub with a high rating near the Ranch is The Cricketers.
Close to Café Rouge at the riverside is the well-recognized The Golden Curry, a children-friendly restaurant providing English food.
Found near the river The Waterman pub has decent ratings.
Blue Spice is a coffee shop that is not kids friendly. Located in a city centre near Avalon. Has a 5 out of 5 customer rating. There price range is more then 30 dollars.
Fitzbillies is located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café with prices around £20--25.
The  restaurant The Punter serves moderately priced Indian food.
There is a pub called The Dumpling Tree located near The Portland Arms that provides Indian food in a family friendly environment.
There is a pub in the city centre that serves Italian food called The Mill.  Pricing ranges below £20.
Fitzbillies is located near Express by Holiday Inn, it is high priced gut has a 3 out of 5 rating and is children friendly.
One star Alimentum sells cheap fast food. it is located near to Yippee Noodle Bar along the riverside.
In the city centre by the Yippee Noodle Bar, Alimentum is a high priced Indian food restaurant that is rated by its customers as 1 out of 5.
Children are welcomed at The Golden Curry. It serves Italian food at quite reasonable prices, and is located near The Bakers.
The Rice Boat is a high end restaurant. It is located in city centre near Express by Holiday Inns. It has high priced Indian food and is kid friendly.
The Eagle is a low-priced restaurant in the city centre that delivers take-away, near Burger King.
There is a family friendly Indian restaurant in the city centre, The Waterman, which has moderate menu prices and a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Cotto is a very affordable coffee shop in City centre near The Portland Arms.
Fitzbillies serves wonderful sushi restaurant located close to The Six Bells.
A Fast food restaurant with a 1 out of 5 rating is called The Cambridge Blue
The Waterman Fast food restaurant build near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Browns Cambridge is an Italian restaurant near The Sorrento in the Riverside area. It is kid friendly.
The Waterman is an Indian pub in the city centre that is rated 5 out of 5 by its customers.
Strada a Chinese is near Rainbow Vegetarian Café. It's more than £30 but it is child friendly and is highly customer rated.
The Rice Boat has a price range of less than £20 and its customer rating is low. It is not family friendly. It is near the riverside and is also near Express by Holiday Inn.
For Italian food in a riverside location try The Rice Boat.
The Wrestlers is a family-friendly coffee shop with a  low price range in the northern City Centre next to Raja Indian Cuisine.
Cocum is a coffee shop serving Italian food and is priced low with 1 out of 5 stars. It is family friendly.
The Green Man is located north of the city center., close to All Bar One and has a view of the river. They offer a family friendly menu and environment, with inexpensive prices to match.
Alimentum is a fast food restaurant along the riverside near the Yippee Noodle Bar.  They are mid-priced and have a five-star rating.
Strada, located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café, serves Italian food. It is in the moderate price range and is not kid-friendly. It has a 3 out of 5 customer rating.
There is a family-friendly Chinese restaurant near the Crowne Plaza Hotel called The Waterman.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop providing Indian food It is located in the riverside. It is near Crowne Plaza Hotel. Its customer rating is low.
Zizzi pub is a cheap fast food pub. It is not a family friendly pub.
The Cricketers coffee shop offers a variety of sushi and coffee for you to enjoy. It is located in The Portland Arms.
Strada is a French pub near Yippee Noodle Bar. Customer rating is 1 out of 5.
There is a Fast food restaurant called Alimentum in the price range cheap, near The Yippee Noodle Bar in the riverside area.
Cotto coffee shop is located in the city centre, near The Portland Arms.  It offers French food with an average rating and a less than £20 price range.
The Punter coffee shop, located next to Café Sicilia,  three star family friendly restaurant
Midsummer House is a below average but expensive French restaurant near All Bar One.
A moderately priced option is The Eagle on the riverside, customers rate is 1 out of 5
Located in the city centre, The Golden Palace is a good Indian eatery and coffee shop.
Near Burger King in the city centre is a cheap 5 star Japanese coffee shop, The Eagle
In the riverside area, there is a Fast-food pub called The Olive Grove that has a price range of less than 20 pounds, but is not family-friendly.
The Rice Boat serves English food at a high price range but it is customer rated average, children friendly, and located riverside near the Express by Holiday Inn.
Located near All Bar One, Midsummer House offers Italian food for less than £20 with a low customer rating.
The Vaults is an establishment that serves a variety of cheese and wines. The Vaults is not family friendly.
The Strada is a Pub restaurant serving French Cuisine. It is located near to the Yippee Noodle Bar, and has a Customer Rating of 5 out of 5.
Serving Chinese food over £30 in the city centre, The Phoenix has a high customer rating.
There is a cheap pub in the heart of the city called Wildwood.
Zizzi is a pub that offers fast food and is family friendly.
With an average price range of more than £30 the Fast food restaurant, Browns Cambridge, still has a low customer rating.
A family-friendly coffee shop named Fitzbillies is located in the city centre area. It has a low customer rating with fast food and a price range less then£20.
The Waterman is an Italian restaurant located by the riverside with a price range of 20-25L. This is a kids friendly place and its customer rating is high.
Cotto is a restaurant that serves Italian food. It's located near Café Rouge.
The Eagle coffee shop offers excellent value for money and an excellent service backed up by its 5 out of 5 customer ratings. Located in Riverside next to Burger King its ideal for those wanting a quick bite to eat.
At Alimentum one can get English food in city centre at a spot for less than £20, although it is not family-friendly.
French food is served at Loch Fyne. It is a child friendly restaurant.
The Vaults is an Italian restaurant that is kid friendly in the 20-25 price range.
Strada near Rainbow Vegetarian Café has an average customer Rating  serving  children friendly Fast food with a high price range.
The Twenty Two pub near Café Sicilia at the riverside has an average customer rating.
Near the city centre, The Eagle is a coffee shop providing Indian cuisine.  They charge higher prices and have high customer ratings.  They do not allow children.  They can be found near Burger King.
The Twenty Two is a family friendly French restaurant near the riverside area.
You can eat exceptional American cuisine at the Midsummer House restaurant. The restaurant charges higher prices for its quality and is located at All Bar One.
The Punter a kids friendly restaurant with moderate prices  near the riverside area by The Portland Arms.
A coffee shop with Japanese cuisine - The Golden Palace in the riverside area is child friendly, fairly priced and has a good rating.
Aromi is a pub located by the riverside, with a children friendly environment despite its low customer ratings.
The Eagle coffee shop it a  cheap and a family friendly place situated down the riverside near Burger King. This is the main reason for receiving a 5 out of 5 customer rating score.
A family friendly coffee shop near Avalon on in riverside with a low customer rating and low price range of less than £20 is Blue Spice.
The Rice Boat offers cheap English food in Express by Holiday Inn in city centre.
Bibimbap House located near Clare Hall offers cheap fast food.
Expect nothing less than the usual restaurant quality at Wildwood located by Café Rouge.
Blue Spice is a place providing sushi in the medium price range. It is located at the north of city centre.
There is a kids friendly restaurant, Loch Fyne that serves Chinese food priced between £20-25.
The Rice Boat sells Indian food, 3 out of 5 customer rating, located in Riverside, child friendly
If you are looking for a cheap Italian restaurant,  try Loch Fyne.  Yes, families are welcome.
The Rice Boat is an Italian restaurant located in Riverside. It has a 5 out of 5 rating, but is not family-friendly.
Cotto is a three star family friendly restaurant, located just north of Ranch.
The Vaults is a kid friendly place serving Japanese food with a price range of £20-25.
Cotto is a kid friendly English restaurant near Ranch. They have a moderate rating.
The Olive Grove is a pub in the riverside area servicing Italian food in the moderate price range and family friendly.
A coffee shop, The Mill, near The Sorrento in Riverside has some Japanese food for under £20.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop, a child friendly venue in the city centre serving high priced Italian food based in the city centre with an average customer rating.
The family-friendly restaurant The Wrestlers, while rated low by customers, offers English food priced at less than £20.
Loch Fyne is an Italian restaurant with a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is located in the city centre near The Rice Boat.
The Golden Palace coffee Shop providing Fast Food. It is located in riverside area. Have 5 out of 5 costumer rating. High range price.
Indian food in less than £20, is offered by a coffee shop named The Eagle, it is family friendly with low customer rating and situated in riverside near Burger King.
The Cambridge Blue restaurant sells Chinese food. The customer rating is currently low.
The Rice Boat serves Chinese food in the riverside area and has a 5 out of 5 customer rating but it is not family friendly
The Plough is a child friendly pub serving French food. It is located near Café Rouge and is mid range in price.
The Vaults is a fast food restaurant.
There is a family-friendly pub named The Plough near Café Rouge that has the price range less than £20
The English restaurant The Waterman in Riverside has an average rating, moderate prices and is not kid friendly.
Giraffe is a child friendly coffee shop that is moderately priced and is near The Bakers. its customer rating is 1  out of 5.
The Wrestlers serves Chinese food with a high customer rating. Location is not family friendly, price range is more than L30.
French food Midsummer House positive customer rating near Café Rouge.
The Waterman is a highly rated, reasonably priced Italian place on the riverside.
Cocum is a great pub, kid friendly and customer rate it to be a 1 out of 5 and the price range is moderate rating.
The Green Man in the riverside area is near the All Bar One. It is family friendly, serves English food and the price range is cheap
There is a one star coffee shop Cotto  in the City centre near The Portland Arms. It offers mid priced fast food.
Close to Café Sicilia, The Punter is a coffee shop serving mid-price fast food in a family atmosphere.
Blue Spice is a kid friendly coffee shop in city centre near Avalon.  It has moderate pricing and 1 out of 5 rating.
No, Aromi not sell pub, and its Fast food located in the riverside with rank 5 out of 5
Near riverside its located The Olive Grove, moderate public restaurant Fast food
There is a Japanese restaurant called Loch Fyne which is kid friendly.
Although the customer rating is low, The Rice Boat near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café costs less than £20.
Wildwood is an Italian pub with high customer ratings offering items in the £20-25 price range.
The Cocum is an expensive coffee shop offering food for the whole family.
Near the riverside, there is a family friendly French food restaurant named The Rice Boat, which has a customer rating of five out of five.
rated average by customers, the places name is The Waterman in the riverside area, This is a Italian pub.
A coffee shop that serves French food and that is kids friendly is Cocum, the price range is moderate and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5
Providing cheaply priced Fast food and located near the city centre, The Golden Palace is a coffee shop that is rated 5 out of 5.
The Plough is a family-friendly restaurant near the Express by Holiday Inn
With a low customer rating, The Eagle serves French food.
With a customer rating of 5 out of 5, the Travellers Rest Beefeater is located near Café Adriatic in the riverside area. Prices are more than £30.
Cocum is a pub which, yes, allows kids. The price range is from £20-25 and it has a customer satisfaction rating of 3 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is an average rating cheap Fast food coffee shop in the city centre.
A restaurant named The Rice Boat is not family-friendly. It is located in the city centre area. It has English food and an average customer rating.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop that is family-friendly they serve fast food that is in City center that is near Crowne Plaza Hotel that has a low customer rating.
The Golden Curry is a children friendly restaurant with moderate price range serves English food located near The Bakers
The Vaults is a restaurant that offers English food.
There is a pub, The Mill,  located near the river that serves food and drinks.
Browns Cambridge has a low rating and is a high priced restaurant.
The Golden Curry is a fast food restaurant which is kid friendly and has a customer of 1 out of 5
The Mill pub serves Japanese food in the riverside area with a price range of 20-25 pounds.
A coffee shop that sells cheap food would be the Blue Spice. They are not kid friendly and yet they have earned a 5 out of 5 rating. They are located near Avalon near the riverside.
The Phoenix has Indian food in the cheap price Range, with a customer Rating of 5 out of 5, in the city centre.
Near The Bakers is Giraffe. It is a kid friendly, 5-5 customer rated, high priced coffee shop.
Midsummer House, a fast food restaurant, is located near Café Rouge and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Close to the Express by Holiday Inn is The Rice Boat Italian restaurant.  The price range is high, the customer rating is average and they're not known for being children friendly.
The Zizzi is an English pub that is kid friendly and has high customer rating.
A good Italian restaurant in the riverside area is called The Rice Boat .The atmosphere is excellent for children  and with good prices. Plus every loves it.
The Olive Grove is a non family-friendly pub offering low price food. It is located by the riverside.
Near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area is a family friendly coffee shop serving Fast food with a customer rating of average named Browns Cambridge.
The Golden Curry is  a low priced English restaurant located near The Bakers. It is not family-friendly.
This cheap Japanese restaurant, The Rice Boat, near Express by Holiday Inn in riverside is family friendly. It has a lovely atmosphere  and average ratings.
The Dumpling Tree is a restaurant with  Japanese food for good prices.
Next to Burger King there is a coffee shop called The Eagle that sells Italian food, it is five star rated, medium priced and family friendly.
Located near The Portland Arms, in the city centre, Cotto is a coffee shop which serves Indian food at less than £20. It has low customer ratings.
The Eagle is a family friendly coffee shop serving food. Located next to Burger King.
In riverside the coffee shop near The Portland Arms called Cotto has prices less than £20 and has an average customer rating.
Cocum is a kids-friendly restaurant with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Eagle, situated near Burger King in the city centre, is an Indian food selling coffee shop, with a high customer rating due to the price range of more than £30, not child friendly.
High class falsehood coffee house Wildwood located near the Ranch.
The Green Man is situated near All Bar One in the city centre. At less than £20 its prices are highly competitive for the French food it serves. Yes to families.
Blue Spice is a restaurant that has an English style menu but a high price. It's is located at the area of the riverside.
Near Rainbow Vegetarian Café, there is a cheap family-friendly restaurant called Strada. It serves British food and has a customer rating of three out of five.
Wildwood is a coffee shop near Ranch with an average price range and a high customer rating.
If you're looking for a Japanese restaurant by the riverside, The Rice Boat offers a children-free atmosphere and is located near the Express by Holiday Inn. The prices ranges more than £30, but customers rave about it, rating it a 5 out of 5.
Visit the Clowns pub in the city centre. While a little pricey, it is top-rated by customers.
Near Express by Holiday Inn is Fitzbillies. It has moderate prices and it child friendly with 3 out 5 ratings.
A kid-friendly Italian restaurant Green Man is located in the riverside area near All Bar One. It is in the moderate price range.
Alimentum is a Japanese food venue, which is highly rated. It caters for a budget between £20 and £25. It is near the Yippee Noodle Bar in the riverside area.
Yes, there is a high rated kids friendly coffee shop, Cocum, they serve Indian food and has a price range of £20-25.
Nearby the city centre and Yippee Noodle Bar is a cheap, one star fast food restaurant called Alimentum.
Eat in Loch Fyne a restaurant kid-friendly serving Italian food
There is a pub called The Mill that offers Chinese food where one can eat for less than £20. It is located in the city centre.
In the Riverside area you'll find Bibimbap House. They serve fast food near The Rice Boat.
The Wrestlers, is a fast food place that welcomes families.
If you're in the riverside area, near Café Sicilia, come check out The Twenty Two pub. We have a 1 out of 5 customer rating.
Near the Crown Plaza Hotel is The Waterman, which provides English food and a kid-friendly setting.
The Eagle, located near Burger King in the city centre, is a French coffee shop with has an average customer rating, a less than £20 price range, but is family-friendly.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop providing Fast food in the moderate price range, It is situated in the riverside area and has a customer Rating of 3 out of 5.
There is a coffee shop called Aromi which is by the river and close to the city centre.  It is rated one star and is family friendly.
Cocum is a fast food, child friendly coffee shop. it has a price range of £30 and high customer ratings.
A new place near the riverside called The Eagle is now open. The prices start with 30 £ and the rating is 5 out of 5.
Café Rouge is a restaurant in Wildwood with a rating 5 out of 5.
In the city centre, with a 1 out of 5 rating, The Golden Palace is a coffee shop that serves moderately priced fast food.
The Twenty Two is a Japanese restaurant that is family friendly.
The Golden Curry is near The Bakers and serves inexpensive  French food.  It is not a family-friendly venue.
Fitzbillies is a beautiful coffee that offers breakfast and a wide range of foods of choice is located in riverside France also have a park for children
A poor quality coffee shop is Zizzi and it is not family friendly and has above average pricing.
Moderately priced French food is served at The Phoenix in the city centre.  Customers rate the food 1 out of 5.
Zizzi coffee shop in city centre is non family-friendly and has a low customer rating. It has a price range of less than £20.
The Golden Curry offers Chinese food in a family friendly atmosphere with a low customer rating.
You can find Chinese food at The Waterman, near the Crowne Plaza Hotel . The Waterman is not family friendly.
Midsummer House  has a five star rating  and can easily be  found right by Café Rouge.
The Eagle is a 1-star rated noodle place.
The Mill is a coffee shop serving Indian food neat The Sorrento in the city centre. It is high cost.
The Waterman is a pub. It is located in riverside area. have 3 out of 5 costumer rating.
Italian food is served at a restaurant called The Vaults.
They said yes at the food French in the riverside only The Twenty Two.
The Rice Boat is a French restaurant with no less than £20 and low rank, its located in the city centre on the side Express by Holiday Inn
Near Café Rouge is a French pub called The Plough that is family friendly and in the less than 20 pounds price range.
A coffee shop on the riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel with an average rating serving French food, called Browns Cambridge, it is kid Friendly.
Located in city centre, The Phoenix received a 5 out of 5 customer rating. They are a French restaurant.
Loch Fyne is a restaurant providing low quality food. It is located in the north city after The Rice Boat
The restaurant Loch Fyne serves English style food and has a child-friendly atmosphere.
Strada, good food at cheap prices. nearby is the Rainbow Vegetarian Café. Children welcome.
Down the road from St. John's College lies The Waterman, a legendary restaurant provides the highest quality food in a family environment.
Fitzbillies is a poorly rated fast food coffee shop in the city centre.  It is in the moderate price range and is not child-friendly.
Clowns is a non-family-friendly restaurant near Café Sicilia.  It has a price range more than L30.
Cotto the coffee shop is close to The Portland Arms by the riverside. They provide Italian and have a high customer rating with a price range of £20-25.
The Phoenix is a five-star rated restaurant near the River Cam in Cambridge. It that serves a traditional English breakfast.
The Golden Palace, is a cheap coffee shop, featuring French food right in Riverside and rated 5 out of 5.
There is an Italian restaurant near Café Rouge called Midsummer House. It has received a low customer rating.
Cotto, located north of the city center near The Portland Arms, is a low priced coffee shop.
There is a cheap coffee shop located in riverside named Clowns. It has an average customer rating due to the rather dull tasting French food and it's location, situated just near Clare Hall.
An Italian restaurant in the city centre near the Yippee Noodle Bar is called Alimentum.  Is has an average customer rating, and a cheap price range.
An adult oriented, moderately priced Italian restaurant called The Golden Curry is located near The Bakers.
The Rice Boat is a kid friendly, highly priced and rated Japanese restaurant in the city center near Express by Holiday Inn.
Loch Fyne Indian restaurant offers food priced in the £20 to  £25 range and is kid-friendly.
Adult friendly, highly rated and located in the city centre, The Watermans offers cheap Chinese food.
A high price place in Riverside is Blue Spice.
There is a high rated fast food pub on the riverside area called The Waterman
Try Cotto near The Portland Arms of riverside, with an average customer rating you can enjoy good prices on fast food in a coffee shop setting.
In the city center there is a low-priced English food place called 'Blue Spice'.
A French Pub named The Dumpling Tree is located near The Portland Arms. They are child friendly.
Cotto is coffee shop offers Fast food. Customer ratings are high. It is located in the city center. Prices are more than £ 30. The Café is located close to The Portland Arms.
Kids are welcome at The Twenty Two which serves English food.
For moderately priced Chinese food try The Punter.
There is an Indian restaurant called The Golden Curry near Café Rouge in riverside. It has an average customer rating and is not family friendly.
The Vaults is a cheap family friendly restaurant.
The Vaults is a family friendly fast food restaurant offering cheap food.
The Phoenix is a fast food place in the riverside. It has a moderate price range and customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Blue Spice is a moderate priced restaurant located in riverside.
The Waterman is a kid-friendly place that serves English food. It is located in Riverside and has a moderate price range. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Loch Fyne is a kid friendly French restaurant.
The Phoenix is a Chinese restaurant located in the city centre with a low customer rating.
Wildwood is an Italian coffee Shop near The Ranch serving high priced food. It has a rating of 5 out of 5.
Taste of Cambridge is a moderate priced restaurant with a 1 out of 5 customer rating.
The Blue Spice coffee shop, near Avalon on the riverside, may have a low customer rating but it is known for being kid friendly. Price range is greater than £30.
Blue Spice is located near the river is a cheap Italian restaurant
The Golden Curry serves English style food near Café Rouge. It is child friendly and has an average consumer rating.
There is  a cheap restaurant called The Rice Boat located near the city centre. It is children friendly, has a price range more than 3 pounds, with a 5 out of 5 rating. It is located near Express by Holiday Inn.
In riverside, near Clare Hall, is an Indian restaurant named Bibimbap House, it has a price range of 20-25 pounds.
Strada Indian Pub is near Yippee Noodle Bar. It has a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
The Phoenix serves cheap Chinese food with average customer ratings in the riverside area.
Alimentum is a riverside Italian restaurant rated 1 out 5. But don't let that scare you away as we have a moderate price range located near Yippee Noodle Bar.
Blue Spice is high price range in riverside.
Cocum is a family-friendly pub with prices less than £20. It has a low customer rating.
The Eagle is a coffee shop. It has a moderate price range and it sells French food. It is kids friendly and has a 1 out of 5 rating. It is in the city centre near Burger King.
There is a cheap restaurant called, Fitzbillies coffee Shop that offers burgers.
When you are in Ranch, be sure to stop in at Wildwood, an inexpensive coffee shop that had great food offerings as well.
At The Dumpling Tree you can eat in or drink at the pub but yes it is family friendly that serves Italian food near The Portland Arms
Browns Cambridge is a wine tasting restaurant located near The Sorrento. It does not provide a family-friendly environment.
In the riverside area is The Waterman which serves Indian food. It isn't kid friendly and also has a low customer rating.
The Rice Boat provides Indian food in the city centre.
Green Man is a non kids friendly Indian restaurant that is moderately-priced and is located in the riverside area near the All Bar One.
The Wildwood coffee shop is a French food themed establishment in a price range below £20. It is located near the Ranch.
Clowns is a pub located in the city centre with a low customer rating and a lower than average price range.
The Punter, a  family friendly 5-star burger and coffee shop at a fair price, located near Café Sicilia.
The Olive Grove is a pub located in the city centre serving French food at a moderate price.
The Rice Boat is located in the riverside area near the Express by Holiday Inn.  It is children friendly and offers Chinese food at a high price range with an average customer rating.
The Punter has a moderate price range and serves fast food.
A child friendly pub Cocum is rated good by customers with food moderately priced.
Near Burger King, at Riverside, there's a coffee shop that serves French food named The Eagle. It has a low customer rating, is not child-friendly, and it costs more than £30 to eat there.
In the Riverside area with a customer rating of 3 out or 5  is a very kids friendly Italian food location called The Rice Boat
The Wrestlers is a moderate priced Fast food coffee shop in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is kid friendly.
The Waterman is a child friendly restaurant situated near the Crown Plaza Hotel.
The Golden Palace coffee shop is serving pasta in the City centre area.  Rated 1 out of 5 with a high priced average meal.
Fitzbillies is a cheap coffee shop in the city centre. It offers French food and is family-friendly with a 5 out of 5 rating.
There is family friendly, high priced restaurant in the City centre called Blue Spice.  It has a one star rating.
The Punter is a coffee shop providing family-style dining in the low price range. It is located close to the Café Sicilia.
A coffee shop that is cheaply priced and highly rated by customers of 5 out of 5 is Blue Spice. It is located in the center of the city near Avalon but is not kid friendly.
The Twenty Two has a customer rating of 5 out of 5, is is family friendly and is cheap. It is near The Rice Boat in the riverside area.
The Phoenix is located in the city centre and has decent reviews for it's higher priced fast food.
Located along the riverside, near The Sorrento, is Japanese venue Browns Cambridge, which also offers a kid friendly environment.
There is a Chinese restaurant called Midsummer House that is rated average by customers. It is near All Bar One and has a high price range.
Located on the riverside, Zizzi  is a restaurant with prices typically more than £30.
The Rice Boat serves Indian food. The price range is cheap. The customer rating is 5 out of 5. It is located in the city centre near Express by Holiday Inn. It is family friendly
5 star budget Fitzbillies family friendly venue located near the Express by Holiday Inn.
Browns Cambridge is a sushi restaurant with a 5 out of 5 star rating. The price range is high.
An expensive but child friendly place named The Vaults serves Chinese food.
The Italian restaurant, The Wrestlers, is moderately priced, not good for kids and get 3 out of 5 stars.
For more than £30, near The Portland Arms, in the riverside, there is a coffee shop that offers French food. It's called Cotto and its customer rating is low
The Waterman is a riverside Italian restaurant, it is cheap in price but not child friendly. Available customer reviews rate The Waterman as average.
If you're in near The Bakers with you're kids and are looking for a place to spend £20-25 on Indian food, The Golden Curry is an option.
Near Burger King is a Japanese coffee shop called The Eagle  by the riverside which is family friendly and is less than £20 with an average customer rating
If you are looking for a family friendly Indian place in riverside, with a price range of less than £20, go near All Bar One and check out Green Man.
Green Man provides Indian food in the high price range. It is located in the city centre. It is near All Bar One.
Located near The Bakers is Giraffe, a family friendly coffee shop.
In the city centre is The Phoenix.  It offers cheap English food and has an average rating.
The Strada is a family restaurant with only 1 star rating and very expensive. It's near to Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
There is a Chinese restaurant called The Rice Boat which has high customer rating and it's price range is more than £30. This restaurant is children friendly and it is located in the city center which is near Express by Holiday Inn.
The pub Zizzi has French food for sale however the customer rating low but is it children friendly yes.
In Riverside there is a area pub, called The Twenty Two, located near Café Sicilia and is rated 1 out of 5
No, Zizzi coffee shop in the riverside its not high price range but only £20-25
The Golden Curry is a French restaurant in the low price range. Is is located in The Bakers.
The Mill is a coffee shop and can eat  Italian food.  It is located in area of  Riverside, near The Sorrento.
The Mill is a Fast food coffee shop located in riverside area, near The Sorrento. its price range is high.
The Rice Boat offers Italian food in the riverside area near the Express by Holiday Inn.
There is a pub, The Plough, serving English food near Café Rouge that is not children friendly with prices less than £20.
The Vaults is a coffee shop near Café Brazil. It is in riverside area. Customers rate is 1 out of 5 and price range is high.
Fitzbillies has a  price range of more than £30, but a 5 out of 5 customer rating and is near The Express by Holiday Inn
Receiving a customer rating of 3 out of 5, this restaurant is found in the Riverside area.  The coffee shop is not family-friendly, price range is between £20-25 and is named Fitzbillies, serving French cuisine.
The Cricketers is a coffee shop that also serves fast food. With an average customer rating, it is located near The Portland Arms and is not family-friendly.
Cocum is an Indian coffee shop.  It is not family friendly, but it has a cheap price range and an average customer rating.
The Dumpling Tree pub is not family-friendly. It offers Japanese food and is located near The Portland Arms.
Bibimbap House is an Indian restaurant in the city centre, located near to The Rice Boat.
Loch Fyne is a restaurant that serves breakfast food and is family friendly.
If your looking for a moderately priced place to eat, Browns Cambridge has average ratings.
Browns Cambridge welcomes you to come check out their average rating Italian coffee shop, found near Crowne Plaza Hotel at thee riverside. A really family friendly place to be.
The Punter has English food for a cheap price.
The Vaults restaurant has Italian food.
Cocum is a Japanese coffee shop which is not child friendly. It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5. The price range is high.
Clowns is located at the city centre near Clare Hall. It is a coffee shop that serves Italian food with a low customer rating.
The Vaults provides French food at a high price range. It is also children friendly.
Find low cost English food at The Wrestlers a place for family's with the best ratings.
Fitzbillies is located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café and provides deals at a price range of £20-25.
The Cambridge Blue, located near Café Brazil, is a pub with prices ranging less than £20. It serves Japanese food.
The Waterman is a family friendly restaurant that serves high rated, £20-25 Chinese food in the city centre.
By the city centre there is a lowly rated Indian restaurant named The Phoenix.
The Twenty Two is in the riverside area is family friendly and serves French food.
Fitzbillies is the new Italian coffee shop in the city centre, providing upscale products and service for a higher price and great customer satisfaction.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly Italian restaurant.
Taste of Cambridge is not a family-friendly pub. It is situated near The Sorrento at the riverside.
By the riverside is a child friendly coffee shop called Zizzi. Customers have rated the coffee shop as 3 out of 5 and has a high price range.
A family friendly Japanese restaurant, The Vaults, offers food for less than £20.
There is an Italian coffee shop called The Eagle in riverside, near the Burger King. It has a high customer rating with a price range of more than £30 and it is not children friendly.
The Waterman is a Japanese restaurant located at riverside. It is not family-friendly, has a price range greater than 30, and is rated 5 out of 5.
For a child friendly coffee shop in the riverside area, Zizzi is an option. They have a high customer rating and a menu of items greater than £30.
Wildwood is a moderate price Range pub, with 3 out of 5 customer Rating, that serves Indian food.
Riverside has a cheap fast food coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine named The Wrestlers.  It's family-friendly.
Near the Yippee Noodle Bar in the riverside area is Alimentum serving Japanese food. With prices less than £20 and a low customer rating.
The Golden Curry provides Chinese food It is located in the riverside. It is near Café Rouge. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
The Twenty Two offers French food and is not family-friendly.
The Golden Palace is our new Italian coffee shop in the riverside area. High customer ratings and a price range of 20-25 make this place hard to pass up.
Strada has an average customer rating and is not children friendly. It serves English food at a high price range and is located near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
A good family restaurant is Wildwood.
Kid friendly, The Wrestlers serves English food with a moderate price range and a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Waterman is not kid friendly. It serves Japanese food. It is near riverside. It is not kid friendly. It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Eagle is a kid friendly French coffee shop with moderate prices, and a moderate rating. Located in riverside, near Burger King.
The Waterman offers Italian food with a price range less than £20. It has low customer rating and there is no family area. It is located in city centre.
There is a Japanese coffee shop located near The Portland Arms called The Cricketers which is children friendly and rated 3 out of 5
The Midsummer House is a Japanese place near Café Rouge. It only has a 1 out of 5 customer rating.
The Waterman has received low customer ratings for its expensive Indian food in the city centre. It is not child friendly.
The Plough, near Café Rouge, is an English pub for adults and offers low prices.
The city centre has an average restaurant called The Golden Palace.
An expensive, three star rated restaurant that serves breakfast is Browns Cambridge.
Near Clare Hall, in the riverside area, is Bibimbap House which sells Chinese food in the £20-£25 price range
An Indian coffee shop in riverside with a high customer rating, The Eagle, is located near Burger King. The price range is more than 30 pounds and is not child friendly.
Midsummer House is a low price restaurant located  close to All Bar One.
Zizzi is a one star rated pub that is family friendly.
An Italian restaurant called The Wrestlers  is a coffee shop in the area of riverside located near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is a children friendly place with  a high price range of more than £30.
A coffee shop called Fitzbillies is cheap and rated one star and is family friendly
There is a lowly-ranked fast food restaurant near The Rice Boat in the riverside area called Loch Fyne.
Near the riverside is a high rated restaurant. Prices range from £20-25. It is called The Phoenix and it serves Fast food.
The Plough, a child-friendly pub near Café Rouge, offers Japanese food with a price range of £20-£25.
It costs between 20 and 25 pounds to eat at the fast food place Browns Cambridge. It received 3 out of 5 stars.
For an Italian restaurant, try The Cricketers, near All Bar One.
The Twenty Two is a family friendly Chinese.
The Waterman has a price range of £20-25 and is kid friendly yes.
A pub in city centre is called The Olive Grove.
The Wildwood, a high-rated pub which serves Japanese food, offers its meals at the average price range of £20 to £25.
The Twenty Two is a kid-friendly place near The Rice Boat in riverside.
The Wrestlers, a cheap French Café, is family friendly with 5 out of 5 customer ratings.
Not Family-friendly, The Golden Curry is a cheap Japanese restaurant located near The Bakers.
Loch Fyne is a French restaurant with a family setting and perfect on the wallet.
Near Café Sicilia is a coffee shop where families can go called The Punter.  The Punter is moderately priced.
The Golden Curry is a low customer rating family-friendly Japanese restaurant in Riverside near Café Rouge.
The high priced Indian coffee shop The Golden Palace has average ratings and is in the city centre.
A one star rated restaurant called The Cambridge Blue is a great place to go for a quick bite to eat.
There's a cheap restaurant in the centre of the city called The Vaults.
There is an Indian venue with a price range of £20-25 located near Express by Holiday Inn in riverside. It is not kid friendly, has a high customer rating and is called The Rice Boat.
Midsummer House, located near All Bar One, is a high priced, moderately rated, fast food venue.
There is a moderately cheap coffee shop in Riverside near the Raja Indian Cuisine called The Wrestlers.
A Chinese food restaurant with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and is kids friendly in the riverside area near Express by Holiday Inn is The Rice Boat, which has a moderate price.
The Green Man, located on the riverside near All Bar One, serves expensive, but excellent English food.  Families with children are welcome.
The Golden Curry is a fast food restaurant located near Café Rouge. It has a 5 out of 5 rating and is not family-friendly.
Midsummer House is a three star restaurant that is located near Café Rouge.
The riverside Italian restaurant The Golden Curry located near Café Rouge is kid friendly and has a 3 out 5 star rating.
There is a restaurant Zizzi that is a five star pub and Family-Oriented.
People like the Strada restaurant.
The Punter is a site where they sell coffee at an average price average , is located near Café Sicilia.
The riverside pub Green Man serves Fast food. It is located near Café Rouge.
The restaurant Alimentum is  moderately priced located near Yippee Noodle Bar.
The Vaults is a pub at a moderate price range.  It is located near Café Adriatic. It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
There is a cheap restaurant named Strada that has a 3 star rating. It is located less than a mile from Rainbow Vegetarian Café
Located near Café Rouge is Midsummer House, which serves Chinese. It has a low customer rating.
The Punter is a coffee shop which provides Indian food. It has a price range which is moderate. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is not kids friendly and it is near Café Sicilia.
Situated in the city centre near All Bar One, Green Man offers Japanese food priced at less than £20. The restaurant is not family-friendly.
The Phoenix is an Italian restaurant in the riverside area with an average customer rating.
The Olive Grove is a child-friendly pub in the riverside district. It offers French cuisine at reasonable prices, typically between £20 to £25.
Near The Bakers is The Golden Curry. It serves Indian food with a moderate price range. It is not kid friendly.
Although moderately priced and rated a 3 out of 5, The Twenty Two is not kid friendly. It is located in riverside near The Rice Boat.
Food at the pub, Giraffe is family friendly and by the riverside.
Clowns is a coffee shop which sells mediocre sushi. It is located on the River near to Clare Hall
There is a cheap coffee shop called Zizzi, with a high rating. It is located in riverside, and is family friendly.
The Plough serves moderately priced Italian food near Café Rouge. The pub is child friendly.
The Plough is a adult pub providing French food for less than £20 near Café Rouge.
Near The Six Bells is an Italian restaurant called Fitzbillies.
A late night 1 star venue near The Rice Boat Riverside called The Twenty Two has an average price for its services.
Situated close to The Six Bells, Fitzbillies has average priced Japanese dishes.
The Cambridge Blue is a restaurant situated in town. With a one-star rating it sells full English breakfasts.
The Cricketers is a coffee shop with a 1 out of 5 rating that is kid-friendly and serves Japanese food.  It is located near The Portland Arms.
An expensive coffee shop that is family friendly is Cocum.
Along the riverside, The Phoenix serves its French cuisine, at a reasonable price earning  a high customer rating
Blue Spice is a non-family-friendly establishment in the city centre with low customer ratings and a price range of less than £20.
The Wrestlers is a 5 out of 5 rated Chinese restaurant suitable for families and those looking for cheap food.
A fast food joint that is not too expensive is The Punter
There is a cheap restaurant The Waterman located by the riverside that is family friendly and has a 5 out of 5 rating.
The Golden Curry serves cheap Chinese food. It is family friendly and is near The Bakers.
The Golden Curry is a fast food establishment located near Café Rouge in the riverside area. It is child friendly and customers rate it 1 out of 5
If you like Japanese food you might want to try Midsummer House near All Bar One. Keep in mind, though, that it has a low customer rating and is in the higher price range at more than  £30.
The Mill is an English style pub that is moderately priced.  The Mill is located North of the city center. and serves breakfast items.
Midsummer House comes very recommended with a high customer Rating, even though the price range is more than £30. They serve Italian food, and are conveniently located near All Bar One.
The Punter is a family friendly coffee shot near Café Sicilia. It is highly priced and has fair customer reviews.
The Vaults offers fast food for less than 20.
A low priced family friendly restaurant The Plough is located near The Bakers.
The Punter serves expensive Italian food.
The Blue Spice is a city centre coffee shop near Avalon. Customer reviews rate The Blue Spice low, but the price is generally less than twenty pounds.
The Rice Boat serves Chinese food and has a high price range with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.  It is children Friendly and is located by a riverside near the Express by Holiday Inn.
Indian food is served here in this kid friendly environment located by a nearby Ranch, the name of this venue is Cotto and although it has a unique name the customer ratings its received are only a mere one out of five
The Golden Curry is a fast food restaurant near The Bakers. The price range is over £30 and is also children friendly.
The Wrestlers offer a moderately priced Indian food experience for the whole family. Customers rated 3 out of 5.
The Wrestlers English food restaurant has moderate prices is kid friendly a customer rating of 1 in 5.
Zizzi is coffee shop in the riverside with £20-25, no high price range
The Golden Curry a fast food restaurant is in the riverside area near Café Rouge.
The Waterman is a family restaurant  for a low cost with a five star rating.
The Wrestlers is coffee shop serving French food with price range more than £30 . It is children friendly and is located near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside.
Cotto is a coffee shop that serves Japanese food in The Portland Arms area. This shop in the Riverside area has prices in the high range and a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
A child-friendly Indian coffee shop is located near Crowne Plaza Hotel. Its name is Browns Cambridge and it is rated high by customers.
The Rice Boat serves Fast food. It is placed in riverside area and customers rate it as average. The Rice Boat is children friendly place.
In the riverside area, near the Burger King, there is a kid friendly coffee shop named The Eagle.  It serves French food in the £20-25 price range and has a rating of 3 out of 5.
Located near All Bar One, Green Man is a high-priced riverside Italian eatery that provides an adult atmosphere.
In Riverside, there is a coffee shop offering fast food near the Crowne Plaza Hotel.  It is called Taste of Cambridge and offers a children-friendly relaxed environment.
Wildwood is a cheap-priced pub restaurant that serves Chinese food.
The Vaults is a kid Friendly restaurant offering French food in the moderate price range.
There is a restaurant in the £20-25 price range, called Blue Spice. It is located in the city centre and is not considered kid friendly. It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Alimentum is a one star restaurant located near Yippee Noodle Bar. It's moderately-priced.
Strada is near Rainbow Vegetarian Café that serves fast food they have a high customer rating. They are not kid friendly and have a price range of 20-25 euros.
Riverside has a family-friendly fast food outlet called The Rice Boat that has a 5 out of 5 customer rating
Taste of Cambridge is a family friendly Japanese coffee shop  located near the Crown Plaza Hotel in riverside
There is an expensive, one star, coffee shop located near the river.  It is called The Golden Palace.
If you fancy a quick meal with the children or just a coffee for yourself in riverside setting try the Aromi ; fast food and coffee shop , it has received Average customer ratings
The Phoenix is a cheap Japanese eating experience located in City Centre.
Near the Café Sicilia, there is a children friendly coffee shop. It serves Italian food in the high price range. Its customer rating is average. It is called The Punter.
The Punter is a low-cost, highly-rated fast food coffee shop near Café Sicilia.
Blue Spice offers Japanese food for less than £20. It is located in riverside.
With a price range less than 20, The Waterman is not family-friendly.
The child Friendly restaurant Cocum has a low customer Rating.
Cocum is a Beautiful French coffee shop thats kid friendly,  prices range from £20-£25 and its rated 3-5 by its customers.
The Waterman is low rated French food pub in city centre.
Cocum is a family friendly restaurant with an average rating of its customers.
There is a one star restaurant Wildwood located near Café Rouge
Located in the Riverside area, The Twenty Two is a fast food restaurant with a kid friendly environment.
The Olive Grove is a family-friendly pub that serves French Food.  The food is below £20. located by the riverside.
if you want best Japanese food just go to Bibimbap House price more than 30£ near to Clare Hall area riverside
Clowns, a riverside pub, has both a higher than average price and a lower-than-average customer rating.
Green Man in the riverside area is family-friendly and inexpensive.
Located near Café Brazil, the moderately-priced 'The Cambridge Blue' pub serves a range of fast-foods.
There is an Italian restaurant named Browns Cambridge that is not family-friendly. It is located near The Sorrento by the riverside.
High price range, Blue Spice serves French food in located in the riverside area.
The Wrestlers restaurant is a French restaurant. It is children friendly with a rating of 5 out of 5. Most meals cost more than £30.
The Phoenix is a Indian restaurant in the river side. It is cheap and rating is 5 out of 5.
Giraffe is a children friendly French food restaurant located near The Riverside.
The Waterman is an average Fast food pub in the city centre.
Fitzbillies is a moderately priced coffee shop selling fast food in the area riverside. It is child-friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Dumpling Tree  is a child-friendly coffee shop in the City Centre near Café Sicilia. Prices are slightly higher than average.
Taste of Cambridge is a fast food coffee shop near riverside and Crowne Plaza Hotel that is kid friendly.
A high priced restaurant called Browns Cambridge has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Green Man is a reasonably priced Italian restaurant in the riverside area. Located near All Bar One and family friendly.
The Aromi coffee shop caters to children and serves Italian food. It is in the riverside area and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Highly priced and child friendly Fast food restaurant, The Waterman, is located in the city centre and has an average rating.
The Italian coffee shop nearby The Mill serves grub by The Sorrento it is in the city centre and at moderate cost.
Italian children's meals at The Twenty Two
The Cricketers is a child-friendly coffee shop, serving Japanese food. It is near to The Portland Arms and has a good customer rating.
In the city center near Café Rouge, is a 3 star rated family friendly place called, The Golden Curry.
For between £20-25, try the Giraffe restaurant, near The Six Bells.
The Golden Curry is a Japanese restaurant located near The Bakers that is moderately priced and kid friendly.
Loch Fyne serves high rated Indian food in the riverside area near The Rice Boat.
Giraffe is a high price range restaurant near The Six Bells
An eat Type restaurant that is affordable and located riverside is Zizzi.
Near The Portland Arms, there is a Fast food coffee shop named The Cricketers. 5 out of 5 customers rate The Cricketers as family friendly.
In the city centre, is a coffee shop called Aromi. It serves fast food, it has a 5 out of 5 customer rating, and it is family-friendly.
Near The Portland Arms in the city centre area is a children friendly restaurant named The Punter. The price range is more than 30.
Cotto is a riverside Indian coffee shop that can be found near to The Portland Arms. The food is averagely priced and the venue has a high customer satisfaction rating.
Loch Fyne, located in the city centre near The Rice Boat supplies Chinese food with a low customer rating.
Near Café Rouge, in the city centre area, is family Friendly, The Golden Curry. It has Chinese food and an average customer Rating.
There is a low customer rated French coffee shop with a price range of more than £30 located near The Portland Arms in riverside called Cotto
The restaurant Cotto serves Italian food. The restaurant is rated middle of the road. It is family friendly and located near Ranch.
A customer-rated average Italian restaurant, the Cotto is children-friendly and is located near Ranch.
The kids friendly coffee shop, The Punter, offers moderately priced fast food with a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is near the Café Sicilian.
Browns Cambridge is a reasonably priced Indian restaurant and coffee shop in riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It receives average ratings and is not family-friendly.
The Wrestlers coffee shop is on the river, by Raja Indian Cuisine.  No families. Medium priced
The Cambridge Blue is an Italian restaurant with a low customer rating.
With a 3 out of 5 customer rating, this establishment is located in the Riverside area.  This coffee shop is not family-friendly, has a price range of £20-25 and is called Fitzbillies, serving French food.
A place for Indian food is the Alimentum.  A meal price averages L20.  Although it receives low ratings, it is conveniently located next door to the Yippee Noodle Bar in the city center.
The Eagle, an Italian coffee shop, is rated 3 out of 5 by customers and is kid friendly. It is located neat Burger King in the city centre.
The Wrestlers is an adult-only establishment featuring moderately priced Indian cuisine. This establishment earned a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
There is a fast food pub named The Olive Grove located near the riverside. It has a kid friendly environment at a high price.
An Indian food place with a moderate price is The Dumpling Tree
The Phoenix is a mid ranged British restaurant with high customer rating service and is located by the riverside.
Cotto, established close to Ranch, is a Chinese restaurant. It is both rated highly by customers and kid-friendly.
There is a reasonably priced restaurant Browns Cambridge which is rated one star.
If you are searching for a Japanese place to go that is not children friendly, The Wrestlers might be for you. It has a great customer rating of 5 out of 5 and a price range of £30 and over.
The Wrestlers is a cheap sushi restaurant. It is family friendly.
Located in the riverside area near Yippee Noodle Bar, Alimentum serves French food in the price range of £20-25.
For cheap Italian food in a family-friendly pub, look no further than The Plough near Café Rouge.
The Bibimbap House has a price range of less than £20 that serves French food. It is near Clare Hall in the riverside area.
Zizzi has a one star rating without toilets and serves Italian food.
For a children Friendly Fast food restaurant check out Browns Cambridge located near The Sorrento in the riverside area
For high quality French food, without the kids, go to The Waterman. Its in riverside and costs about £20-25.
The Phoenix serving Chinese has a 5 out of 5 customer rating. It is in riverside.
The Rice Boat provides moderately priced Chinese food in the centre of the city. It has a poor customer rating and can be found near the Express by Holiday Inn.
Located near the river, Alimentum offers Indian food at a reasonable price of around 20 to 25 pounds a plate.  The restaurant is kid friendly.
There's a fast food restaurant on the riverside named Alimentum that is kid friendly and has an average price range of 20 to 25 pounds.
Cocum coffee shop is a low-priced restaurant that serves mediocre food to families with small children.
Near The Rice Boat in riverside is The Twenty Two.  It has low customer ratings, as well as cheap food and is not family-friendly.
The fast food restaurant, Loch Fyne, has an average customer rating and is located on the riverside near The Rice Boat.
Located at the riverside, Fitzbillies is a kid friendly coffee shop that also serves Indian food. With a 3 out of 5 customer service rating, it is moderately priced.
The Eagle is a French coffee shop located at the riverside near to The Burger King. It is family-friendly with a budget menu but low ratings.
Fitzbillies near The Six Bells servers French food for less than £20
Near Café Rouge is Midsummer House which serves English food and has low customer rating.
In riverside close to The Portland Arms is, The Punter children friendly and items more than £30.
Located in the city center near to the Rainbow Vegetarian Café, The Strada is a 5 star, family friendly mid price restaurant.
A restaurant over £30, Called Zizzi, is by the riverside
The Olive Grove is a pub offering high priced Chinese cuisine. This establishment is adults-only.
Pasta can be found at a moderate price at 1-star rated Wildwood pub.
With a customer rating of 5 out of 5, The Rice Boat is a family-friendly Italian restaurant offering cheap food. It is located in the city centre near Express by Holiday Inn.
Bibimbap House is a low-priced Indian restaurant in the city centre near Clare Hall
Loch Fyne is an English food restaurant with cheap prices and a family friendly atmosphere.
Alimentum is a cheap, highly rated, English restaurant, that is located in the city center near Yippee Noodle Bar.
The Rice Boat is a place near Rainbow Vegetarian Café with low customer rating and prices below £20.
Wildwood is a high priced coffee shop that is located by Ranch and has been rated 5 stars.
Cotto is an low rated Indian coffee shop in riverside near The Portland Arms.  They have prices less than 20 pounds.
Giraffe is s children-friendly pub that situated riverside that serves great English food
The Eagle primarily does wine tastings and pairings and is a three star restaurant.
Zizzi is an English pub. It is not family-friendly, and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Dumpling Tree is pub restaurant , it serves Chinese food , the people in the restaurant are not friendly with families , and its location is in The Portland Arms.
Browns Cambridge is a kid friendly, Italian restaurant located near The Sorrento in the Riverside area.
The Rice Boat is family-Friendly. It has English food in riverside area but with a low customer rating
The Cricketers is a children friendly pub near Ranch. It has good customer ratings and a friendly atmosphere.
There is a low rated, moderate priced, kids-friendly, French restaurant near the Express by Holiday Inn, in the city centre called The Rice Boat.
A kids friendly Fast food restaurant in the average price range is Loch Fyne.
Cotto coffee shop has inexpensive French food with average customer rating in the city centre near The Portland Arms
There is a food establishment located by the river. Blue Spice is perfect for those who wish to spend less on their food.
with a price range of more than £30 near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café is The Rice Boat that has high customer ratings.
The Golden Curry has high prices.  It is child friendly.  It's the Japanese place near The Bakers.
There is a cheap Chinese restaurant that has average customer rating. It is called The Wrestlers and is not family friendly.
An average priced Japanese restaurant named The Waterman in the riverside area boasts a high customer rating, but is not kid friendly.
The Punter is a lowly rated, non family friendly coffee shop near Café Sicilia. It serves Indian food for under £20.
The highly rated non-family friendly coffee shop, Browns Cambridge, near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre offers Indian food.
Crowne Plaza Hotel is an Japanese coffee shop located in an area of Browns Cambridge called riverside. typically non family-friendly of average rating.
Cotto located in the city centre near The Portland Arms is a highly rated average priced Fast food coffee shop
Alimentum is a mid-price ranged Indian food restaurant. It has low customer rating and is located in the riverside area near the Yippee Noodle Bar.
Strada is a eating type of restaurant with a low customer rating
The Golden Curry serves Italian food and is rated 5 out of 5. It is located in riverside near Café Rouge.
The Rice Boat is a Chinese restaurant that serves food less than 20 pounds. It unfortunately has a low customer rating, but makes up in other categories. It is located riverside, is family friendly, and is near the Express by Holiday Inn.
The Cambridge Blue is a restaurant that provides Indian food Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a low-priced family restaurant specializing in Italian fare.
The Eagle is a fast service coffee shop in Riverside. It is child friendly and is in the high price range. It is located near Burger King and has an average rating.
On the riverside, there is a pub called The Olive Grove. It is friendly for kids and had a price range between  £20-25.
Yes The Waterman is a children friendly eat out place located at the riverside with 5 out of 5 customer ratings and offers French food which cost more than 30 pounds
Midsummer House is a one star restaurant providing fast food for a high price. It is located near All Bar One.
Taste of Cambridge is a moderately priced, three out of five star rated restaurant.
The Wrestlers has Indian food in the price range of more than 30 with a high customer rating and is children friendly.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop  with high prices, located near the river
The Phoenix is A restaurant serving food at a reduced price and is located near the river
There is a Browns Cambridge ,with an average customer rating, that offers French food with a price range of less than £20.
A pub named Clowns has an average customer rating and a high price range.
The Rice Boat located in city centre serves Chinese food and is family friendly. It has a low customer rating.
The Twenty Two offers English food for adult dining.
There is a fast food place called The Eagle with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Near Burger King, The Eagle coffee shop offers low quality at low prices for your family
The Waterman is in the city centre that is 20-25 euros. They serve Japanese,with a customer rating of 3 out of 5. They are kid friendly.
There is a high priced Italian restaurant near The Six Bells called Fitzbillies
The Punter a French food coffee shop located near Café Sicilia. Customer rating 3 out of 5 has a high price range and is not children friendly.
There is a friendly for family place called The Wrestlers. It is providing an Italian food in the high prices with 5 out of 5 customer rating.
Fitzbillies is a cheap place to eat near to the Express by Holiday Inn.  It isn't down as family-friendly but has a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
Located near All Bar One in the riverside area, The Green Man, is serving Italian food. They are kid friendly and have a moderate price range.
Located in the city centre, The Phoenix has an average customer rating for serving Italian food.
The Waterman is a family friendly, cheap Indian restaurant. It has average customer rating and is located in the city centre.
The Wrestlers eat at a coffee shop that is family-friendly with prince range less than  £20, serving Japanese cuisine, and located near Raja Indian Cuisine in city centre area.
Fitzbillies is a Japanese restaurant near The Six Bells with a moderate price range.
The Punter serves Indian food and is in the high price range.
There's a Fitzbillies coffee shop on the river side, high-priced, good quality. A family place.
The Wrestlers is a moderate priced Indian food restaurant. Rated 3 out of 5 by customers, it is not a kids friendly establishment.
High-priced fast food can be found a pub called The Mill located in City centre.
Alimentum is a non kid friendly English food restaurant that is priced high and in the riverside area.
Strada is a low-rated pub near the Yippee Noodle Bar. It serves Japanese food.
The Waterman is an Indian restaurant with a moderate price range.  It has an average customer rating. It is in Riverside and is kid friendly.
Located near to Café Rouge is Midsummer House, an English restaurant with high customer ratings.
There is a French coffee shop in the moderate price range named Cocum. Consumers rate it 1 out of 5. It is not kid-friendly.
The Dumpling Tree is an above £30 Italian restaurant.
There is a child friendly restaurant called Loch Fyne
English restaurant called Alimentum is a moderate pricing and is kids-friendly located in the city centre
Cocum is a one-star coffee shop that serves pasta. It is in the low-price range and is not a family venue.
There is a cheap coffee shop near Café Sicilia called The Punter. It serves Fast food and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5, but it is not family-friendly.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Indian food in the less than £20 price range. It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is low.
The Wrestlers is a family restaurant in the high price range.
The Plough is an Italian pub near Café Rouge that is child friendly and the prices range over £30.
There is a fast food restaurant called The Rice Boat in the city center, near the Express by Holiday Inn, which serves cheap fast food, it is not very family-friendly and has an average customer rating.
Blue Spice in riverside is moderately priced
A three star restaurant close to The Rice Boat, is Loch Fyne.
The Clowns coffee shop is a five-star coffee shop with quality Italian food. It is conveniently located on the river across from Clare Hall, outside of City centre.
The Golden Palace is a French coffee shop in the city centre that offers average prices and high reviews.
The Twenty Two is a children friendly French food establishment.
In riverside, there is a family friendly Italian pub named Giraffe.
Alimentum is a average-priced restaurant near the Yippee Noodle Bar highly rated by customers. it serves Italian food.
There is a family friendly place serving Indian food in the centre of the city called The Twenty Two.
Blue Spice in the city centre has a moderate price range.
Green Man is located next to the river outside of the city centre.  It serves higher-end fast food and is situated near to All Bar One
With the Ranch nearby, Wildwood coffee shop is serving 5 star burgers and fries at a bargain.
Travellers Rest Beefeater located near city centre, near Café Adriatic is priced low. It has an average customer rating.
The Golden Curry, located near The Bakers, provides for less than £30 Japanese food.
Fitzbillies coffee shop is suitable for adults and young children alike, The food is also cheap.
The Eagle is a coffee shop. This coffee shop is family friend and prices range less then 20 dollars. They offer different types of French food. The Eagle is located in Riverside near the Burger King. Our customer rating is low.
Bibimbap House, a French restaurant with pricing above £30, is located in the city centre near Clare Hall.
Near Café Rouge is the Wildwood restaurant.  It has average customer ratings.
There is an Italian restaurant located in the city centre called The Waterman. It is not children friendly and has an average customer rating.
The Strada restaurant providing breakfast is located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café. It is family friendly, medium priced and has a 3 star rating.
Zizzi is a pub that serves Japanese food and welcomes family's. Customers rated 5 out of 5.
in the riverside area there is a coffee shop called The Golden Palace which does Fast food with a 5 out of 5 customer rating
City centre has a coffee shop that serves Japanese food named Fitzbillies; it is not kids friendly and has a high customer rating at a price range of £20-25.
Zizzi, a Indian food serving pub, has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and is child friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a high rated attraction for only £20-25
For a reasonably-priced French meal, try Fitzbillies near The Six Bells.
Italian restaurant Green Man, located in riverside near All Bar One, offer family-friendly fare for less than 20 pounds.
The Eagle is a highly rated, value for money, Japanese coffee shop found in the city centre near Burger King. Families are welcome.
The Wrestlers offers Japanese food in a low price range.  However, they are not family-friendly and have a low customer rating.
All Bar One  and Green Man is a full service restaurant, family friendly, and located north of the City center.
You will find Cotto at the city centre, near All Bar One. The price range is more than £30.
Strada is an Italian restaurant near Rainbow Vegetarian Café that is not kids friendly with a moderate price range and a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
There is a cheap French restaurant located outside of the City centre called Alimentum. It is close to Yippee Noodle Bar and offers a one star dining experience.
The Phoenix provides Indian food It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is high.
The Olive Grove is located in Riverside. It is an Italian pub that is family friendly and has a price range of less than  £20.
Café Sicilia is kid friendly, has Clowns and all for about £20-25.
Strada provides Indian food in the less than £20 price range. It is near Rainbow Vegetarian Café. Its customer rating is low.
Located at the edge of the river, The Rice Boat offers a three star family friendly atmosphere with a good choice of food and drinks.
Fitzbillies located at The Six Bells offers good meal deals at affordable prices.
The Japanese restaurant named Alimentum has a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It's in the high price range and located in the riverside area near the Yippee Noodle Bar.
The Eagle in city centre has an average rating and serves coffee and fast food with a high price range  near Burger King and is not child friendly.
there's a kids friendly Japanese food restaurant called The Rice Boat near Express by Holiday Inn, in the moderate price range with a high customer rating
A coffee shop with three stars. The Golden Palace has a three star rating.
A cheap, English restaurant that is kid-friendly is Loch Fyne.
Clowns is a high priced riverside pub rated average by customers.
The Eagle is a moderately priced coffee shop with Indian food.  They are rated a 1 out of 5 and children are permitted.  The can be located in riverside near Burger King.
Fitzbillies is a Japanese restaurant near The Six Bells. Prices start at £30.
Highly rated £20-25 range The Eagle is by the riverside .
The Cricketers is a pub near Ranch with a 5 out of 5 rating.  It is family friendly.
Cotto is a low-rated Sushi bar located near Ranch.
The Golden Palace, located in Riverside, has poor customer reviews. It is an Indian coffee shop with moderate prices.
With prices under £20.00, The Cambridge Blue is a  pub located near Café Brazil and serves French food.
Near Café Sicilia is a cheap, non-family-friendly Italian coffee shop named The Punter that has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
There is a high priced kid friendly restaurant called The Waterman serving English food with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
There is a place to eat in riverside that offers French food at a price of more then £30.  It is named Blue Spice.
In riverside there is a restaurant called The Rice Boat that serves Fast food.
The Wrestlers is an Indian restaurant in the moderate price range.  It is not kid friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Blue Spice in in the city centre and has as price range under £20.
The Giraffe is a kid friendly pub that serves French food in the riverside area.
A Japanese restaurant that has a price range of £20-25 in riverside is Bibimbap House. It is located near Clare Hall.
Near the riverside Bibimbap House near Clare Hall has Italian food at a relatively cheap price.
The Golden Curry is a moderately priced French restaurant near The Bakers that caters for adults.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop providing Indian food It is located in the riverside. It is near Crowne Plaza Hotel. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Looking for a cheap coffee in the Riverside area then look no further than The Vaults. Customers are pleased with its products and location, right by the Café Brazil.
The Mill is a pub that offers Sushi. Located on the river and pricey.
Average-rated Italian dining at Loch Fyne , located in close proximity to The Rice Boat in riverside.
The Wrestlers provides Indian food in the high price range. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Midsummer House is a cheap,  average rated, Italian restaurant located near All Bar One.
Browns Cambridge is a kid friendly Fast food coffee shop with a high customer rating in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
The Plough is near Café Rouge, and it is a cheap, family friendly pub that serves Japanese food.
Near Crowne Plaza Hotel, The Waterman serves Indian food not family friendly.
For a customer rated 5 out of 5 affordable and family friendly, coffee shop, look for Blue Spice in Avalon beside the river.
Aromi is a family-friendly Riverside area pub with a low customer rating.
Having a poor customer rating of 1 out of 5, Strada is a restaurant.
Fitzbillies is located close to the Rainbow Vegetarian Café with a price range of more than £30.
If you want fast food with a high customer rating, try The Eagle.
Strada is a French cuisine restaurant located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café. The price range is moderate, with a low 1 out of 5 customer service rating, including the fact that it is not kid friendly.
Blue Spice is not kids friendly.  It is in the city centre and rated 1 out of 5, but it is a moderate range.
Yes, French food at The Twenty Two is the best.
The Rice Boat is located on the riverside and serves English food.  It is not family-friendly and customers have given it a low rating.
The Mill coffee shop is near the riverside The Sorrento. It serves Japanese food and its price range is £20-25.
The Vaults is a cheap, family friendly restaurant that serves Italian food.
There is a coffee shop in the river side area that is Japanese child friendly and is rated 3 out of 5.  It is named Aromi.
The Japanese pub called Wildwood has an average rating with prices less than 20.
The Rice Boat offers French food in the city centre, close to Express by Holiday Inn. Prices are typically over thirty pounds but it is child  friendly and customers rate it at 5 out of 5.
Bibimbap House is near The Rice Boat in the riverside area and serves French food.
The Cricketers is a pub located near Ranch. The pub boats a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and is children friendly.
The Rice Boat, near Express by Holiday Inn, offers French food in the £20-£25 range, 3 out of 5 customer rating, not family-friendly.
Fitzbillies serves Indian near The Six Bells and cost more then thirty dollars.
Cotto is a coffee shop located near The Portland Arms offering cheap wine and cheese. This coffee shops is rated 3 starts.
Next to the river and Burger King is a coffee shop called The Eagle. It is suitable for families and offers medium prices for a one star venue.
Giraffe is a kids friendly Japanese pub restaurant riverside located
The Twenty Two, a high-priced restaurant near The Rice Boat, offers a riverside view, a 3 out of 5 customer rating, and a child-friendly environment.
Browns Cambridge is a Japanese coffee shop that is located near the Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre. It is family-friendly but has low customer ratings.
Fitzbillies is in the city centre, it is a coffee shop which serves Japanese food.  It is family-friendly and prices range from £20-£25.  The customer rating is high.
Fast food is served at The Mill which is in the moderate price range. It is a pub in the city centre.
Aromi coffee shop is family oriented and is close to the river.
English food is sold at The Loch Fyne by the riverside near The Rice Boat has a customer Rating of 5 out of 5.
Blue Spice is located at the riverside in the moderate price range.
In the area of city centre is a pub called The Mill. It has moderately priced English food.
Cheap family friendly English food at The Plough pub located near Café Rouge.
Situated in riverside The Twenty Two is a Fast food children-friendly restaurant.
The Golden Curry highly-rated, fast food and is children friendly.  It is located near Café Rouge in the riverside area.
with a rating of 5 out of 5 Strada Fast food pub is located near Yippee Noodle Bar
There is a restaurant called Midsummer House near All Bar One, it's high priced and has an average customer rating.
French restaurant The Phoenix is located by the river. its price range is over 30 pounds and customer rating is low.
The Eagle has Chinese food with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
There is a pub near The Portland Arms that is children friendly and offers Japanese food, called The Dumpling Tree.
The Waterman is a high priced English restaurant in the city centre. It is not children friendly and is rated 1 out of 5.
Wildwood is an Indian food pub with a high price range and average customer rating.
Near The Six Bells is a Japanese restaurant Fitzbillies, which offers moderate prices.
There is a high priced venue with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 in the city centre near to Café Adriatic called Travellers Rest Beefeater
The Golden Curry is a family friendly, three star pasta restaurant.
The Loch Fyne is a average customer rating that serves fast food that is near The Rice Boat on the riverside
Loch Fyne is a fairly priced adult Italian restaurant
Located on the riverside with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 is a fast food establishment called The Phoenix.
There is a cheap restaurant with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 in city centre near Avalon named Blue Spice coffee shop which also a family-friendly
Zizzi is a coffee shop with a £20-25  price range. It is located in the city centre. Zizzi is not kids friendly and it has a 3 out of 5 rating.
There's a children friendly place called Fitzbillies. Its near Express by Holiday Inn it has a price range of over £30 with a high customer rating.
The Rice Boat serves Chinese food at a moderate price range, a 3 out of 5 service rating, located in Riverside, it's kid friendly nearby Express by Holiday Inn
The Golden Curry serves French Food that is rated average and family-friendly.
The Golden Curry offers Indian food. They are price ranged £20-25. They are kids friendly and are located near The Bakers.
The Midsummer House Steve's Chinese cuisine,  has earned a 1 out of 5 customer rating and can be found near Café Rouge.
At riverside is am expensive restaurant next to the All Bar One called Cotto.
The Rice Boat near Express by Holiday Inn in the city centre sells English food at cheap price with average rating but not family-friendly.
A kid friendly Japanese restaurant is The Golden Curry. its customer rating is 1 out of 5
Loch Fyne is an adult Japanese style restaurant.
The Twenty Two is a child-friendly Japanese restaurant in the riverside area - I can certainly  recommend it.
The Punter is a 5 star, family friendly  coffee shop located next to the Café Sicilia that provides pasta.
There is a Japanese coffee shop on the riverside area, near The Sorrento. It is called The Mill and is priced at more than 30GBP.
Fast food can be found at The Rice Boat. Low ratings but city centre location means its good for adults.
The Cricketers is a coffee shop that serves French food. They are not family-friendly. They are located near The Portland Arms. The customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Aromi is a restaurant in the riverside area which serves English food.
The Phoenix serves high quality English food in Riverside.
located in city centre near Café Rouge, is a Chinese pub called Green Man
The Vaults is an Indian restaurant that is kid friendly with moderately priced meals.
There is an expensive coffee shop  Wildwood  near Ranch that provides Indian food which  has average customer ratings,
coffee shop and Indian food, Aromi, in Riverside. Customer rating 5 out of 5. No children.
The Waterman is a moderately priced place for adults only.
a restaurant supplies Indian food on a beautiful riverside site and children friendly stuff make its price cheap its called  Fitzbillies
Blue Spice in riverside has a 1 out of 5 customer rating, moderate price range and is not kid friendly.
The Mill is a high price French pub in the riverside area.
There is a Japanese coffee shop with an average rating called The Golden Palace in Riverside, which costs less than £20.
The Alimentum is a high customer rated restaurant serving £20-25 price range Chinese food. It is located near the Yippee Noodle Bar and City Centre.
The Strada is a low priced, family friendly, French restaurant located near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café. It has a rating of 5 stars out of 5.
With an average price range and a customer rating of 3 out of 5 stars, The Eagle is located along the riverside.
The Rice Boat is a Japanese restaurant with a 5 out of 5 rating in the city centre and is family-friendly.
The Bibimbap House is a lower priced restaurant near Clare Hall near the city centre.
Offering English style food in the city centre, The Phoenix has low customer ratings.
The Twenty Two is a children friendly Japanese restaurant, located by the riverside.
The Cocum is a 5 star coffee shop.  It is family friendly but high priced.
The Twenty Two serves English food at the riverside in a non-family-friendly environment.
For Indian food visit The Rice Boat located in city centre near Express by Holiday Inn. With a high price range, average customer rating and no, is not children friendly.
Cotto is a coffee shop serving fast food in the price range of £20-25. Its customer rating is high and it is located in Riverside near The Portland Arms.
Although non-child friendly, fast food restaurant Alimentum can be found in the city centre with a moderate price range.
The Eagle, is a coffee shop located in the centre of the city near Burger King; serving Fast food in the high price range. Is not child-friendly venue and customer ratings are average.
The Olive Grove is a low-priced Chinese pub by the riverside thats family friendly.
Aromi is a traditional English restaurant located on the river and offering up breakfast.
For fast food and a family friendly environment,  try The Twenty Two
There is a one-star coffee shop in the low-price range called Cocum. It serves pasta and is inappropriate for families.
In the city center is a French coffee shop called Aromi. Don't bring your kids. Their customer  service is excellent.
Loch Fyne is a child-friendly restaurant providing Italian food within the £20 - £25 price range.
The Phoenix is an Italian restaurant located in Riverside whose rating is high.
Highly rated Fast food at The Cambridge Blue restaurant.
a restaurant with a 5 out 5 rating is Strada
Browns Cambridge has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 with prices ranging £20-25.
Offering French food the Alimentum has dishes starting at £30 , it is located in the town centre.
The Cambridge Blue restaurant has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It specializes in Japanese food.
The Waterman in the city centre has a rating of 5 out of 5, English food, isn't family-friendly and cheap.
Visit Cotto, an Italian restaurant and coffee shop located near The Portland Arms right down by the river.
There is a French restaurant called The Cricketers and it is located near All Bar One.
Low priced, average rated coffee shop The Vaults can be found in the city centre close to Café Brazil.
The Rice Boat is a average priced adult fast food restaurant located in the city centre near the Express by Holiday Inn with high customer ratings.
Cocum is a coffee shop with a 5 out of 5 customer rating.  It is not family-friendly.  It serves cheap Italian food.
Highly rated Fast food is available in the city centre at The Phoenix.  The price is cheap.
Japanese food can be found in a family friendly atmosphere in The Waterman near the Crown Plaza Hotel.
The Rice Boat in Riverside near Express by Holiday Inn, is child-friendly, serves English food, has a star rating of 1 to 5, has a high price range.
The Italian restaurant, Alimentum, offers food at prices less than 20. It is located in the city centre and is not family-friendly.
Average pub, the Wildwood, serving cheap Indian food.
The Eagle provides Indian food Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
The Green Man offers moderately priced French food in the riverside area. It is kid friendly and located near All Bar One.
The Rice Boat is near Express by Holiday Inn in the city centre.  It serves French food.  The customer rating is 5 out of 5.  It is child friendly  Prices are over £30.
The Twenty Two and offers family area.  It has a price range less than £20  but with an average customer rating.  It is located in the city centre, near to The Rice Boat.
Wildwood is a reasonably-priced coffee shop located near Ranch.
An expensive and highly rated fast food coffee shop called Wildwood is situated near to Ranch
Cotto in riverside near All Bar One has a moderate price range.
Browns Cambridge is a family restaurant located on the riverside near The Sorrento. They serve French food
The Dumpling Tree is a restaurant that serves Chinese food.
Loch Fyne is a restaurant offering moderately priced English food in a child free atmosphere.
Bibimbap House  is a sushi restaurant in the high price range. It is located near Clare Hall.
The Rice Boat is a highly rated Indian food establishment located in Riverside near the Express by Holiday Inn. Children are welcome. Price range £20-25.
Giraffe, a non family-friendly coffee shop with a cheap price range is located near The Bakers and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
For a non-family English food experience find The Golden Curry near Café Rouge in the city centre. The Golden Curry is rated average by customers.
Cocum is an Italian coffee shop with a low customer rating and prices less than £20. It isn't family-friendly.
The Punter is a family friendly low price coffee shop located close to Café Sicilia.
hello and welcome to The Eagle, we serve the finest Italian food around  and have an average customer rating this is very good for a coffee shop we are near Burger King and our area is the riverside our price range is very cheap for such good food at the moment we are not family-friendly.
The Dumpling Tree diner is located at the red pointer. Its fairly priced with good food.
Higher priced and not child friendly, The Punter is a Japanese coffee shop that gets average ratings.  It is located near Café Sicilia.
Cocum is a pub serving inexpensive food.  It is not family-friendly but has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Food, is family-friendly, The Waterman, Cheap, Riverside, 5 out of 5.
Bibimbap House, in the riverside area near Clare Hall, offers Chinese food in the higher prices range.
The Waterman located city center offers  children friendly average Fast food in the high price range.
Average priced pub with an average customer rating Clowns situated riverside
The Golden Curry is kids friendly and serves Indian food in riverside. It is located near Café Rouge and has customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Aromi is a child friendly pub in Riverside with a rating of 5 out of 5.
The Wrestlers offers  Fast food and coffee shop with expensive price near Raja Indian Cuisine.
Blue Spice is a fairly inexpensive family friendly place.
Browns Cambridge is a restaurant in the low price range. It is located in the city center. It has really good reviews.
The Strada, restaurant is located next door to 'Rainbow Vegetarian Café'.
Near Clare Hall, in the riverside area, Bibimbap House serves French food in the price range cheap.
Loch Fyne is a Indian restaurant with a 5 out of 5 customer rating.  It's located in city center and is near The Rice Boat.
By the riverside, near Crowne Plaza Hotel, there is a child-friendly coffee shop called Taste of Cambridge that serves Fast food.
The Waterman is a low rated pub that sells English food, it is at the riverside
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop located within the city centre offering French food at a moderate price.
The Rice Boat is a Express by Holiday Inn with high customer rating located in the centre city that provides French food
The Waterman is high-priced family restaurant located on the outskirts of the city.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is a restaurant located in the city centre near Café Adriatic. It has an average rating with meals costing less than 20 pounds.
At the riverside, The Waterman is a high rated Fast food restaurant that is more than £30 and not children friendly.
Alimentum is a restaurant offering Chinese food at a moderate price. Customer rating is 1 out o 5 and it is located near Yippee Noodle Bar in Riverside.
Browns Cambridge is a five star coffee shop that welcomes families. It is located near to the Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Bibimbap House is close to Clare Hall in riverside. It is priced high and serves Italian food.
Strada is a 5 out of 5 customer rated pub near Yippee Noodle Bar  serving French food.
The Golden Curry is a venue offering Italian food which is child friendly. its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Waterman is moderate priced serving Italian in the city centre area. They have a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and are not kid friendly.
Located close to Café Rouge, Wildwood restaurant has a 3 out of 5 rating.
Located in the city center, The Golden Palace coffee shop has a high rating with a price range of £20-25, serving Indian foods.
A French restaurant with a 3 out of 5 customer rating is called Loch Fyne. They are in the riverside area near The Rice Boat.
Browns Cambridge serves Chinese food in riverside near The Sorrento, but is not family friendly.
There is a non-family-friendly pub, Giraffe, which serves Japanese food and is located in the city centre.
There is a cheap restaurant called The Golden Curry, next to The Bakers, however, it is not recommended for families.
The Punter has cheap Fast food.
The Waterman is a Chinese restaurant with an average price of 20-25. Customers have given this restaurant high ratings and it is located in the riverside area.  It is not kid friendly.
Bibimbap House is an Indian restaurant located in the riverside area near Clare Hall. The price range is less than 20 pounds.
The Mill restaurant is a coffee shop that services Japanese food that costs more than £30 that is in the City Centre near The Sorrento
Alimentum has Fast food, is riverside, has a high price range, and children friendly.
With a high customer rating the Japanese coffee shop called The Golden Palace has a price range of £20-25.
Alimentum is a child-friendly, moderately priced restaurant serving Italian food.  Located in the city centre area.
The Wrestlers is a Fast food coffee shop in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is kid friendly and moderate priced.
Not family-friendly, The Golden Curry offers English food with a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
The restaurant Loch Fyne provides a kid friendly environment, serves English food and is moderately priced.
Cocum is a coffee shop that serves Japanese food. It is not kid friendly. It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and prices range from £20-25.
There is a family friendly French food venue with average customer ratings near Ranch, named Cotto.
The whole family gave the restaurant Cocum a lower rating at our last visit.
The Wildwood is a low priced coffee shop next to the Ranch. It delivers fast food and the costumer rating is high.
Fitzbillies coffee shop is located north of the city center. This coffee shop is family friendly and low cost, with a rating of 3 out of 5 stars.
The Giraffe is a family friendly pub serving Chinese food in the city centre.
Near The Bakers with a 1 out of 5 rating, Giraffe is a moderate priced kid friendly coffee shop
The Waterman offers Chinese food that is moderate in price, rated 3 out of 5, is not kid friendly, and is located near the city centre.
low customer rating adults only Japanese food at Aromi coffee shop
The Vaults serves high-priced Chinese food. It is not child friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a reasonably priced one star restaurant.
Aromi in Riverside is a child friendly pub with a great menu, it currently has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Plough restaurant is located near the Express by Holiday Inn and is family friendly.
There is a coffee shop called Fitzbillies that serves Indian food. It has a average customer rating with a high price range. Fitzbillies is on a riverside and is not child friendly.
The Golden Curry is a family-friendly English restaurant located near Café Rouge in the city centre. It has an average customer rating.
The riverside Japanese coffee shop, The Wrestlers, is located near Raja Indian Cuisine and offers a family friendly environment with an under £20 price range.
Alimentum restaurant  serves fast food with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.  It is located near the Yippee Noodle Bar in the Riverside area.
French restaurant Wildwood, is a greatly rated place to eat.
The Vaults is a Chinese food restaurant, it cost less than £20. It is not family friendly.
Cotto is a kid friendly, 3 out of 5 customer rated restaurant near Ranch that serves Chinese food.
The Cambridge Blue is a moderately priced English pub close to Café Brazil.
Clowns is a Fast food coffee shop in riverside near Clare Hall. It has an average user rating.
Eat at the Giraffe coffee shop, It is located near The Bakers. With a kids friendly environment and a high customer rating of high. It is a great place to go to with a price range of £20-25.
The Rice Boat is a low-priced Japanese restaurant near Express by Holiday Inn. It has a low customer rating.
The Olive Grove is  a public moderate Fast food restaurant located in riverside, for all
The Mill is a cheap Italian pub by the riverside.
Near Raja Indian Cuisine is a Japanese restaurant and coffee shop named The Wrestlers. It has a price range of more than £30 and is kid-friendly.
The Waterman pub in riverside Japanese food 5 out of 5
In Riverside The Phoenix has a low customer rating.
There is an average rated Italian place near Café Rouge.  It is called Midsummer House.
The Cricketers, a coffee shop serving Japanese cuisine, is located near The Portland Arms. This establishment is kid friendly and has a customer Rating of 1 out of 5.
There is a moderately-priced coffee shop Cotto located in the centre of the city near The Portland Arms that serves French food.
The Rice Boat in Riverside is family friendly, serves Italian food  has a rating of 5 out of 5.
The Mill is a low priced Indian food coffee shop in the riverside area near The Sorrento.
The Mill is a Japanese coffee shop, located near The Sorrento in the riverside area, has a moderate price range.
The Waterman is a cheap place to eat. Yes it is family friendly.
A coffee shop where the price range is more than £30 is rated highly among customers. It is called The Golden Palace and serves Italian food in the city centre.
Near Café Adriatic, the prices are high, the customer rating is about average, its near the riverside, its name is Travellers Rest Beefeater.
£20-25 is how much a meal goes for at the restaurant The Golden Palace.
The Cambridge Blue is a fast food restaurant with an average customer rating.
Wildwood French coffee Shop near the Ranch has a price range of more than £30 and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Family friendly, low priced, British restaurant Strada scores 3 out of 5 stars and is located near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
There is a family friendly place that is cheap called Green Man close to All Bar One. They are located by the riverside and provide French.
Cocum  is a great place for a coffee for the whole family
Get your authentic Indian cuisine at The Golden Curry. It is kid friendly. This restaurant is located in Riverside near Café Rouge. The customers rate it 1 out of 5.
The Phoenix is a fast food place with moderate pricing. They are in the riverside area and have a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Eagle is a French coffee Shop which is near Burger King by riverside. It is in the  high price range and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5. The Eagle is not child friendly.
Loch Fyne is a kid friendly restaurant that serves Indiana food priced between £20-25 .
A coffee shop that serves higher priced fast food near Café Sicilia is The Punter.  The adult oriented location has an average customer rating.
The Golden Curry is family friendly restaurant. It serves English food. Customers rating for The Golden Curry is low.
Loch Fyne,  a Japanese restaurant with a children friendly environment.
There is a French food restaurant called The Vaults whose prices exceed  £30. At this place children are always welcome.
There is a restaurant close to The Baker called The Wrestlers, which is cheap and suitable for families.
The Golden Palace is an Indian coffee shop that is moderately priced but with poor customer ratings located in the city centre.
The Plough is a high-priced pub that provides Italian food which is children friendly. It is located near Café Rouge.
For an high price average children-friendly coffee shop near The Bakers check out Giraffe.
Blue Spice is a coffee shop that is in the riverside area near Avalon that gets great customer ratings, is priced moderately, but is not very kid friendly.
Alimentum offers cheap Indian food in the city centre, near the Yippee Noodle Bar. It has an average rating by customers.
The Twenty Two, a highly rated children friendly restaurant, is located near The Rice Boat, on the riverside. It costs more than £30.
A low rated cheap Indian coffee shop in Riverside near The Portland Arms is called Cotto.
The Rice Boat is a medium priced sushi restaurant. It is not family-friendly and can be found near the Express by Holiday Inn along the river.
The Rice Boat is a French restaurant that is family friendly located in riverside.  5 our of 5 customer ratings.
there is a nice fast food place that has a 5 out of 5 rating called the Midsummer House which is near the Café Rouge
The Plough is an Indian pub near Café Rouge. Their price range is moderate, and they are kid friendly.
The Eagle is a coffee shop that serves Japanese food. It is located near Burger King, on the riverside. Customer rating is average and yes, it is family friendly.
in the riverside area near The Rice Boat the Bibimbap House serves Japanese food
The Golden Curry has a low rating and isn't family friendly.
The Waterman serves English food in the city center. They are moderately priced, not kid friendly, and have a rating of 1 out of 5.
The Cambridge Blue has a customer rating 1 out of 5, It is a Italian restaurant.
Giraffe is a children friendly coffee shop near The Bakers. It has a high price range and a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Wildwood is a 5 star high priced coffee shop located next to Ranch.
The Olive Grove restaurant is located at the city centre and is family-friendly.
The Mill Pub, located in the city centre, serves expensive Italian dishes.
The Golden Curry is a fast food restaurant with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 that is kid friendly.
Green Man is a Italian pub located in riverside near Café Rouge
Near The Portland Arms, there is a child-friendly French pub named The Dumpling Tree.
The Waterman offers Italian food in a family-friendly riverside setting at very reasonable prices. Please note that customers' reviews have rated it as 'low'.
In Riverside there is a pub called The Mill that sells Indian food for high prices.
The Golden Curry, located next to The Bakers, is a great and inexpensive get-a-way for the family.
The Vaults is family friendly and serves cheap French food
Wildwood is a pub that serves Italian food.  They have a 1 out of 5 customer rating, and a high price range.
Near Burger King in the city centre there is a coffee shop serving Japanese food called The Eagle. It costs more than £30 but has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. This establishment is not child friendly.
Alimentum sells Chinese food in the price range of less than £20. Located in the city centre and it is not family friendly
The Olive Grove in the riverside area provides kid friendly pub food with a reasonable price tag
The Punter is a coffee shop that has average customer reviews, and they are kid friendly. The Punter is located near Café Sicilia.
Aromi coffee shop is a restaurant offering food and drink. It is rated 5 stars and is family friendly.
The Dumpling Tree is a restaurant offering English cuisine at a moderate price.
Chinese food can be found in The Phoenix at a cheap price range, the customers rated it a five out of five and is located by the riverside.
Low rated and not family-friendly The Golden Curry serves Italian.
Families are welcome at The Wrestlers. Low cost, and 5-star!
Loch Fyne is a family friendly restaurant that serves Japanese food.
For family-friendly Indian pub food, check out The Dumpling Tree near The Portland Arms.
The Waterman is low-priced and provides sushi near the River.
The Taste of Cambridge Japanese coffee shop is family friendly.  It is along the riverside near the Crown Plaza Hotel.
Blue Spice, near the river, is an expensive, family friendly place north of the city.
The Browns Cambridge is a 1 star restaurant with fair prices.
Cotto is an Italian restaurant located near the Ranch. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 and it's family friendly.
Fitzbillies is located near The Six Bells. Fitzbillies offers Italian food for a moderate price.
The Cambridge Blue is a pub that serves Italian food.   It is located near the Café Brazil and is more highly priced.
In the city centre there is a place named The Rice Boat that serves English food.
Alimentum provides Indian food in the moderate price range. It is located in the riverside. It is near Yippee Noodle Bar. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a restaurant providing take-away deliveries in the low price range. It is located in the city centre.
Taste of Cambridge is a family friendly French coffee shop located on the riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Strada is children friendly high price rage and as a customer rating of 3 out of 5
The Wrestlers serves cheap French food. It is family-friendly and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Near Café Sicilia The Twenty Two pub which has a rating of 3 out of 5 and runs along the riverside.
In the high price range with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 The Phoenix serves English food located in the riverside area
The Punter is a non-kid friendly and near The Portland Arms and the city center in the moderate price range.
Next to the Café Brazil is The Cambridge Blue which is a low priced pub that specializes in cheese, wine, and grapes.
The Golden Curry serves reasonably priced, delicious Indian food near The Bakers.
The Olive Grove, a kid friendly, French pub, located  riverside, has a price range of £20-25.
The Eagle, located in the city centre, is a small and authentic Indian coffee shop. The Eagle is mediocre shop but it offers fast, cheap food. It is across from Burger King and is not family friendly.
There is a French restaurant located in riverside near Express by Holiday Inn called The Rice Boat.
The Punter sells cheap French food
The Cricketers is a one star pub near the Ranch. It is not family friendly.
The Waterman is a Japanese place with outstanding ratings. They are not kid friendly, priced high and located in riverside.
There is a low-priced restaurant named Midsummer House after All Bar One that providing high-quality foods.
Bibimbap House is a Fast Food restaurant with a high price range. It is located in riverside near to Clare Hall.
The Cambridge Blue is a Chinese restaurant located near the Café Brazil, with food costing more than £30.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop in the Riverside area, unsuitable for children, which serves average rated Indian food at the higher end of the price spectrum
The Rice Boat is a moderately priced, fast-food restaurant, located on the riverside close to the Express by Holiday Inn. It is kid-friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
If you are in the city centre, near Clare Hall, you will find the Clowns. It is a coffee shop that serves Indian food, but its customer rating is rather low.
Cocum is a cheap coffee shop that serves Japanese cuisine and is family-friendly. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge is a restaurant that provides Indian food at a low price and has a customer rating of five stars.
The Phoenix, that received a high customer rating, offers fast food at a moderate price. It is located in city centre.
With a price range of £20-25, The Waterman is a kid-friendly Japanese restaurant in riverside with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Waterman serves high priced Chinese. It is in the riverside are with average ratings and is kid friendly.
The Phoenix is a mid-priced restaurant by the river serving fast food with a one star rating.
The Cambridge Blue is a Japanese restaurant with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Located in Riverside near Café Rouge, The Golden Curry is a French restaurant with a low customer rating. It is not a family restaurant.
The Rice Boat provides Chinese food in the £20-25 price range. It is located in the city centre. It is near Express by Holiday Inn. Its customer rating is high.
in the riverside is a  family friendly French coffee shop named The Eagle with a  price range of less than £20 near Burger King has an average customer rating.
The Phoenix is located in the riverside area. It serves Fast food and has an average rating.
There is a family friendly restaurant called The Vaults that is within the price range of £20. They serve Japanese food.
Browns Cambridge has a low price range and is rated 5 out of 5.
The Mill is located near The Sorrento, with a high price range. We are an Italian inspired coffee shop in the riverside area.
Fitzbillies is located in the city centre, this French coffee shop is in the more than £30 range and is not child friendly.
Aromi is a kids friendly pub in riverside. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Cotto, serves French near Ranch, is kids-friendly and 3 out of 5.
The Phoenix is a low priced restaurant that is in the center of the city with a fair rating.
Browns Cambridge has a low customer rating and prices range from £30 and more.
Strada is a kid friendly venue with a high customer rating and an average price range.
In a moderate price range is The Rice Boat Fast food restaurant, located near Express by Holiday Inn in the city centre.  It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5, so not good, and is not family-friendly, so no kids
The Strada is a pub serving Chinese food. It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and is located near the Yippee Noodle Bar.
The Eagle is a coffee shop in the low price range serving fast food located near Burger King on the riverside.  It is not family-friendly and has a low customer rating.
There is an Indian restaurant near Rainbow Vegetarian Café with a high rating that is kid friendly priced  £20-25. It is called Strada.
Wildwood is a pub that serves cheap Indian food and has a customer rating of five out of five stars.
Strada is a child-friendly restaurant, located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café, serves Japanese food, has a high price range, and was rated 3 out of 5 by customers.
The Eagle is a Chinese restaurant with low customer rating.
The Olive Grove is a Chinese pub is by the river which caters to children and costs more than £30 per meal.
The Waterman is a children friendly Japanese restaurant in the city centre with a price range of more than £30 and a low customer rating.
Enjoy some Indian food at The Waterman pub located in Riverside rated 3 out of 5 by customers.
Located near Café Adriatic, The Vaults is a cheap pub with an average customer rating.
Green Man is a kid friendly restaurant that offers Chinese food.  It is moderately priced and located near All Bar One.
Japanese restaurant, The Twenty Two, is family friendly and located riverside.
Cocum is a coffee shop selling fast food at a high price range, although Cocum is not child friendly, it does receive an average customer rating.
Browns Cambridge provides Chinese food in the less than £20 price range. Its customer rating is low.
The Wrestlers, a child friendly restaurant, serves English food. It is highly priced, and has a 1 star rating.
A coffee shoppe that serves Italian food located at Riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel and is not kid friendly is Taste of Cambridge.
Located at the riverside near Clare Hall, Bibimbap House serves English food with high priced range.
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing Indian food in the high price range. It is located at the riverside, near Burger King. The customer rating is 1 out of 5 and it is not children friendly.
Fitzbillies is a cheap fast food coffee shop in the city centre. Its rating is average and it is not family-friendly.
The Golden Curry is an English restaurant providing food in the low price range.  It is not family-friendly and is located near The Bakers.
Loch Fyne, located on the riverside near The Rice Boat, has Italian food with a 1 out of 5 customer rating.
Clowns is a moderately priced restaurant rated one out of five stars in the Riverside Area
Kids friendly Browns Cambridge serves Fast food in the riverside area near The Sorrento.
Located near Ranch, Cotto serves fast food, has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and is kid friendly.
If you want English Food then go and get it from Browns Cambridge which offers food for more than £30 and has a high customer rating
The Loch Fyne is a moderate priced family restaurant.
The family friendly Indian restaurant, The Golden Curry, is in the riverside area near the Café Rouge and has a high customer rating.
There is a Japanese coffee shop in City Centre with an average rating called Aromi that is not family-friendly.
The Golden Palace is a Japanese coffee shop with low prices and low customer ratings, located in the city centre.
A restaurant with Italian food is The Dumpling Tree.
Cheap food and a family friendly atmosphere at The Wrestlers coffee shop.   Situated riverside near the Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Waterman has Chinese food. It is in the high price range and has an average customer rating. It is not children friendly. It is located by the riverside.
In the centre of this city there is an Indian restaurant named The Phoenix with an average customer rating.
The Phoenix restaurant is in the riverside area, offering English food. It has a 3 out of 5 rating.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop that serves Indian food for less than £20. It is located near Raja Indian Cuisine, in the city centre. Not family friendly.
The Plough is a high price range, children-friendly, located near the Café Rouge Fast food place to eat.
Loch Fyne is a restaurant located in the riverside, is near The Rice Boat and its specialized in English food. Customers rate it 3 out of 5
There is a kid friendly Fast food restaurant named Strada near Rainbow Vegetarian Café, Strada has a moderate price range with 3 out of 5 customer rating.
There is a child-friendly fast-food restaurant called The Waterman, It is by the riverside and has been highly rated by customers with an average price range of £20-25.
The Strada, near Rainbow Vegetarian Café serves English food. Its prices are high, and has only an average customer rating. Also, it's a no children restaurant.
Fitzbillies is an expensive establishment near Express by Holiday Inn with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.  It is not child friendly.
The Japanese restaurant 'Aromi' is located in the city centre.
Midsummer House is an English restaurant with average prices and a 5-star rating. It's near All Bar One.
The Wrestlers serves fast food, cheap price, family friendly, with a average customer rating.
Near the City Centre is The Phoenix, they have pretty good food
The Cambridge Blue is an average price Indian restaurant near Café Brazil
If you want Chinese for dinner or lunch, The Strada, near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café serves you for a moderate price. With a rate of one out of five, it is also kid friendly.
The Waterman is a pub in the riverside area serving English food. Customer rating is low.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly, coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine. It serves French food for less that 20GBP.
Cocum is an expensive pub, where children are welcome. It's not rated highly.
There is a cheap coffee shop Cotto also providing Italian food. It is near The Portland Arms in the city centre. It is rated average by the customers.
Zizzi is a cheap restaurant in riverside
The Olive Grove, an adult friendly pub, offers food and beverages at a reasonable price.
The Waterman serves English food that has a high customer rating. It price range costs more than £30. It is located in the city centre and has a children friendly atmosphere.
Green Man is a high price range children friendly venue on the riverside.
English food is served at The Vaults. It is low-priced and family friendly.
The Mill is moderately priced Chinese food pub in Riverside.
There is a 5 out of 5 rated place near The Rice Boat in the riverside area named Loch Fyne that serves Chinese.
The low customer rated, family friendly restaurant, The Golden Curry, offers a variety of Chinese food.
The Plough is a high priced, child friendly fast food restaurant  located near the Café Rouge.
Midsummer House is a highly rated Japanese place near Café Rouge.
Bargain food at a family friendly pub at The Olive Grove which is situated near the river.
The Twenty Two is a sushi restaurant in City centre.  It is not family friendly.
The Phoenix is a popular Fast food restaurant located in city center.
The Golden Palace is a cheap Italian coffee shop with an average customer rating located in city centre.
The Cambridge Blue is a restaurant serving English Food. It has received an average rating from previous customers.
The Eagle is a 5 star restaurant.
Zizzi is a 3 star family friendly pub which serves Italian food.
The Wrestlers is a high end coffee shop north of the city centre and nearby Raja Indian Cuisine.
In riverside near the Crowne Plaza Hotel is a family friendly coffee shop style restaurant called Taste of Cambridge. They serve fast food type items.
There is a lowly rated Chinese restaurant in riverside, called The Phoenix.
The Punter is a Japanese coffee shop located near Café Sicilia.  It is expensive yet five star rated with family amenities
High-cost and average rated British food is offered at The Wrestlers, which boasts a family-friendly atmosphere.
The Dumpling Tree is a pub near The Portland Arms, that serves Japanese food and is child friendly.
Located next to Raja Indian Cuisine, The Wrestlers is an adult only coffee shop, that is low cost.
Aromi is a fast-food restaurant located in the city centre area.
Fitzbillies, a moderate priced coffee shop in the city centre, is a kid friendly Japanese food place with a 1 out of 5 rating.
The Golden Curry serves English food, is adult only, is in the city centre, is adult only, has a customer rating of 5 out 5 and is near the Café Rouge.
Alimentum providing Japanese Food. It is located in city center near Yippee Noodle Bar. 3 out of 5 Costumer rating and high price range.
The Golden Curry has Italian Food, is kid friendly with a high customer rating and can be found in the riverside area near Café Rouge.
Located at riverside, Clowns is a average pub serving at the good role usual prices.
Strada  offers 3out of 5 rated French food at high price at Rainbow Vegetarian Café
Next to The Six Bells, is the low-cost restaurant the Fitzbillies.  They serves a light menu of British style food along with alcohol.
There is a kid friendly restaurant called the Green Man near All Bar One that sells fast food for about 20-25.
Loch Fyne,a children friendly English  restaurant at a price range of more than  £30.
A Family friendly coffee shop The Eagle serves Japanese food with a high price tag and a low customer rating.  Located in the riverside area, close to Burger King.
Fitzbillies is a poorly rated moderate priced kid friendly coffee shop that offers Italian fare. It is located in the city centre.
Cocum, a family friendly Japanese coffee shop, has moderate prices and low ratings.
Family friendly, Blue Spice, is a low rated coffee shop. The expensive coffee shop is located near Avalon by the riverside.
Located near The Rice Boat in the riverside area, Loch Fyne is an Italian restaurant with a 1 out of 5 customer rating.
Near Burger King in the city centre is a coffee shop named The Eagle, which serves Italian at a price range of more than £30 and it has a high customer rating.
The Dumpling Tree is a restaurant English with cheap price
Rated 1 out of 5, Wildwood is a restaurant close to Café Rouge.
An Italian restaurant near Café Rouge is Cotto.
For a riverside restaurant serving French cuisine, try The Rice Boat.
An Italian restaurant called Alimentum has a high customer rating. It is located near Yippee Noodle Bar. It is averagely priced.
The Vaults is a pub with low customer ratings that is near Café Adriatic.  The price range at The Vaults is more than 30 Euros.
The moderate pricing and a 3 out 5 rating, The Rice Boat serves Chinese food in the city centre near Express by Holiday Inn, and they are kids friendly.
The cheap, low rated pub near Café Adriatic, is called The Vaults
An expensive child friendly  Italian restaurant is The Vaults.
The Vaults is a moderately priced Chinese restaurant that is not family friendly.
The Eagle is a low-cost, fast food, 5-star, coffee shop located near the Burger King by the river.
For more than £30, the coffee shop Cocum serves Japanese food in a children friendly atmosphere. The hold a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
In the riverside area there is a family friendly coffee shop named Fitzbillies. It has a low customer rating, and the price rage is less than 20. It serves French food.
For moderately priced fast food, you could try a family-friendly establishment called The Rice Boat, it can be found in the city centre near Express by Holiday Inn but it has a poor customer rating.
The Dumpling Tree, located near The Portland Arms, serves Italian and is also child friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a high priced Italian restaurant. It is was rated average among customers.
Low rated Strada offers family friendly food for less than 20.
Moderately priced Chinese food in the riverside area Bibimbap House is near Clare Hall
The Mill, a pub with English food with a price range of £20-25 in the riverside
Cocum is a kids friendly coffee shop with average customer service. It  serves fast food in the high price range.
The Cricketers coffee Shop, located in near The Portland Arms. The Cricketers is children friendly. It have high customer rating fast food coffee Shop.
In the city centre is a fast food coffee shop with a high customer rating and a price range of more than £30, it is called The Golden Palace.
The Rice Boat is a Italian restaurant in the city centre on side Express by Holiday Inn with low rank no less than £20
The Wrestlers provides Chinese food in the high price range. Its customer rating is average.
A 3 out of 5 rating and a riverside drink at The Vaults coffee shop. Prices range between £20-£25 located near the Café Brazil.
The Twenty Two is a French restaurant that is non-family-friendly.
Near Burger King is an expensive Indian coffee shop called The Eagle. It is not child friendly and is in the city centre.
Beside Raja Indian Cuisine in riverside there is a child friendly high priced fast food and coffee shop called The Wrestlers.
For under £25 The Wrestlers offers a kid friendly coffee shop serving fast food located in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop providing Indian food in the high price range. It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Cocum is a family-Friendly restaurant with a customer rating of low.
The Punter is a coffee shop providing French food, and is very close of Café Sicilia
With a British feel to it, The Waterman will sell you a full English breakfast. Situated next to the river you can bring your children and babies. They have earned three stars and are in the mid-price range.
The Golden Curry provides Indian food It is located in the city centre. It is near Café Rouge. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
The Rice Boat is located down by the riverside of Cambridge. It serves Indian cuisine and customers say it's a 1 out of 5. Child friendly atmosphere makes for great family stop.
For a cheap family friendly pub try The Waterman.
By the river is a Japanese restaurant called Alimentum with discount prices for families.
The Rice Boat is a Chinese restaurant in the area of Riverside.
The Dumpling Tree is a restaurant that serves fast food for less than £20.
The Eagle is a fast-food burger and fries restaurant with a 3 star rating.
For a high priced restaurant in the riverside area try Zizzi.
A fast food restaurant, called Loch Fyne, is children friendly.
The Cricketers is child friendly near a Ranch and has a Low customer rating
Japanese venue Bibimbap House.  Price range £20-25.  Located near Clare Hall in the riverside area.
The Golden Palace is an averagely rated Indian coffee shop that serves cheap food in Riverside.
The Golden Curry, a family friendly restaurant, is located near The Bakers and has a variety of Indian food at cheap prices.
An adult establishment serving Italian food is The Wrestlers. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and a high price range.
The Waterman is a French eatery located in the city centre. They have high customer ratings and cost between £20-25 but are not child friendly.
Green Man eatery provides  Japanese food in the moderate  price range. It is located in the riverside area near All Bar One adults only
freshly prepared ethnic plates Fitzbillies coffee shop overlooks the river.
The Rice Boat Chinese place is near Express by Holiday Inn in the city centre.  It is children friendly with average customer ratings.  It's price range is high.
If you want cheap Italian food then go to the restaurant called Loch Fyne it is very family friendly too.
Midsummer House is a 3 star Japanese sushi restaurant in the higher price range, located near All Bar One.
The Rice Boat is a low priced family friendly Italian restaurant with a three of five star rating.  It is located in the city centre near Express by Holiday Inn.
Midsummer House is a fairly cheap restaurant located near Café Rouge, they are currently offering English food. The customer rating is 3 out of 5.
The Olive Grove is a pub that provides Chinese food in the less than £20 price range. It is located in the city centre.
There is an inexpensive, family-friendly restaurant called The Rice Boat in the riverside area near Express by Holiday Inn. This restaurant serves English food and has received a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Strada children Friendly restaurant receives low customer Rating  with a price Range of more than 30.
The Olive Grove is a family friendly, expensive pub situated on the river.
The Vaults is an Indian food restaurant with a price range of £20-25 and is kid friendly.
The Wrestlers provides Chinese food in the moderate price range. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
The Clowns in riverside is a pub and the price Range is high but has a customer Rating of 3 out of 5
There is a cheap fast food restaurant near Yippee Noodle Bar in the city centre. It is called Alimentum and it is cheap with an average customer rating.
The Waterman is a restaurant located in the Crowne Plaza Hotel.
The Punter is a 1-star coffee shop providing fast food in the low price range. It is located beside Café Sicilia and not suitable for families.
The Mill pub serves French food, have a price range of more than £30 and are located in city centre.
The Twenty Two has a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is kids-friendly and has a price range of  £20-25. Its near The Rice Boat in riverside area.
There is a coffee shop, named Wildwood, located near Ranch, its price range is on the higher side being more than £30, it serves fast food and has a high customer rating.
The Cambridge Blue  is a pub that serves  fine seafood cuisine at a moderate cost located conveniently next to Café Brazil come check us out.
Clowns is a pub providing refreshments in the low price range. It is located to the north of the city centre.
The Rice Boat at Express by Holiday Inn offers good complete meal deals at very affordable prices.
Alimentum is an Indian restaurant in the cheap price range with a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is located in the city centre near Yippee Noodle Bar.
There is a low-priced restaurant, Midsummer House located near All Bar One which has an average customer rating.
Browns Cambridge have an average customer rating with a high price range.
There is a place that serves Japanese food that is family friendly for less than 20 pounds but has a low customer rating.  It is called The Wrestlers.
Alimentum is located near the Yippee Noodle Bar north of the city center.  Alimentum is a higher priced dining place that features wine and cheese.
The Waterman, a French cuisine pub in the riverside area with outstanding ratings.
Aromi coffee shop serves Indian cuisine and is highly rated it is by the riverside and is family friendly.
Cotto is a cheap, Italian coffee shop in city centre, near The Portland Arms. They have a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Rice Boat is a restaurant providing English foods  and located near Express by Holiday Inn in city centre with rating of 1 out of 5. It is not kids-friendly.
Located riverside near Yippee Noodle Bar,  English venue Alimentum has prices below £20 but a low customer rating.
Aromi is located in the riverside area and is considered child friendly. It is a coffee shop and provides Japanese food. It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Punter serves English food and is reasonably priced.
Kids love the Giraffe, English riverside pub.
There is this place named The Rice Boat that provides Indian food in a cheap price range and has an average customer Rating but is not family Friendly. It's located in the riverside near Express by Holiday Inn.
Located near The Rice Boat in the city centre is an Indian restaurant called Loch Fyne, with average customer reviews
In the city centre near the Crowne Plaza Hotel, is a not family-friendly French coffee shop that is rated 5 out of 5.  It is Browns Cambridge.
Fitzbillies is an oriental sushi bar located on the riverside, offering a family-friendly environment and high quality food in the high price range. Rated 3 stars.
Cocum is a cheap coffee shop and it's family friendly. It serves Japanese food and its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
The Wrestlers serves cheap French food. It is not family-friendly, but customers rate it as a 5 out of 5 stars.
The Rice Boat in riverside near Express by Holiday Inn serves Indian food costing more than 30 pounds. They have a high rating, but are not kid friendly.
The Phoenix is an Indian food place with a price range of 20-25 pounds. It has a high customer rating and is located in the city centre.
Cotto coffee shop, on the riverside near The Portland Arms, serves moderately-priced, good French food.
The Olive Grove is a high priced fast-food pub in riverside that is child friendly.
There is a Japanese coffee shop called The Eagle located near Burger King in the riverside area. It has a price range of less than 20 pounds and a low customer rating. It is also family-friendly.
The Rice Boat is a place that does Japanese food in the £20 price range with average customer ratings that is not child friendly in the city centre near the Express by Holiday Inn
There is a pub in the city centre called The Twenty Two located near Café Sicilia that has a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
Child friendly restaurant called The Waterman that has reasonably priced meals for around £20-£25.
The Punter serves English food. It has a high price range.
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop located near Crown Plaza Hotel.
I heard of this coffee shop called The Vaults near Café Brazil in riverside, its moderately priced but only has a 1 star customer rating.
Clowns pub style diner in Riverside has an average customer rating with high prices.
Cotto coffee shop serves above average food with prices starting at more than £30. Cotto coffee shop is located near The Portland Arms in the riverside area.
The Rice Boat serves cheap English food and has a 5 out of 5 rating, it's located in the city center near  Express by Holiday Inn.
Taste of Cambridge is a children friendly coffee shop on the riverside, near the Crowne Plaza Hotel, that offers fast food.
The high priced children friendly pub, The Plough, offers Japanese food and is located near Café Rouge
The Wrestlers provides Chinese food in the moderate price range. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Near Ranch, is a Cotto, a Japanese eatery, which isn't family-friendly and has  average customer ratings
For Italian food on the riverside, try The Waterman. The Waterman is highly rated, and with reasonable prices - though it's not child friendly.
Not viewed as child friendly, average rated coffee Shop, The Punter, serves Italian food and it is a highly priced alternative to Café Sicilia which sits nearby.
The Cricketers coffee shop, near The Portland Arms serves Japanese food. It has a low customer rating and is not family-friendly.
The riverside pub Clowns should cost less than £20 and has an average customer rating.
Wildwood is a pub that serves Japanese food. It is highly rated and offers an average priced menu.
Midsummer House is an inexpensive Italian restaurant rated 5 out of 5 stars.  It is located near All Bar One.
Alimentum is a family friendly fast food place that has a price range less than £20 and located in the riverside area.
Cotto is a moderately priced establishment found in riverside near All Bar One.
For a  high priced 1 star pub  Wildwood is the place to go.
Located in the city centre near Burger King, The Eagle is family-friendly with a low rating. It's in the less than £20 price range and serves Italian food.
Zizzi is a high priced coffee shop but does offer facilities for families
Aromi is a coffee shop providing family-style dining.. It is located close to the city center and has a superb view across the river.
The Olive Grove pub providing Japanese Food. It is located in riverside area.
The riverside fast food restaurant, The Rice Boat,  is an okay children friendly place to eat with customer ratings of 1 out of 5.
If you want Indian food with a price range of around £30, then The Plough is a good choice. It is children-friendly pub located near Café Rouge.
The Waterman having Indian food in less than £20, with low customer rating, located in city centre but no family friendly.
The restaurant Alimentum is a high range Chinese joint. Customer ratings is 1 out of 5 and this restaurant is located near the city centre near the Yippee Noodle Bar
A cheap restaurant called Blue Spice is located in the area of riverside.
Alimentum offers Chinese food at low prices. You can find it in the city centre and it is family friendly.
There is a fast-food restaurant with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 called The Cambridge Blue.
Fitzbillies is a cheap, family friendly Fast food and coffee shop in the Riverside area. it has a rating of 5 out of 5.
The Wrestlers Chinese restaurant, cheap prices, child friendly, 5 out of 5 customer ratings
The Wrestlers is a kids Friendly Fast food restaurant with moderate price range. It has customer rating of 1 out of 5.
In the city centre, there is a highly priced and averagely rated coffee shop. It is located near The Portland Arms and it provides Italian food. Its name is Cotto.
Midsummer House is a restaurant with a 5 out of 5 rating that serves low-priced Japanese food. It's near All Bar One.
There is an inexpensive restaurant called Zizzi located near the river.
The Golden Palace is a low-priced coffee shop north of the city centre and neat the river.
Alimentum provides Indian food in the moderate price range. It is located in the riverside. It is near Yippee Noodle Bar. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Far from the city center and by the river is the 3 star quality The Phoenix restaurant
The Wrestlers which serves English food in price range of more than £30,  it is not children friendly and has a high customer rating.
The Rice Boat is a 5-star rated, inexpensive sushi restaurant near Express by Holiday Inn. Children are welcomed.
the Alimentum at riverside is kids friendly and serves French food costing £20 - £25
The Golden Curry is Japanese food near The Bakers, is kids friendly and only costs £20-25.
The Wrestlers serves moderately priced Chinese food. It has average customer ratings and is not kid friendly.
The Punter provides Indian food in the £20-25 price range.
The Golden Curry offers Italian food and has an average customer rating. Children welcome.
Italian food restaurant at The Dumpling Tree in the moderate price range
Cotto serves Indian food near Ranch. It is family friendly and has a low customer rating.
Loch Fyne is a high-priced Indian food restaurant that is not children friendly.
Alimentum serves Indian food and has a moderate price range. It is in riverside and is kid friendly.
Blue Spice is an averagely priced coffee shop located in the riverside area near Avalon. It is not child friendly but it does have  high customer ratings.
The Plough is a Japanese pub near Café Rouge. Their prices are less than £20 and they are family friendly.
At the riverside close to Café Rouge is situated kids-friendly Italian food restaurant rated 1 out of 5 named The Golden Curry.
Cotto is a coffee shop located in Riverside near The Portland Arms. It serves fast food in the price range of £20-25. Its customer rating is high.
Though not kids friendly, The Wrestlers has a high customer rating, French food and has a £20-25 price range.
Browns Cambridge is a low-prices restaurant that provides high quality foods.
Family friendly coffee shop The Cricketers has a low customer rating. It is located near The Portland Arms.
there is a children friendly coffee shop in the town centre called Fitzbillies.  it serves Italian food for more than £30 and is highly rated
The Phoenix, located in the riverside area, has a low customer rating, but sells English food in the low price range.
The Punter is an Indian food coffee shop. It is high priced, average customer rating and is not kid friendly. It is located near Café Sicilia.
Strada has low customer ratings. Their prices range less than 20, and they are family friendly.
The Rice Boat is an English restaurant in the city centre, such a great place for family
Fitzbillies is an expensive Italian coffee shop in the riverside area. It is children-friendly and has an average customer rating.
Clowns is a cheap coffee shop, located in city center near Clare Hall that offers Indian food.
The Waterman located near the Crowne Plaza Hotel serves Italian food in a family Friendly environment.
The Green Man, which is near riverside and the All Bar One, is a kid friendly fast food place for L20-25.
Near Café Rouge is Midsummer House, offering burgers
The Phoenix is a high rated Chinese restaurant located riverside.
There is a fast food place near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café  called Strada. It is kid friendly. The customer rating is high. The price range is £20-25.
The Plough is a cheap family friendly Indian pub near Café Rouge.
The Japanese restaurant Strada is located near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café. It usually cost less than £20 per person and it's kids friendly. The ratings for this restaurant are average.
A French pub, called The Waterman, has a high customer rating of a 5 out of 5, and is located in the riverside area.
The Rice Boat, near Express by Holiday Inn in the city centre, has a high customer rating and offers French food in the £20-25 price range, however is not child friendly.
Cotto is a family friendly Indian restaurant with average ratings near Ranch.
The Eagle is a French restaurant with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a 3 star restaurant that is cheap.
Fast food restaurant The Waterman is family-friendly and located in town, rated at 3 out of 5 with a moderate price of food.
Conveniently located in the city center is The Olive Grove.  It features English food,  average prices,  and a pub atmosphere.  It is not family-friendly.
In riverside please find The Twenty Two serving Japanese food. It is family friendly
Fitzbillies is an expensive place located on the rivers banks that is fun for the family.
Poorly rated Fast food store in riverside is The Rice Boat.
Near Yippee Noodle Bar in the city centre is, Alimentum. Serving Chinese with a moderate price range that has a 1 out of 5 customer rating.
The Waterman is a highly rated, kid-friendly Italian restaurant in the city centre. It has a price range of L20-25.
Children friendly restaurant Strada with a price range of more than £30 has a low customer rating.
At the Loch Fyne restaurant, you can find English foods and a kid-friendly atmosphere.
The Twenty Two is a children-friendly Italian restaurant.
Near Café Rouge is a poorly rated fast food place called Midsummer House.
The Dumpling Tree is an adult only pub near The Portland Arms.
The Twenty Two is a 3 star place located next to The Rice Boat and is high priced and family friendly.
Clowns pub has a high price range and an average customer rating.
There is a coffee shop called The Cricketers serving fast food near The Portland Arms. It is rated highly by its customers and is child friendly.
The Golden Curry is family friendly and is riverside near Café Rouge. They serve English food and are customer rated as low.
With a 1 out of 5 customer rating The Cricketers pub is children friendly is by the Ranch
near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café is a cheap family friendly Café serving British food with a 5 out of 5 rating called Strada
High priced coffee shop Giraffe, is a family friendly venue located next to The Bakers.  It scores 1 out of 5 stars.
The Golden Curry is a cheap, family friendly restaurant near The Bakers that serves French food.
Fitzbillies is a Japanese no  kids friendly coffee shop with a 3 out of 5 rating and priced at £20-25 located by the riverside.
The Eagle is a sushi restaurant with a one star rating.
located in the riverside area near The Rice Boat The Twenty Two has a customer rating of 3 out of 5, a high price range and is kid friendly
Loch Fyne near The Rice Boat is English food with a low rating in riverside.
Strada is located near the Yippee Noodle Bar. It is a French pub with a low customer rating.
The Olive Grove is a quiet riverside pub offering quality meals.
Near The Yippee Noodle Bar is a high priced eatery called The Alimentum.  It is near the city centre.
Bibimbap House serves Chinese food for less than £20 in the city centre near Clare Hall.
The Cambridge Blue 5 start restaurant is a great place to eat.
The Taste of Cambridge is near Crowne Plaza Hotel and riverside.   It is a coffee shop that provides Japanese food, and is family friendly.
Find superb English food down at riverside at the Alimentum. For between £20-£25 you can feed the whole family. kids-friendly.
The Olive Grove is a Chinese pub in the city centre that normally costs less than £20. It is not family friendly.
The Golden Curry serving Chinese food is a place to take the family.  It's located  in the riverside area near Café Rouge.
The Cambridge Blue pub serves Japanese food with average prices and located near Café Brazil.
Wildwood is a high quality, low priced pub
There is a French coffee shop called Wildwood, with a price range of more than £30 and has received a customer rating of 5 out of 5, it can be found near Ranch.
Mid-cost and highly rated Italian food can be found at Fitzbillies coffee shop. It is family-friendly.
In riverside there is a coffee shop named Zizzi that has a rating of 3 out of 5, price range of 20-25, and is not kid friendly.
The Eagle is a low price Fast food near the Burger King with low customer rating.
Giraffe is a family friendly pub in the riverside area serving Italian food.
Blue Spice is a 5 out of 5 rated restaurant in the riverside area. It has prices above £30 and isn't child friendly.
The Mill is a Japanese pub located in the city centre with a price range that is more than £30.
The Olive Grove pub providing Japanese Food. It is located in riverside area.  more than £30 price range.
A high priced restaurant is The Golden Palace.
Browns Cambridge is centrally located on the map.
Browns Cambridge is a family-friendly restaurant offering English food in the city centre near The Sorrento.
The Vaults restaurant serves Japanese food.
The family friendly restaurant Loch Fyne serves English food.
The Waterman is a restaurant providing low quality food  and family services in the average price range. It is located in the north of the city
The Waterman is an expensive, three star restaurant, located near the river.
Located next to Café Sicilia, The Punter coffee shop, family friendly three star Café
Loch Fyne is a restaurant located in City Centre near The Rice Boat.  5 out of 5 customer rating.
Cocum is a moderately priced coffee shop that is family friendly.
A low-rated coffee shop near The Bakers is Giraffe, which is kids-friendly and priced highly.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop that serves both coffee and fast food. The price range is a bit higher than average, but it also has a high customer rating.
One kid friendly pub serving fast food in the vicinity of The Portland Arms is The Dumpling Tree.
Blue Spice has a cheap price range and a customer rating 5 out of 5; it is a coffee shop near Avalon in the city centre area with family-friendly service.
In the centre of the city is Blue Spice.  It has average prices.
In the city center is a Japanese restaurant named The Golden Curry located near Café Rouge. The Golden Curry is family-friendly and has an average rating.
There is this place called The Waterman that provides Chinese food that has a price Range of £20-25 and has a high customer rating but is not kids friendly. It is located in the riverside
Alimentum is a very expensive dine in restaurant located near the Yippee Noodle Bar that has terrible reviews.
The Golden Curry is a Chinese restaurant in the moderate price range.  It is located near The Bakers and is not  kid friendly.
The Eagle serves French cuisine that is rated as average
The Phoenix is an expensive Japanese restaurant with low customer ratings located by the riverside.
Near Express by Holiday Inn in the riverside area is an English restaurant called The Rice Boat. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 and has a cheap price range but is not kid-friendly.
Cotto is a coffee shop with a high customer rating.  It serves Indian food for between £20 and £25.  It is in the city centre near The Portland Arms.
The Eagle is a coffee shop located in Riverside near Burger King. They serve moderately priced Japanese food and received a 1 out of 5 customer rating.
The Golden Curry is located near to The Six Bells. They do not presently cater for families with small children.
Find English food at a price range of less than £20 on the riverside at The Olive Grove Pub. it not a family-friendly pub.
Located near Café Sicilia, The Punter, is a fast food coffee shop. They have a high customer rating but the prices are fairly expensive.
The  coffee shop Zizzi has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.  The coffee shop is not conducive for children.  They are located in the city centre and the prices are more than £30.
The Mill is a pub that provides Chinese food at a moderate price range in Riverside.
There is a high-priced restaurant Loch Fyne that provides cheeses, wine, fruits and desserts. It is suitable for families.
Strada, a restaurant offering Italian cuisine, is located near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café. It has a low rating of only 1 out of 5, but the price range is moderate and is kid-friendly.
Taste of Cambridge is a non family-friendly Italian  coffee shop located in the city centre, near the Crowne Plaza Hotel.
The Rice Boat serves Chinese food at a moderate price range. The rating given to this venue by the city centre was a three out of five. It is child friendly and is nearby the Express by Holiday Inn
The Eagle is a children friendly coffee shop in the city center. The Eagle is a high priced, Italian place is near Burger King.
Giraffe welcomes kids and offers English pub food near riverside.
The Cambridge Blue is a pub providing English food in the high price range and located near Café Brazil.
Serving Japanese food at high prices, and a child friendly atmosphere, The Olive Grove is located in the city centre.
The Phoenix offers Italian food for less than £20 in the riverside area. It has  a low customer rating.
The Eagle has moderately priced fast food.  It's not kind friendly.  It rates 1 out of 5 and is located neat Burger King at Riverside.
The Eagle is based in the riverside area near Burger King. It offers fast food.
The Golden Curry is a Sushi bar.  The prices are low and it is family friendly.  It is near The Bakers.
For an English restaurant in the city centre that has an excellent rating of 5 out of 5 , The Phoenix is a lovely place to go
A fast food coffee shop that serves food for less that 20 pounds is The Mill  in the riverside area near The Sorrento .
Fitzbillies is a non children friendly coffee shop in riverside, with high priced Japanese food. There costumer rating is 3 out of 5.
Fitzbillies, is a coffee shop near the centre of the city offering great food at competitive prices.
Giraffe is a restaurant where the price range is £20 and under and is located near The Six Bells
Near the river, and  close to Café Adriatic, is The Travellers Rest Beefeater, serving mid price range food.
Children friendly, The Dumpling Tree, is a pub that serves Japanese food and is found near The Portland Arms.
The Phoenix sells food for an expensive price. It received a one-star rating.
The Phoenix is a low-priced restaurant that serves sushi.
A family friendly coffee shop called Browns Cambridge which serves fast food is located near Crowne Plaza Hotel on the riverside. It's rated average.
The Punter is a coffee shop that serves fast food at a higher price range.  It is located near Café Sicilia.  It has an average customer rating and is not child friendly.
Wildwood pub is a rather cheap French food restaurant with a low customer rating.
The Twenty Two is a restaurant 5of5located near The Rice Boat in the centre of the city, serves dishes from £30
Midsummer House, which was rated 5 out of 5, serves French food near Café Rouge.
Cocum coffee shop offers cheap food and beverage options in a family-friendly environment. It has a 3 of 5 star review.
Browns Cambridge provides Indian food in the moderate price range. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
There is a location moderate priced, average-rated and kid friendly called Fitzbillies located near Express by Holiday Inn
A restaurant named The Golden Palace has a price range of less than £20.
The Waterman is a high priced children friendly fast food restaurant with an average rating in the city centre.
A high priced French restaurant that customers rated 3 out of 5 is called The Waterman. It's in the city centre and it is children friendly.
The family friendly Giraffe pup has Chinese food and is located in the city centre.
Aromi is a coffee shop that serves Indian food. It is in riverside, family friendly and has low customer rating.
The Wrestlers is a cheap French coffee shop in riverside. it is family friendly and located by Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Waterman is a child-friendly fast food restaurant with moderate food prices. The Waterman is moderately priced and has customer ratings of 3 out of 5.
Midsummer House serves Japanese food, located near Café Rouge. Rated 3 out of 5
Strada provides Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is near Rainbow Vegetarian Café. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a well-known, pricey place by the Express by Holiday Inn.
In the city centre, there is a one star, not kid friendly, restaurant called The Golden Curry.
The Waterman, is a Fast food restaurant located in riverside. It has average customer ratings, high price rand and is not children friendly.
Loch Fyne is a child friendly Japanese restaurant with a moderate price range.
Loch Fyne is an Italian restaurant. Low priced but not family friendly.
Browns Cambridge is located near The Sorrento in the city centre. It welcomes young and old to feast on its Chinese cuisine.
With a customer rating of 1 out of 5 The Eagle serves fast food.
There is a family-friendly restaurant The Rice Boat located near Express by Holiday Inn that provides French food. Its price is less than £20 and low customer rating.
The Cambridge Blue is a Fast food restaurant that customers rated a 3 out of 5.
The Mill is a high-priced Chinese pub in the city centre.
Located next to All Bar One, Midsummer House serves medium priced British food.
There is a low-priced restaurant, Browns Cambridge, that provides high quality foods.
Cocum is a coffee shop offering Italian food, rated highly by customers. It is not suitable for children
The Rice Boat is a Japanese restaurant providing take-away deliveries in the less than £20 price range. It is located in the city centre near Express by Holiday Inn.
Strada is a Chinese restaurant in the less than £20 price range with a low customer rating.  it is not family friendly and is located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
The Olive Grove is located city center offering a children friendly Italian pub setting.
Wildwood is a expensive pup located in the city centre.
The Waterman is an Italian good restaurant located in the riverside area.  It has a 1 out of 5 rating and high-priced.
The Vaults is a restaurant serving fast food.
Italian food is served at The Eagle and customers rate it highly.
Strada is a family amicable eatery close by Rainbow Vegetarian Café that offers Italian sustenance and has extremely modest costs. Strada additionally has a 5 out of 5 client rating.
Fitzbillies is a Fast food restaurant near The Six Bells.  The average price range is £20-25.
A moderately priced pub The Olive Grove in riverside is kids friendly.
The Rice Boat serves fast food by the riverside. It is not kid-friendly and has a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
The Punter is a family-friendly coffee shop near Café Sicilia that serves fast food. It is moderately priced and has a customer rating of one out of five.
In riverside there is a coffee shop named Aromi that serves French food. They are not family-friendly and have a low customer rating.
Strada is an English restaurant that serves high-priced cuisine.  It is located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café and is child-friendly.
Alimentum is Chinese food that is less that twenty pounds in the city center that is family friendly.
Loch Fyne is a typical fast food restaurant located on the riverside near The Rice Boat.
The Eagle which is located at riverside is a favorite among customers. With a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and an average price of £20-25
The Punter is a Japanese coffee shop with a low rating. It's very pricey, family friendly, and located near Café Sicilia.
Clare Hall is located near a full service restaurant Bibimbap House restaurant located north of the City center.
The Rice Boat in the city centre area serves Indian food. It is family friendly and has a low customer rating.
Near the city centre area is a French food restaurant named The Waterman.  It is child-friendly and has a low customer rating in which customers should be prepared to pay £30.
Alimentum provides cheap Japanese style food in a family friendly environment in the Riverside area.
The Golden Palace is an expensive restaurant that has an average customer rating that is a coffee shop in City center that services Italian food.
Aromi is a coffee shop providing Indian food It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is low.
Loch Fyne is a fast food restaurant. It is a family friendly restaurant with dishes costing less than £20.
Alimentum is a place with a moderate price range that serves French food, is kid friendly, and is located in riverside.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop is located near Raja Indian Cuisine by the river. They are a reasonably priced restaurant that is family friendly.
The Dumpling Tree is a French restaurant with a moderate price range.
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly, 3-star  coffee shop next to Crowne Plaza Hotel.
There is a restaurant, The Cambridge Blue that has an average customer rating and serves Indian food
The Cricketers coffee shop serves Japanese food for adults only average customer rating near The Portland Arms
The Golden Curry is a child friendly  Fast food restaurant in the riverside area near the Café Rouge with a customer rating of 1 out of 5
Travellers Rest Beefeater is more than 30 euros with a low customer rating. It is located in the city centre near Café Adriatic.
the Alimentum is  a Indian restaurant with a poor customer rating of 1 out of 5, in the riverside area near Yippee Noodle Bar.
Near Crowne Plaza Hotel is Taste of Cambridge, a children friendly coffee shop that serves Italian food. It is located by the riverside.
Japanese food for less than £20 at Browns Cambridge. Low customer rating.
For a moderate price, a family can enjoy an English meal near Express by Holiday Inn, across from the river. The Rice Boat has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Waterman serving Japanese cuisine is located close to the city centre it has a customer review rating of 1 out of 5 but has a moderate price list.
The Plough is not a family-friendly pub. It serves fast food for less than £20 and is situated near Café Rouge.
The Golden Curry is an average rated adult only English eatery
The Plough is a high-priced Italian pub near Café Rouge that is kid-friendly.
The Rice Boat is a family-friendly, Japanese restaurant located in the city centre with an average customer rating.
The Vaults is a moderately priced, 3-star coffee shop located riverside near Café Brazil.
The Rice Boat is an Italian restaurant near Express by Holiday Inn. It is moderately priced and not kid friendly. It is located on the riverside and received a 1 out of 5 rating.
Blue Spice is an establishment with a high customer rating with a price range of more than £30. it is near the riverside and yes it is children friendly
Cotto serves Chinese food near Ranch, they have a high customer Rating and are children friendly.
The Olive Grove is a kid friendly pub in riverside with prices between £20-25.
The Twenty Two is in the high price range, it is located in the riverside area near The Rice Boat. It is child friendly and has an average customer rating.
The Waterman is  a restaurant in Riverside with low customer ratings. It's not kid friendly but is considered moderate priced fast food.
Café Rouge is a fast food restaurant near Midsummer House with a high rating.
The Phoenix makes less than £20 an hour. They are located in city centre and sell Japanese food. They recently scored a low rating.
There's an Italian pub The Waterman with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 in city centre.
There is a riverside pub offering fast food in a child friendly venue called Giraffe.
There is a Chinese venue in the city centre called Browns Cambridge that is not family friendly. It is near The Sorrento.
The Golden Palace located in Riverside, is a coffee shop, which also serves Italian food. The price range is moderate and customer rating is 3 out of 5.
The Golden Curry is an Italian place in riverside. It's near Café Rouge and is kid-friendly, but it only has a 1 out of 5 rating.
Fitzbillies coffee shop that offers Italian food. is not a family-friendly prices are between £ 20-25. it is near The Portland Arms. Customer ratings are low. It is located in the riverside
If you are looking for Italian food priced around £30, or a bit more, down by the riverside, I would recommend The Mill. It has a pub atmosphere, so it is a relaxing place to be and eat.
The Plough is a pub located near Café Rouge. They offer Indian food at a price range over £30 and they are children friendly.
The Rice Boat is near Express by Holiday Inn by a riverside and it is kids friendly with a moderate price range. Customers have given it a 3 out of 5 rating.
The Japanese food, The Eagle, has a high customer rating.
The coffee shop named Fitzbillies located in the city center was rated 1 out of 5 by customers. The children were friendly despite the high prices there.
Near Rainbow Vegetarian Café, Strada English restaurant features a moderate price range with a customer rating of 3 out of 5. We are not kid friendly.
The Waterman is an adult only Indian restaurant located in the city centre, they are rated 3 out of 5 and have moderate prices.
The Rice Boat, located near Express by Holiday Inn in the city centre,  offers Italian food and cheap prices. It is family-friendly and has an average customer rating.
We are a Japanese restaurant called Alimentum and can be found in the Riverside area of Cambridge, near to the Yippee Noodle Bar.  Our customer rating is high and our average price for a meal is £20-25.  Please come and see what we are all about.
The Eagle has English food with a 1 out of 5 customer rating.
The Rice Boat is near Rainbow Vegetarian Café with an average rating, priced less than £20
There is a family friendly restaurant in your price range  of less than £20 called Travellers Rest Beefeater.
Blue Spice is a high end coffee shop in the city centre of Avalon customers rate it 3 out of 5 as it isn't children friendly
Browns Cambridge is a French restaurant in riverside that is near The Sorrento with children friendly service.
Zizzi is a family-friendly pub offering British food. It has a one-star rating.
Blue Spice is located in the city centre of Avalon. It is expensive and has bathrooms.
The Twenty Two is a riverside restaurant providing English food. It is family friendly.
The Golden Curry is an Italian restaurant with a moderate price range that is kid friendly. It is located near The Bakers.
Wildwood is a pub offering Italian food. It is cheaply priced and is rated 1 star.
The family friendly Italian pub called The Plough is cheap and near Café Rouge.
The Phoenix is a Japanese restaurant in Riverside with a 1 out of 5 customer satisfaction score.
A pub of Japanese food is Zizzi that has a low customer rating and family friendly.
There is a children friendly pub The Dumpling Tree near The Portland Arms that has Fast food.
By the riverside, near Crown Plaza Hotel, there is a family friendly French coffee shop, Browns Cambridge with low customer rating.
The Vaults pub near Café Adriatic sells high priced food and has an average customer rating.
A  restaurant called Blue Spice is located in the city centre area and is not family-friendly. It has a low customer rating with a price range of less then £20.
Near the river, The Phoenix serves fast food. They have a high customer rating and a high price range.
The Golden Curry has a low customer rating and is not family friendly, but they are another place where you can get Indian food.
With a high customer rating, The Rice Boat is child friendly. They serve Indian food at a price range of £20-25. It is located in the city centre near the Express by Holiday Inn
Cocum is a coffee shop serving Fast food in the moderate price range. It is not kid friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Eagle is a family friendly coffee shop located near Burger King in the city centre which offers good food at a premium price.
A child friendly Fast food place called The Olive Grove is a high priced pub on the riverside
The Wrestlers provides Indian food in the less than £20 price range. Its customer rating is low.
Alimentum is a Italian restaurant located in the riverside near Yippee Noodle Bar, it has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and a high price range.
At the All Bar One near riverside is the Green Man. The food is Japanese and is less than £20. yes it is family friendly.
Near Café Adriatic is Travellers Rest Beefeater, a high priced riverside restaurant rated 3 out of 5 stars.
The Phoenix is providing Chinese food in the  price range. It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is average.
The Twenty Two has a moderate price range and is child friendly. It is located by the riverside, near The Rice Boat. It has a customer Rating of 1 out of 5.
The Cambridge Blue is a pub providing English food in the high price range and located near Café Brazil.
The Rice Boat is an English food establishment in the city centre with a low customer rating. It isn't family-friendly.
Midsummer House is a restaurant located in All Bar One that serves Indian food.
Fitzbillies near to The Six Bells serves cheap and Fast food.
The Golden Curry with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 serves French food.  It is kid friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop that serves Indian food in the riverside near the Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is a kid friendly venue with a high customer rating.
The Yippee Noodle Bar is in the city centre near to Alimentum Fast food and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 with a high price range.
Alimentum is an English restaurant by riverside. It has a high price range and is not kid-friendly.
5 star coffee shop offering Japanese food, The Punter, is worth the money for a night out.  Located near Café Sicilia, it is not a place to bring your kids.
The Wrestlers sells Japanese food for £20-25. It's a coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine by riverside.
Moderately priced Chinese restaurant on the riverside, The Waterman has a 1 out of 5 customer rating and is child friendly.
Near to The Portland Arms there is a restaurant called Clowns.
Strada provides Indian food in the less than £20 price range. It is near Rainbow Vegetarian Café. Its customer rating is low.
The Golden Palace is an expensive coffee and Italian food shop located by the riverside, customers don't love it.
At the riverside , Clowns is a excellent, but cheap pub.
The Golden Palace is a high priced restaurant.
The Vaults has a low customer rating with a price range below L20. It is located near Café Adriatic.
Alimentum is located near Yippee Noodle Bar by the riverside. It offers French food at a cheap price range and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Twenty Two is a kid friendly moderately priced 1 out of 5 rated restaurant near The Rice Boat on the riverside.
The Waterman serves Italian food, for a moderate price and a kid friendly atmosphere in Riverside.  Customer rating is 5.
The Golden Palace at Riverside restaurant average rating
The average-priced Italian coffee shop in the riverside area is named Fitzbillies. They serve adults and have average reviews.
Located in the riverside area near The Portland Arms, Cotto is a high-priced fast food coffee shop with an average customer rating.
Cheap Indian food is served at the The Waterman located near city centre. Rated 5 out of 5 and no, it is not family friendly.
The Olive Grove is a pub that provides Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in the city centre.
The Waterman is  child friendly and prices range from £20-£25.
There is a cheap coffee shop near Café Sicilia.  The Punter serves French food and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge is a restaurant providing in the cheap price range and people rating 5 out of 5
The Rice Boat is a child friendly Chinese restaurant that has a high price range, It is rated average by customers and near the Express by Holiday Inn.
The Olive Grove is a kids friendly pub that serves fast food at a moderate price range in the riverside area.
There's a family-friendly Italian restaurant called The Loch Fyne, with a price range less than £20
The Golden Curry serves French food and has a low customer rating. It is located riverside near Café Rouge.
Fitzbillies offers French food in a coffee shop setting in the riverside area. They offer a price range of £20-25 with a high customer rating. They are not kid friendly.
Fitzbillies is a moderately priced Italian restaurant located near The Six Bells.
The Golden Curry is a family friendly Chinese food restaurant located in the city centre near Café Rouge. It received a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
There is a place called The Strada that is kid friendly and cheap. It is near Rainbow Vegetarian Café and has low ratings.
The Rice Boat is a poorly rated expensive Italian food restaurant that is not child friendly. It is located in the city centre near Express by Holiday Inn.
There is a fast food coffee shop located in the riverside area. It is called Aromi, has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and children are welcome there.
Fitzbillies is a restaurant near The Six Bells offering fast food within the £20-25 range.
located in the riverside area is the kid friendly Fast food pub Giraffe
Close to Rainbow Vegetarian Café, Strada low cost low quality no time family friendly
Located near All Bar One is the 5 star Midsummer House which offers affordable dining.
Alimentum  is a moderate-priced restaurant in the city centre that allows children to enjoy a Chinese dinner.
Located near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café, is an Italian restaurant called the Strada. The price range is less than £20, the customer ratings are low and it is not family-friendly.
The Olive Grove is a pub that serves moderately priced fast food in riverside. It is not child friendly.
Green Man has Indian food and is located in riverside near All Bar One. It has high-range pricing and is not kid-friendly.
coffee Shop, The Wrestlers, is reasonably priced.  Located near Raja Indian Cuisine, it's not considered family friendly.
French food is available at the Wildwood pub at an average price of £20-£25. Customer rating 3 out of 5.
The Plough is a moderately priced, family friendly pub near the Café Rouge.
There is a fast food. restaurant near The Rice Boat on the riverside. It is named Loch Fyne and has a low customer rating.
The Twenty Two offers Indian food in the Riverside area with a child friendly atmosphere.
Strada has a moderate price range with 3 out of 5 customer rating they are a  kid friendly Fast food restaurant near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
The Golden Palace serves fast food in a coffee shop, located in the city centre. Despite low ratings it has low prices.
The Midsummer House serves expensive English food near All Bar One with an average customer rating.
Located near the Express by Holiday Inn in riverside, The Rice Boat serves highly rated and cheap Indian food, however, it is not kid friendly.
Blue Spice is a Chinese restaurant in the riverside area where you can eat for less than £20.
Browns Cambridge offers an exclusive riverside view near The Sorrento; fine French cuisine and family friendly environment perfect for all your getaway needs.
For less than £20 you can eat at the city centre Indian restaurant Blue Spice.
Cotto is a 3 star coffee shop across from The Portland Arms with decent prices.
The Rice Boat provides Indian food. The price range is less than £20 and it has a low customer rating. It is in the city centre and it is family friendly. It is near the Express by Holiday Inn.
The restaurant Loch Fyne serves Japanese food, but is not family-friendly.
Alimentum is a French restaurant in the riverside area near Yippee Noodle Bar.  Customers rated this restaurant at 5 out of 5, but Alimentum prices are a bit high.
The Phoenix serving French food by the riverside, has a cheap price range and customer rating 5 out of 5.
For a restaurant in the cheap price range with a customer rating of 5 out of 5, try Taste of Cambridge
Near the Crowne Plaza Hotel is a kid friendly restaurant that serves English food called The Waterman.
Bibimbap House is located at the riverside near Clare Hall with a cheap price range. They serve Italian food
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop that is averagely priced.  They serve sushi and they have a 3 out of 5 rating.  They are located in the city centre.
located near Café Sicilia a coffee shop named The Punter  serves Japanese food, has a rating of 3 out of 5, prices range from £20-£25 and is kids Friendly
The Golden Curry, located near Café Rouge in the city centre, is an average customer rated eatery serving Japanese food. Yes, it is family-friendly.
A restaurant with Japanese food is The Loch Fyne which is near The Rice Boat.
Located near The Bakers is a child friendly restaurant called The Plough. It has a price range of more than £30.
The Golden Curry is a family friendly, Italian restaurant near the Café Rouge in the riverside area, with a low customer rating.
The Vaults is a popular coffee shop located near Café Brazil in the city centre.  Its price range is above average.
Loch Fyne is an excellent rating restaurant in The Rice Boat that offers breakfast meals
There is a coffee shop named Browns Cambridge near Crowne Plaza Hotel, in the riverside area. This establishment offers Indian good, is family friendly, and has an average customer rating.
There is an above average price range restaurant in the city that serves French food The Wrestlers. They are family friendly and they have average customer ratings.
The Eagle is an inexpensive coffee shop that is unfortunately not family friendly. Located north of the city center. beside the river, their 1-star fast food is competing against the close by Burger King.
Strada is a family friendly restaurant located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café with moderately priced food.
Fast food pub restaurant Strada holds a low customer rating and is located near Yippee Noodle Bar
The Eagle has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and serves Italian food.
This place has been rated high by customers and it is near the city centre. The Twenty Two is near The Rice Boat. It is a kids friendly eatery and the price range is from 20 to 25 pounds.
The Rice Boat, located in the City Centre, near the Express by Holiday Inn, offers Chinese food at a high price range. It is child friendly, however has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Looking for a family-friendly place in the city center area, with English food less than £20, well then The Rice Boat is that place. It is located near Express by Holiday Inn and has a low customer rating.
Loch Fyne restaurant provides a mature British dining experience.
The Cambridge Blue is a pub, near Café Brazil, with  a price range of less then £20 that server Italian food
Loch Fyne is a restaurant offering British cuisine in the city centre.  IT is not family friendly.
The Phoenix is a popular, fancy Indian restaurant near the city centre.
The Cambridge Blue restaurant does Japanese food.  Has a very low rating though.
The Rice Boat is a English restaurant located by the riverside near Express by Holiday Inn. This is a family friendly restaurant with an average customer rating and a cheap price range.
The Waterman is a high priced restaurant by the riverside that serves Italian food. It has a customer rating of  1 out of 5 and children are not allowed.
The Rice Boat, serving moderately-priced Chinese food, is located in the city centre near Express by Holiday Inn. It is not kid-friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
In Riverside there is a 5 out of 5  customer  rated restaurant called The Golden Palace.
There is a 5 out of 5, child friendly Fast food restaurant called The Golden Curry
The Phoenix in riverside offers Italian food with a 3 out of 5 rating.
For 30 pounds you can get children high at Cocum, a pub.
The Mill serves Japanese food for less than £20 in a coffee shop. The Sorrento in riverside.
The Punter, a French coffee shop near Café Sicilia is a family friendly venue, rated average by customers with a price range of less than £20.
The Dumpling Tree is a family-friendly pub.  It is located near The Portland Arms.  It serves Japanese food.
The Phoenix features Japanese food.  It has average customer ratings and is on the riverside. It has a price range of less than 20.
A cheap family friendly Indian pub called The Plough is near Café Rouge.
The Plough is a cheap fast-food, pub restaurant.  It is family friendly and is located near Café Rouge.
A child-friendly restaurant that is located in the riverside area is Green Man. The price range is slightly above average.
The Italian food place the Giraffe is a kid friendly pub in riverside
Situated close to all public transport, Loch Fyne is a family friendly restaurant catering for all tastes, and good value for money.
Wildwood with good food French its a restaurant
If your looking for something in the price range of 20-25, then you want the Zizzi, a kid friendly coffee shop with a customer rating of 3 out of 5, and is in the area of the riverside.
Near Clare Hall on the riverside is a moderately priced fast food restaurant call Bibimbap House
Travellers Rest Beefeater is on the riverside near Café Adriatic. It has an average customer rating and a price that is less than £20.
There is a low priced, low rated  coffee shop near City centre called Fitzbillies.
The Golden Curry is a  restaurant that is located in the city center that offers the best affordable meals for families with young children.
The Dumpling Tree is a children friendly pub serving Japanese food near The Portland Arms.
The Cambridge Blue is a pub that provides Chinese food in the high price range. It is near Café Brazil.
The Italian restaurant The Vaults is a place that fits with the whole family's lower end budget for eating out.
High rating, The Wrestlers has a price range of £20-25, serving Indian foods, not kid friendly.
The Twenty Two, located near The Rice Boat in riverside, is not children friendly, but has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 and the price range is more than 30.
Family friendly with great reviews The Cocum coffee shop has a higher price point
Fitzbillies offers sushi at mid-price and is located near The Six Bells
The Waterman, rated 3 out of 5. Child friendly in the city centre, serving high priced Japanese food.
Fitzbillies, the cheap Italian coffee shop at the riverside is cheap with a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is not family-friendly.
The Rice Boat is a family restaurant near the Express by Holiday Inn ranked 1 star.  Serves wine near City centre
Fitzbillies is a moderately priced Indian coffee shop that is located in the city centre, customers have rated it 3 out of 5 and it is kid friendly
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Italian food, is located  in the city centre.
Aromi is a 5-star coffee shop alongside the river offering a fun family experience of Italian cuisine.
The Golden Curry is a Japanese restaurant in the city centre near to Café Rouge. It has a top customer rating but is not family-friendly.
The Twenty Two is  serves French food and is kid friendly.
Near the river, there's a family-friendly coffee shop called Aromi, which serves pasta.
There is a kid friendly coffee shop that is highly rated.  It serves Italian Food more than 30 pounds located near Burger King called The Eagle in Riverside.
Clowns  is a pub located in the riverside area.  They have an average customer rating and fall in the less than £20 price range.
The Vaults is a city centre family friendly restaurant serving fast food at reasonable prices.
A cheap restaurant is The Golden Palace
The Twenty Two is a restaurant that serves French food and is kid friendly.
Near the river, there is an inexpensive, family-friendly pub called The Olive Grove. It serves wine and cheese.
There is a pub named The Olive Grove that sells moderate price Japanese food. It is kid friendly and is in the city centre.
The Plough is a French pub near Café Rouge. It's not kid friendly but costs more than 30.
The Olive Grove is a pub which serves Japanese food. It is family friendly and cheap, and is located in Riverside.
There is a pub called Wildwood which serves English food. It typically charges less than £20, and has a low customer rating.
The Golden Curry provides Chinese food on the river near Café Rouge. It has an average rating and is not family friendly.
The Cambridge Blue is a sushi restaurant located next to Café Brazil and is in the moderate  price range.
For a moderate priced pub serving French food, try Wildwood, which had a 1 out of 5 customer rating.
Low-priced Indian food can be found at Green Man, It is family-friendly and located near riverside and All Bar One.
Loch Fyne is an Indian restaurant, that provides good food and is even child-friendly.
a child friendly moderate priced pub would be The Olive Grove in the riverside area.
The Twenty Two pub near Café Sicilia in riverside rated average.
For a 3 star Italian experience try The Waterman, Riverside.
Japanese restaurant, Alimentum, is not child friendly.  It is located in the city centre and prices are more than £30.
Fast food is served at The Rice Boat, with a customer rating 1 out of 5 and an expensive price.  This venue is not child friendly and can be found near to Express by Holiday Inn in the city centre area.
Near The Six Bells you can find fast food at Fitzbillies for a price range of 30 pounds or more.
Located near the river, The Phoenix is a highly recommended restaurant in the area.
The All Bar One, The Green Man on the riverside sells high priced fast food and is not family-friendly.
A child friendly Italian pub, the Zizzi, has an average customer rating
A French coffee shop in the riverside area is Taste of Cambridge. It is family friendly and located near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
The Cricketers is a coffee shop serving Italian food near The Portland Arms, yes they are child friendly and rated 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a high priced Indian coffee shop with an average customer rated located in City Centre.
There is a High priced English food in riverside, Near Clare Hall, Bibimbap House.
Midsummer House is a moderately priced French restaurant near All Bar One. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Eagle is a cheap coffee shop near Burger King that is family friendly and three star rated.
Midsummer House is a sushi bar near All Bar One that offers cheap, one star rated food.
The Punter offers Italian food and yes has a children area. It is for high rating customers with a price more than £30 and is located near to coffee shop Café Sicilia.
You can find a coffee shop called The Vaults in the city centre near Café Brazil. Prices are more than £30 but it does have a rating of 5 out of 5.
The Loch Fyne by the riverside near The Rice Boat sells English food and has a customer Rating of 5 out of 5.
A popular Japanese choice is The Phoenix, found on the riverside.
The Cambridge Blue restaurant offers French style food with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Not family-friendly, The Dumpling Tree is a pub near The Portland Arms offering French food.
The Waterman is a Fast food pub in the riverside area with a high customer rating
Located next to Yippee Noodle Bar, Alimentum, a reasonably dear 1 star restaurant
The Golden Curry is a Chinese food restaurant in Riverside located near Café Rouge and has an average customer rating. It is not rated as family friendly.
There is a cheap family friendly coffee shop named Blue Spice with an average customer rating. It is located near Avalon in the area of riverside.
Travellers Rest Beefeater in riverside near the Café Adriatic is good and the price is low.
Located near Clare Hall the Italian coffee shop Clowns in riverside has a 3 out of 5 customer rating
Affordable burgers at The Cambridge Blue restaurant near the city center.
There is a cheap fast food restaurant The Phoenix located in City Centre.
The Twenty Two is a restaurant providing Japanese food.
For Italian food, Fitzbillies offers average prices and is located near The Six Bells.
The Cricketers it is a 1 star coffee shop, It is not for the whole family, It is next to The Portland Arms
The Plough is a family friendly pub near Café Rouge. The food is cheap.
A kid friendly restaurant serving French food is called The Golden Curry. They have a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a low-price coffee Shop that is  located in City centre
The Golden Curry is a kid-friendly place with a high customer rating.
Browns Cambridge is an average price restaurant.  It has an excellent rating.
By the riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel, Taste of Cambridge is a coffee shop providing fast food for you and the kids.
The Punter serves Italian food and usually costs between £20-25.
A mid-priced pub called Wildwood is a highly recommended restaurant.
Serving Italian in the city centre area is the moderate price The Waterman. They are not a kid friendly environment. They have a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge is a restaurant that provides affordable Indian food, though it has a low customer rating.
In riverside, near Express by Holiday Inn, is located The Rice Boat a French food rating in 5of5 restaurant
The Golden Curry is a family-friendly, Italian restaurant. Though the ratings are low, it is in the center of the city, close to Café Rouge.
Located in the city centre is a moderately priced English restaurant called The Phoenix. It is not popular with customers.
The Golden Curry offers Japanese food. It is family-friendly. Customer Ratings are average. it is near Café Rouge. It is located in the city center
Zizzi restaurant in the city centre offers a reasonably priced menu.
Blue Spice has English food, a price range of over £30 and located on a riverside.
Alimentum is a restaurant  food in the average price range. It is located in the north of city
The Mill is a coffee shop in the riverside district, located near The Sorrento. Her you can get fast food for less than £20.
The Waterman serves Japanese food and is located beside the river. It is not kid friendly and has a price range of £20-25. It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Punter is a cheap French place.
An Italian coffee shop near city centre is called Fitzbillies. It is kids friendly and is rated highly by customers.
There's a restaurant called Zizzi by the riverside.  It costs less than twenty pounds.
The Wrestlers coffee shop serving Japanese food is located near Raja Indian Cuisine by the riverside. You can eat there for average price, and children are welcome.
There's a cheap Indian in the riverside area called The Waterman, its not got the best rating and is not family friendly.
Well regarded Midsummer House offers Chinese food and can be found near to Café Rouge.
The Twenty Two Italian is child friendly and on the riverside.
The Plough pub is located near the city centre, with Café Rouge located nearby.
The Waterman is a Japanese restaurant found in the city centre. It is kids friendly and has a high customer rating. Food is priced in the range of £20 - 25.
The Cambridge Blue is a 5 out of 5 rated Italian restaurant.
The Eagle, with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 serves Japanese food.
Located in city centre near Café Rouge, The Golden Curry which has  an average customer rating and is not family-friendly provides English food.
The Wrestlers is not family-friendly but offers Japanese food for less than 20.
Wine and dine at Midsummer House. Located near the All Bar One.. 3 star rating.
The Vaults with a amazing 5 out of 5 customer rating, is a pub near the Café Adriatic.  Menu price are more than £30 per item.
A highly rated coffee shop near Café Brazil in riverside is The Vaults, prices are more than £30.
A family friendly pub near the riverside with a customer rating of five out of five called Aromi.
Cocum is a pub with 1 out of 5 ratings and is high priced range but is child friendly
Strada is a restaurant, providing Italian food, near Rainbow Vegetarian Café, with a average customer rating, and it's Family Friendly.
Alimentum is an inexpensive restaurant featuring Asian cuisine, located near the Yippee Noodle Bar.
Located in the city centre is a moderately priced adult pub called The Olive Grove. This pub serves English food.
The Wrestlers offers family friendly French dining. Prices £20-25. Ratings 3 out of 5.
Wildwood is a coffee shop that serves Indian food, has a price range of more than £30, has a high customer rating, and is near Ranch.
If you are looking for a place to eat in riverside, try The Mill.  It can be found near The Rice Boat.
The Golden Palace serves Japanese food and is located in the city centre. Has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is a coffee shop and has a price range of more then 30.
A restaurant providing Japanese food in the average  price range. It is located near Café Sicilia and has been rated average by customers is called The Punter.
There is a kid friendly French restaurant called Loch Fyne. that costs 20-25.
There is a coffee shop called Cocum providing Indian food with 3 out of 5 customer rating and it's price range is moderate and also it is kids friendly.
There is a French restaurant in the city centre called The Rice Boat.
The Golden Curry is a family friendly place serving highly rated Indian food.
A restaurant with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and yes has kids area is called Cocum.
Family friendly The Golden Curry serves Chinese foods, low rating, located near Café Rouge in the city center.
Close to Clare Hall on the riverside, you will find highly rated Italian coffee shop Clowns
The Twenty Two serves Japanese food and is not family-friendly.
The Golden Palace is a cheap coffee shop that offers Indian food. It has a 5 out of 5 customer rating, is cheap and is located in the riverside area.
The French food serving  The Phoenix is situated in the riverside area and has a price range of £20-25. Customers rated the Phoenix average.
You can get Chinese food for less than £20 at The Wrestlers. It has a low customer rating but is very family friendly.
There a English place called Cotto. Cotto is near the Ranch and children friendly.
The Punter, a Japanese coffee shop, is located near Café Sicilia. Although expensive, they received a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
Cotto is an expensive coffee shop with a five star rating located near The Portland Arms.
Family-friendly coffee shop and Indian, Aromi, is in Riverside. Customer rating is average.
The Golden Palace is a cheap Italian coffee shop with high customer ratings located near the riverside.
The Cotto is low rated, non-family-friendly. It serves Japanese food and is located near the Ranch.
The Mill, located near The Sorrento, is a coffee shop which offers sushi at a medium price range.
Zizzi is a cheap, family-Friendly coffee shop, located riverside. It has a low customer rating.
Midsummer House is a 5-star sushi restaurant just down the road from Café Rouge.
Browns Cambridge is a child friendly, Indian coffee shop in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is rated 1 out of 5 stars.
The Twenty Two in riverside is located near The Rice Boat.  its priced more than £30, has a low customer rating and is children friendly.
Fitzbillies, a Japanese coffee shop in the area of riverside, offers a price range of less than £20, but is not family-friendly and has a low customer rating.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop with a customer Rating 3 out of 5 and provides Indian food. It is kid friendly and is located in riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Bibimbap House is a Chinese restaurant near The Rice Boat in the riverside area.
Loch Fyne is a Japanese restaurant that is not children friendly and is the price range of more than £30.
Green Man is a pub serving French food, located in the city centre near Café Rouge.
Browns Cambridge, a French restaurant, offers food for less than £20, but has a low rating.
The Dumpling Tree is a coffee shop with reasonable prices in the city centre.  It is not kid friendly, but it's near Café Sicilia.
The Golden Curry provides Chinese food It is located in the riverside. It is near Café Rouge. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Clowns is a pub located in the city centre with a high customer rating. Their prices are between  £20-25.
The Golden Curry is an English restaurant located in the city centre near Café Rouge. It has a high customer rating but is not family-friendly.
Strada is a restaurant near Rainbow Vegetarian Café that serves inexpensive Indian food in an environment that leaves much to be desired. This is not a place to bring the family.
Riverside's coffee shop named Fitzbillies has a high price range, it is non children friendly and they have Japanese food. There costumer rating is 3 out of 5.
There is a Japanese coffee shop named Clowns over by Clare Hall in city centre, but it is not rated very highly.
The Wrestlers Indian food is moderate in pricing with customer service rated 3 out of 5 perhaps as a result of t not being kid friendly.
Located in the riverside area near to Café Brazil is the coffee shop The Vaults, which only has average ratings from customers
The child friendly Alimentum is a moderately priced fast food restaurant in the riverside area
The Japanese restaurant The Golden Curry is high priced. They are kid friendly and located near The Bakers.
The Wrestlers offers medium priced food in a family friendly atmosphere and scores 3 out of 5 stars.
The Alimentum is a moderately priced Chinese restaurant in the riverside area that is family friendly.
A riverside family-friendly restaurant is The Olive Grove.
With higher than average prices is The Rice Boat. It is located close-by to the Rainbow Vegetarian Café, and has high customer satisfaction ratings.
Cocum is a coffee shop that serves Indian food in the low price range.  Customer ratings are low with lots of great families.
Browns Cambridge its a restaurant of French food
The Eagle coffee shop near the Burger King in the city centre offers highly rated, mid-priced Italian food and a kid friendly environment.
The Rice Boat is a English restaurant located at the city centre, near the Express by Holiday Inn. The prices are expensive and  the restaurant rated 1 out of 5.
A coffee shop by the riverside is The Vaults. It is near Café Brazil and serves highly-rated food at higher-than-average prices.
The coffee shop The Punter, located near Café Sicilia serves fast food in the moderate price range. It is not family friend and has a 1 out of 5 customer rating.
Located in the riverside area is a child friendly pub serving French food. The Olive Grove is expensive with meals costing more than £30.00.
The family friendly The Waterman in the city centre  provides low priced food with a high customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Though Loch Fyne is children friendly, it costs more than £30. However, it is a nice Indian restaurant.
Wildwood is a decent coffee shop that offers meals at a affordable prices.  It is located next to Ranch.
In the city centre near The Rice Boat there is a restaurant called The Twenty Two with a customer rating of 3 out of 5. The price range is an average £20-£25 and it is not kids-friendly.
The Waterman is a family favorable eatery that has pleasing value ranges.
There is a medium priced coffee shop Fitzbillies in city centre that is one star rating.
The Rice Boat provides Chinese food It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
If you are a fast food fan, try out Browns Cambridge. The price range is above 30 pounds and it has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Aromi is a family-friendly coffee shop with decent ratings.
Blue Spice is Italian located by the riverside with cheap food less then 20 euros
The Mill is a high priced coffee shop with fast food. It is located in Riverside near The Sorrento.
There is a 3 out of 5 customer rated kid friendly coffee shop with a moderate price range located near The Bakers called Giraffe.
With a three out of five rating, Fitzbillies is a kid friendly coffee shop in the £20-25 price range. Located in the city centre, it offers Japanese food.
There is a high-rated Indian pub named Zizzi that is kid friendly.
The Wrestlers serves Japanese food for less than £20 with a family friendly theme and an average customer rating.
Browns Cambridge provides Italian food in the riverside area near to The Sorrento. It is friendly for kids.
Zizzi, located on the riverside, is a coffee shop with an average rating. It is children friendly and the price of its beverages is high
The Golden Curry has wine tasting for the family, its rated 3 stars and is located near Café Rouge in the city center.
The Cambridge Blue is a pub, sells Indian food, moderate price range, located near Café Brazil
The Golden Curry is a high prices establishment serving Italian food. They are near The Bakers and are not kid friendly.
Cocum is a moderately priced coffee shop that serves Italian food in a non kid friendly environment with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
for French food in a price range of more than £30, Midsummer House near All Bar One has a low customer Rating
A coffee shop named Wildwood is a fast food restaurant that is near a Ranch.  The menu is moderately priced with a customer rating or 1 out of 5.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is a moderately priced restaurant is not kid friendly.
Clowns is a coffee shop that serves Italian food in the riverside area. It is highly rated and can be found near Clare Hall.
Located in riverside area and customer high rated has price range of more than £30 and children friendly is Blue Spice.
The Dumpling Tree is a restaurant and  provides  Italian food   and as high price range
Cotto is an Italian coffee shop near The Portland Arms in the city centre.  It has a customer rating 3 out of 5 and moderate price range.
The Waterman is a family-friendly Japanese restaurant in the city centre. It has a low customer rating with a price range of less than £20.
Taste of Cambridge is a coffee shop located in the city centre near the Crowne Plaza Hotel. It offers French cuisine with a family-friendly atmosphere.
Blue Spice has a high customer rating and costs more than 30 pounds. It is children friendly located near Avalon in riverside.
With a average price rating, Bibimbap House is a Japanese restaurant near Clare Hall by a riverside in the City centre.
The Golden Palace is a restaurant with low pricing.
The Plough is a moderately priced restaurant near The Bakers that is also kid-friendly.
There is a family friendly restaurant on the river called The Rice Boat.
The restaurant named Travellers Rest Beefeater has a price range of £20-25 and is kid friendly.
Zizzi pub has Chinese food and is kids friendly with a high customer rating.
The Plough family restaurant has a price range less than 20 pounds and is located near The Bakers.
For reasonably priced English food, Loch Fyne could be considered, however they do not welcome children.
The Phoenix serving up English food with a medium price but has an excellent customer rating located by the riverside.
Aromi is a coffee shop, offering a family-friendly atmosphere and serving fast food based in the city centre.
Families can dine at The Rice Boat.  It is a highly recommended restaurant in the City centre.
Located near Café Adriatic,there is a pub style restaurant named The Vaults. It has an average customer rating and cheap prices
Loch Fyne which rates 5 out of 5, serves Japaneses food and is in the riverside area near The Rice Boat.
There's an Indian by the riverside that's less than £20. It's called The Waterman but isn't family friendly and has a low customer rating.
Cocum is a kid friendly, Indian coffee shop.  It is mid priced and rated 1 out 5.
For a slightly more expensive Indian in the riverside area that is family friendly go to Alimentum.
The Eagle is a cheap, family-friendly, Italian coffee shop near Burger King, in riverside. It has an average customer rating.
There is a kids friendly restaurant offering a variety of native foods caked The Golden Curry. It has consistently offered satisfactory service to is customers.
Browns Cambridge, has high quality food at low prices and tastes great.
Strada is a low-priced restaurant for adults that serves French cuisine for less than 20 pounds. It has an average customer rating and is located near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
There is a coffee shop named Wildwood near Ranch that serves Japanese food.  They have average prices and customers give them high ratings.
In riverside The Phoenix serves French food with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Blue Spice has moderately priced fast food located in the city centre.
Midsummer House has a rating of 1 out of 5 and serves French food near Café Rouge.
Chinese food suppliers, The Golden Curry, located near The Bakers provides meals at high price range. It is not child friendly.
The Eagle is a cheap Italian coffee shop near Burger King in the city center, we are no a family-friendly coffee shop with a great customer Rating of 5 out of 5.
I love eating at The Punter. The prices of £20-25 are just right and the kids can run around by the riverside, while we are waiting for our table. After we are finished, we can scroll down near The Portland Arms for a walk.
Strada serves English food in the moderate price range. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5, it is not kid friendly, and it is located near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
The Waterman is a child friendly restaurant with a moderate price range.
In the riverside area there is a coffee shop The Golden Palace in the £20-25 price range. It rates 3 out of 5 and it serves French food.
Midsummer House is a poorly rated mid price dine in restaurant located near All Bar One.
Cotto is located near Ranch.  It is a kid-friendly restaurant.
The Vaults is a children-friendly restaurant of French food where the prices surpass  £30.
The Olive Grove is an expensive, child friendly, Italian pub located by the riverside.
The Plough is a moderately priced restaurant near The Bakers. It is kid friendly.
The Eagle coffee shop is average priced with low customer rating, is family Friendly located in the Riverside area near Burger King.
While visiting the city centre, check out Cotto, a coffee shop near The Portland Arms. Serving moderately priced Fast food, customers have rated it 3 out of 5.
Fitzbillies with a high price range is not children friendly. They are near Express by Holiday Inn and have a customer rating 3 out of 5.
With an average customer rating, Taste of Cambridge is a high priced restaurant.
The Vaults family friendly restaurant has Indian food with a price range of less than 20.
The Cricketers coffee shop is located near The Portland Arms and offers fast food with a high customer rating. It is kid-friendly.
Aromi is a coffee shop in the riverside are that is kids friendly.  It serves French food and is rated 3 out of 5.
There is a French coffee shop called Clowns that is rated 5 out of 5 by customers. It is located in the city center near Clare Hall.
The Green Man French restaurant is located in Riverside near the All Bar One. It is not family-friendly, but the price range is less than 20 pounds.
The Phoenix is a high-priced Chinese restaurant in Riverside.  The Phoenix has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge is located near The Sorrento in the city centre.  It serves Italian and is not family-friendly.
The Punter is a moderate  pub in the city centre near of Café Sicilia that delivers Fast food.
The restaurant, The Golden Curry, is a family friendly, all-day breakfast restaurant right next to The Bakers,
Bibimbap House offers French food in the riverside area near The Rice Boat.
The Phoenix, located in riverside, serves highly rated Indian food.
The Rice Boat is a family friendly eatery with average costing plates. However, it is only rated 1 of 5 stars. It is located near Express by Holiday Inn.
The Phoenix French food in the riverside area and a 3 out of 5 customer rating
The Olive Grove is a moderately priced Indian pub.  It's riverside and it is kid friendly.
A kid friendly Italian restaurant is the Loch Fyne.
The Wildwood coffee shop is an average-priced location that serves a light menu of food and alcohol.  Located near the Ranch, customers give this location a 1 out of 5 stars.
Cocum coffee shop is a low cost, family friendly establishment that sells cheese and wine.
The Wildwood is located near Ranch. It is a high priced coffee shop with Fast food and a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Rice Boat is  family friendly, and serves French food. They are located in riverside, and have received an average customer rating.
Loch Fyne provides Chinese food It is located in the riverside. It is near The Rice Boat. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
The Fast food place near The Rice Boat at the riverside is named Loch Fyne and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5
In the city centre there is a low-priced coffee shop Fitzbillies of 5 stars where there are delicious hamburgers for the family.
Expensive sushi can be found at Loch Fyne, where you can dine with your children.
restaurant in city centre called The Golden Palace has an average customer rating
Alimentum serves English food in a high price range in the city centre. They are not child friendly.
For  a cheap but low rated meal, try Midsummer House, near All Bar One
There is a low rated coffee shop near the Ranch named Wildwood.
Highly rated Chinese food can be found at The Eagle.
A kid friendly location falling into the more than £30 is The Waterman.
For a moderate price, English food is available at Browns Cambridge. 1 out of 5 would recommend.
There is a restaurant that is locate near Café Brazil, The Cambridge Blue pub, that provides average-priced foods.
Cotto is a Japanese restaurant and coffee shop.  It is located near The Portland Arms.  Customer rating 5 out of 5.
Cocum has a low customer rating. They are a family friendly restaurant.
The Rice Boat is restaurant Italian in the moderate range, no rank  1 out of 5, its restaurant located in the city centre on the side Express by Holiday Inn
Chinese food served at Strada is ideal for adults with a bigger budget. It can be found nearby Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
The Wrestlers is a children friendly coffee shop that serves fast food and has a price range of more than L30.  It is by the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Indian food in the high price range. It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is average.
The Phoenix is a high priced restaurant in the City centre
The Punter is a restaurant with a kid friendly nature in city centre near The Portland Arms with a moderate price range.
Near Café Sicilia in the city center is The Dumpling Tree.  A family-friendly coffee shop it has prices under £20.
Midsummer House is located by All Bar One and is a high priced, 1 star restaurant.
Riverside has a low-priced French coffee shop called Fitzbillies, that has average customer ratings and isn't family-friendly.
Upscale coffee shop, Fitzbillies is a great place to grab a quick bite and enjoy the riverside views.
The Rice Boat provides Chinese food in the less than £20 price range. It is located in the riverside. It is near Express by Holiday Inn. Its customer rating is low.
Wildwood is a coffee shop providing wine and cheese in the low price range. It is located near Ranch.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that sells Indian food, price range cheap, average customer service rating, located in City Centre, family friendly
The Golden Palace is a restaurant that is cheap.
The Wrestlers is located near Raja Indian Cuisine that has expensive, family friendly take out.
The Plough is a cheap pub near Café Rouge. It is not family friendly.
Zizzi is a pub that serves Indian cuisine. The customer rating is low and not so much a family friendly environment.
The pub, Zizzi, serves French food. It has a low customer rating and isn't family-friendly.
The Eagle is a coffee shop that serves Indian food for a high price range. It has an average customer rating and is located near Burger King in the city centre, It is not children friendly.
The Wrestlers serves coffee and Indian food for less that £20. It is near Raja Indian Cuisine in Riverside.
Alimentum, near Yippee Noodle Bar, is a place selling French food by riverside. It's got an average rating and the prices are modest, less than £20
Near The Six Bells with a price range of £20-25 is a restaurant called Fitzbillies that offers Fast food.
Giraffe is a family friendly Fast food pub on the riverside.
For a low priced coffee shop try Giraffe near The Bakers with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Waterman is a Chinese restaurant located in the riverside area.  Moderate prices and a non-kid friendly atmosphere has earned this establishment a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Golden Curry is a family Japanese restaurant next to Café Rouge.
Midsummer House is a high priced, 1 star restaurant, located next to All Bar One.
Loch Fyne is a restaurant food English in the high price range children friendly yes
There's a coffee shop that serves Japanese food at Riverside called The Eagle. It's near Burger King. The price range is about £20-25 and it's not kids-friendly, but the customer Rating is high.
There is a cheap family friendly restaurant called Travellers Rest Beefeater.
The Vaults is a coffee shop located north of the City center and there is another near by called Café Brazil.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop which sells fine foods at moderate prices. They welcome families and are just east of Raja Indian Cuisine on the River
Aromi is a Indian coffee shop in the city centre. Rating is average and no family friendly.
In the centre of the city you'll find the French restaurant, Aromi
American food is served at Bibimbap House, located near The Rice Boat on the riverside.
Found this place called Midsummer House. Has wonderful Italian food even though its high priced. Its a pretty average spot located near All Bar One.
The Mill is an expensive city centre pub which serves French food.
Giraffe is a coffee shop near The Bakers Tucson furniture in the more than 30 pound and  people rating high family friendly yes
Located in the riverside, The Twenty Two provides Japanese food in a family-Friendly environment.
Located by the riverside near the Crowne Plaza Hotel, Taste of Cambridge is a Japanese coffee shop that is not family friendly.
Midsummer House, located near All Bar One,  serves British Food for low cost.  1 star rated
The Waterman Fast food restaurant build near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Strada pub is averagely rated and serves Italian food, it is located near Yippee Noodle Bar.
The family-friendly Blue Spice is a coffee shop with a cheap price range located near Avalon in the city centre area.
The Vaults is a coffee shop near Café Brazil in riverside. it has a moderate price range and customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Wrestlers has a moderate price range. They are not kids friendly. They serve English food. They have a customer rating 3 out of 5.
In the riverside area is an average rated coffee shop called The Vaults, with a price range of less than  £20. It is located near to Café Brazil.
The Twenty Two is located near The Rice Boat in the riverside area.  It is mid-priced, not child friendly, and gets a 3 out of 5 rating.
Located north of the City centre is Blue Spice, a low-cost, family friendly, 3-star restaurant.
The Waterman is in riverside, serves cheap Indian food, is kid friendly, and has an average customer rating.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop with a sushi bar. It has a three star rating and cheap prices.
There is a kid free French restaurant near Rainbow Vegetarian Café with a high customer rating and a price range of £20-25 called Strada.
There is a highly rated, highly priced, adult only restaurant in the city centre called Fitzbillies. It serves coffee and Indian food.
Yes, Blue Spice is located in the Riverside area providing meals at an average price of less than £20.
Located on the river side, The Golden Palace is a coffee shop with a one star rating and low prices.
The Punter serves Japanese food with a price range of 20-25
Located near The Sorrento in Riverside, The Mill is a Fast food serving coffee shop with a price range of 20-25 pounds.
There is a kids friendly restaurant, located along the riverside, near to All Bar One, called Green Man. It provides Japanese food within a price range of £20-25.
The Twenty Two is child friendly and serves English food.  It is by the riverside.
Blue Spice restaurant is located on the river.
Browns Cambridge is a moderately priced restaurant rated 1 out of 5 stars.
Cocum is a pub with a customer rating of 3 out of 5. The price range is 20-25 and it is children friendly.
The Punter is a fast food restaurant with a price range more than 30 Pounds.
The Wrestlers is a Fast food average rated high price range children friendly.
A 5 out of 5 rated, cheap Japanese coffee shop is called The Eagle. It is in the riverside area near Burger King and isn't family-friendly.
Check out Loch Fyne, a family friendly restaurant. It is fast food.
There is a Japanese, non family-friendly coffee shop named The Punter near Café Sicilia with an average customer rating and a price range less than 20.
The kid friendly pub Zizzi has a 1 out of 5 rating. They serve Italian food.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop it serves cheap Indian coffee and on the riverside
The Vaults is a pub that is cheaper than 20 dollars and it is close by to the Café Adriatic that is average rating.
Rated 5 star by diners, The Vaults offers Pub fair near Café Adriatic.
The Punter is a moderately priced coffee shop that is family friendly.  It is located near Café Sicilia.
The Alimentum is near the Yippee Noodle Bar by the riverside. It is highly rated for selling fast food. The price ranges from £20 to £25.
The Golden Curry, near Café Rouge on the riverside, serves Chinese food and is rated 5 out of 5 by customers.
Aromi is a family friendly  Indian coffee shop located in the center of the city with a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
Loch Fyne is a restaurant providing Japanese Food. It is located in City center. Not Friend Family.
The Waterman is an affordable restaurant that does not cater for families.
In riverside near The Rice Boat you will find Loch Fyne.  It's an average English eatery.
Between the Café Rouge and The Golden Curry is a child friendly fast food place with average ratings.
Bibimbap House sells Italian food located riverside near Clare Hall with a price range of £30 plus.
Alimentum a Chinese restaurant with cheap food and an average customer rating is located in the riverside area close to the Yippee Noodle Bar.
The Waterman is located in the city centre and serves Italian food. It is family-friendly and cheap. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge offers Italian food at the higher end of the price scale
The Wildwood is a coffee shop located near Ranch offering low priced fast food.
Moderately priced fast food, The Rice Boat is located at the riverside near Express by Holiday Inn.
Located near Café Rouge, The Plough is an expensive pub that serves French food. It is child-friendly.
Next to The Rice Boat, Three star restaurant Loch Fyne
In the riverside area is The Twenty Two, which is child friendly and serves French Food
The Rice Boat is a Chinese restaurant in the riverside area near Express by Holiday Inn.  Meal prices are less than 20 pounds and it is family friendly. It has a low customer rating.
Customers give Indian eatery  The Wrestlers an average rating for it's high priced and adults only restaurant.
The Cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop serving fast food  near The Portland Arms but the customer rating is low
The named The Olive Grove in riverside has children friendly service and a high price range.
The Waterman is a high rated Italian place. It is not only kid friendly but in the city center with a price range of 20-25.
The Olive Grove is a family friendly Chinese food pub, higher priced at more than £30.
The Phoenix is a restaurant serving Chinese food in a riverside area. It is moderately priced and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Clowns is a coffee shop which serves Indian food. It has an average customer rating, and is located at the riverside, near Clare Hall.
The Golden Curry is a five star Italian restaurant that is family friendly located in City Centre next to Café Rouge.
Taste of Cambridge is a kid friendly coffee shop.  They also serve Indian food.  It is located in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Strada, near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café serves inexpensive Indian food, is  family friendly and excellently rated by its customers.
The Wrestlers is a cheap, family friendly Indian restaurant with an average rating.
The Eagle serves English  food and is rated as average.
The Olive Grove is a moderately priced pub serving Fast food in the city centre in a kid friendly environment.
There is a family friendly coffee shop near Café Sicilia called The Punter that serves Italian food priced high with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
You can find English delectables at The Waterman, with for children and family located close to Crowne Plaza Hotel
The Vaults is a fast food-type restaurant.
The Rice Boat providing French Food. It is located in riverside area near Express by Holiday Inn. Start from low price and family-friendly. Have 3 out of 5 costumer rating.
Receiving 1 out of 5 stars, The Wrestlers,  serves sushi at a low price to adults.  It is located near The Bakers.
Clowns serves Indian food.  It has an average customer rating and is a coffee shop located near Clare Hall in the city centre.
For more than £30 you can eat Chinese at Bibimbap House located near Clare Hall in riverside.
In the heart of the city near Clare Hall is a Japanese coffee shop called Clowns that has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Located in the riverside area is an adult fast food coffee shop named Aromi. Customer rating for Aromi is average.
For a highly recommended place around riverside at an average cost, choose The Eagle.
Loch Fyne is a child friendly restaurant serving Italian cuisine.
Loch Fyne is a cheap and family friendly restaurant that provides English food.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop and yes, it is less than £20 for the French food with a river side view but the ratings are low.
Midsummer House offers decent French food. It is located near Café Rouge.
Cocum is a coffee shop providing Indian in the cheap price . It is located in the city centre.
A children friendly coffee shop, The Punter, near Café Sicilia,  serves French food costing more than  £30, and has an average customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Clowns coffee shop is a mediocre establishment which sells sushi on the river. It is located just east of Clare Hall.
Having an average price of more than £30, The Rice Boat is not a place for children even though it serves Fast food.  It can be found in the city centre area near Express by Holiday Inn and has a high customer rating.
The Golden Curry serves Italian food in the riverside area near Café Rouge. It has a low customer rating and is not family-friendly.
The 3 star rated restaurant The Eagle provides breakfast.
Chinese children friendly restaurant The Wrestlers is expensive for the low rating
For a pub near Café Sicilia in Riverside, check out the The Twenty Two. its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Near Café Rouge is a family-friendly restaurant named The Golden Curry. It has an average customer rating. It is near the Café Rouge and in the city centre area.
Wines and cheese are a specialty of The Dumpling Tree restaurant. It is a low priced eatery.
The Waterman is a 1-star pub, offering Italian fare and wine, located north of the city centre on the river.
The Portland Arms serves Italian food near the riverside. The Cotto ranges between twenty and twenty-five dollars with a high customer rating.
Wildwood, is restaurant pub yes French £20-25
The Waterman is located in the city centre and the price is moderate. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is not kids friendly. The Waterman sells Chinese food.
Zizzi is a children friendly riverside coffee shop. It is in the high price range and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5
The Rice Boat is located close to the river. It is one star rated. It offers a full English breakfast. It is not family friendly.
Zizzi is an adult oriented, highly rated pub serving French food.
The Wrestlers is a low priced coffee shop on the river located near Raja Indian Cuisine
The coffee shop, The Wrestlers, is not kid friendly, considered fast food and has a high price range. Though not kid friendly,  it is near Raja Indian Cuisine and river side.
Cocum a coffee shop with a low customer rating is family friendly and serves French food under £20
Wildwood restaurant is child friendly
Clowns is a cheap restaurant located near Café Sicilia offering family-friendly fare.
The Cricketers is a mid-range coffee shop and family restaurant near The Portland Arms.
Strada is a moderately priced, kids friendly fast food restaurant, rated 3 out of 5. It is located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
Clowns is a Fast food coffee shop located in the city centre, near Clare Hall. It is not popular with customers.
The Eagle is an expensive child-friendly Japanese coffee shop located in the city centre, near Burger King. It receives low customer ratings.
The Golden Curry has  hight price range for begin Fast food, also they are not child friendly you can find them near The Bakers.
Blue Spice is a restaurant Italian in the riverside with moderate price
Fitzbillies is a family friendly French coffee shop, located in Riverside. Good customer service. Good prices.
Rated 1 out of 5 by customers, Browns Cambridge serves low-priced English food.
The Twenty Two is  a child friendly establishment located near The Rice Boat in the riverside area. It is in the high price range with an average customer rating.
There is a coffee shop called The Vaults near Café Brazil and the river. The Vaults is not cheap and its customer rating is low.
The Mill is a pub in the riverside area serving expensive Italian food.
low customer rated Zizzi, the family friendly Italian pub.
If you're looking for an inexpensive Japanese pub, give Wildwood a try. Rated 3 out of 5.
The Mill coffee shop has a moderate price range. They  are near The Sorrento and serve food.
The Waterman is a pub that features Indian cuisine. This establishment is located in riverside and earned a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Punter is a fast-food restaurant situated near Café Sicilia, offering low-priced food. 1 star rating and not family-friendly.
Zizzi is located in the riverside area. It is a restaurant with a high price range.
Fitzbillies is a family-friendly coffee shop that offers high-cost and highly-rated pasta.
5 Star oriental cuisine. Family dining near the river. Aromi coffee shop.
Strada is a Chinese food restaurant where prices range more than £30. Strada is not children friendly, but they have a high customer rating. You can find Strada near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
The Phoenix is an averagely rated fast food establishment  in the city centre.
The Waterman serves Chinese food in the high price range, It is children-friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is located in Riverside.
The Phoenix is a cheap restaurant, located in the city centre, that serves Indian food and has an average customer rating.
Aromi coffee shop in the riverside area offers French food rated 5 out of 5 by customers, and an adult dining experience.
For a cheap, family-friendly, average restaurant located in the city centre, visit The Waterman.
The Rice Boat is located near the Express by Holiday Inn and it's family friendly.
The Cricketers is a restaurant that serves British cuisine, it is situated next to All Bar One.
With an average customer rating The Eagle Serves English food
The Plough is a child Friendly restaurant near to The Bakers. A meal here will cost more than £30.
The Rice Boat is a Japanese eatery located near the Express by Holiday Inn in the city centre. Their prices are less than £20 but have low customer ratings and are not family-friendly.
Midsummer House is an English restaurant that is located near All Bar One with prices under 20 pounds and low customer rating.
The Olive Grove serves Fast food in a pub. Priced moderate. Not kid friendly and located in riverside.
The Plough is an inexpensive family friendly pub that serves English food. It is located next to Café Rouge.
The Golden Palace coffee shop is a 3-star place in the city centre.
Browns Cambridge is a Japanese coffee shop. It is rated 5 out of 5 and is located in the city centre not far from the Crowne Plaza Hotel. However, it is not really family-friendly.
Located near Burger King in the city centre is a highly rated coffee shop called The Eagle.  The Eagle is not conducive for kids.  They serve Italian food with a price range of £20-25.
Clowns is Pub in the riverside area. Have 1 out of 5 rating. Have moderate price range
A kids friendly  coffee shop moderately priced with a customer rating of 3 out of 5Located in the riverside area is Zizzi
The Cambridge Blue is an English food restaurant and has a low customer rating of 1 out of 5.
In the riverside near Express by Holiday Inn is an Indian restaurant named The Rice Boat. It has a high price range, average customer rating, and is not children friendly.
Located near The Portland Arms, Cotto is a low customer rated coffee shop that also offers Italian food. It has a price range of less than £20 and is in riverside.
In riverside there is The Olive Grove that is an Indian pub
Rated 1 out of 5, Wildwood restaurant is near Café Rouge.
Cotto coffee shop serves above average food with prices starting at more than £30. Cotto coffee shop is located in the riverside area near The Portland Arms.
The Vaults is a family friendly restaurant serving an array of wines, cheeses, and Italian tapas.
Blue Spice is on the riverside near Avalon.  It is kid friendly with a price range of £20-25 and highly recommended by customers.
The Eagle coffee shop offers cheap Indian cuisine. Has an average customer rating.  Located by the riverside near Burger King. It is not family friendly.
A family friendly restaurant in riverside is The Olive Grove.
There is a riverside French food place, named The Phoenix, with a high customer rating, and prices in the £20-25 range.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop that serves Italian food, located in City Centre. It's very pricey, but also has a 5-star rating.
Alimentum is a sushi restaurant. It is medium priced and family friendly.
The Vaults is a pub with a high price range and have a customer rating of 3 out of 5. they are located near the Café Adriatic.
By the riverside near to the Café Brazil is The Vaults. It is an expensive coffee shop with an average customer rating.
The Waterman serves fast food near the Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is not family-friendly.
The family friendly The Olive Grove is an inexpensive pub located in the riverside area.
Cotto is a cheap place near All Bar One in the riverside area
The Twenty Two is an Italian restaurant that does not cater to families.
The Mill is a riverside pub with average prices
Loch Fyne is a  family friendly restaurant with a cheap price range and French food.
Cocum is a family friendly coffee shop that serves French food. It has an average customer rating but also caters to low price ranges.
The Rice Boat is a child-friendly Japanese restaurant by the river. Its rating is 3 out of 5.
Clowns is an ok pub located in the city centre where you can get cheap food
Chinese-serving Fitzbillies has a high price range and is located close to The Six Bells.
with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 The Golden Curry serves French food and is kid friendly
High Price and rating 1 out of 5, children-friendly Blue Spice is by riverside
The Olive Grove is a cheap, family friendly pub located in Riverside which serves Japanese food.
Cocum  is a restaurant kids friendly and as a customer rating of 3 out of 5
There is a pub near Café Sicilia in the city centre called The Twenty Two, and it has a low customer rating.
There is a Japanese spot with a low rating near Café Rouge named Midsummer House.
A Chinese restaurant with a cheap price range and a customer rating of 5 out of 5 is located on a riverside. It is called The Waterman and is not family friendly.
Alimentum is a high rated, high priced French restaurant located on the riverside by Yippee Noodle Bar.
The Mill is a low-priced pub that's located just outside of the city centre.
Fitzbillies is a moderately priced Indian coffee shop in the city centre.  It is not kid friendly and is rated 1 out of 5.
Cocum serves moderately priced Indian food and coffee. Rated 3 of 5, not kid friendly.
The Mill is a high end Italian pub located in the City Centre.
Near The Portland Arms is an Italian coffee shop called Cotto. It has a high price range and was given a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Golden Curry has a terrible rating, Italian food is served and kids are welcome.
The Zizzi is a one star, family friendly pub
Strada is a fast food family friendly place with high prices and only 1 star out of 5 and is near Rainbow Vegetarian Café
The Waterman in city center serves English food.
Alimentum offers cheap Chinese food in a family atmosphere of the riverside area.
there is a Japanese coffee shop called The Eagle with a price range  of 20-25 pounds in Riverside near Burger King
Located near The Six Bells is Fitzbillies, which offers low-cost British dishes.
The Vaults in  Café Adriatic is a great 5 stars pub with middle prices.
Clowns is a coffee shop serving French food near Clare Hall in the city centre. It has a low customer rating.
The Waterman provides Chinese food in the cheap price range. It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Located in city centre, Alimentum,  near Yippee Noodle Bar provides Chinese food with a moderate price range, and customer rating 3 out of 5.
Green Man is a pub that serves Chinese food located in the riverside near Café Rouge
The Wrestlers a family friendly, cheap, French style place has a consistent 5 out of 5 rating from customers.
Children Friendly French Food place has a high price range and a customer rating 3 out of 5, the name is The Waterman and is located in city centre.
In the city centre is a French food restaurant called Alimentum. It is non family-friendly and it is in the less than £20 price range
Fitzbillies is an English based food place located near The Six Bells. Their food is generally less than £20.
Blue Spice is a moderately priced restaurant, situated on the riverside.
Scoring 3 out of 5 stars, the family friendly The Waterman is a highly priced riverside Sushi Bar.
Let's go to, Alimentum, at the riverside, they aren't kid friendly, it's fast food, and the price is moderate.
Strada is a restaurant with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Wildwood is a British pub with a one star rating and a high price point.
The Waterman provides fast food in the city centre area. It has a high price range and an average customer rating. It does not provide a children friendly environment.
Near Yippee Noodle Bar in the city centre is Alimentum, a high priced restaurant serving Italian food with one star.
Eat low cost Japanese food in The Dumpling Tree for all
The Twenty Two is a kid Friendly Japanese restaurant.
Located in the Riverside area, neighboring The Rice Boat, Loch Fyne is a Chinese restaurant that has received low customer ratings.
An inexpensive Italian restaurant is The Dumpling Tree.
The Cricketers is a restaurant providing Indian food It is near All Bar One.
5 out of 5 restaurant  called The Golden Palace in the riverside
The Wrestlers is a family restaurant, the prices are reasonable for 5 stars
The Eagle, serving Indian food, is rated 1 out of 5.
cheese pasta at the riverside Alimentum has a very low customer rating with a high price range near the Yippee Noodle Bar.
A pub near Café Adriatic named The Vaults has a low customer rating and has a price range of more than £30
Browns Cambridge an Indian coffee shop in the city centre area  near Crowne Plaza Hotel has a 5 of 5 rating  and is family friendly.
Clowns is a pub with moderate prices and a 3 out of 5 customer rating. It is located in the riverside area.
Alimentum is a cheaply priced Italian restaurant in the center of the city near Yippee Noodle Bar that has an average customer rating.
Loch Fyne is a child friendly Japanese restaurant.
There is a mid priced range restaurant called The Phoenix near the river.
The Golden Curry has Italian food and is children friendly. It has an average customer rating.
There is a child friendly restaurant located near The Sorrento by the name of Browns Cambridge. It is situated on the riverside and serves Italian food.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop serving Japanese food and is located near Raja Indian Cuisine and the city center.  It is non-family-friendly and is less than 20 pounds in price range.
The Cambridge Blue is a 3 out of 5 restaurant for Japanese food.
A restaurant with a high price range is called the Taste of Cambridge. It gets 3 out of 5 for ratings.
The Golden Curry near Café Rouge in the riverside area offers Japanese food in a family-friendly environment and has an average customer rating.
The Phoenix is an average priced Indian food restaurant, with a high customer rating, located in the city centre.
For a high priced city centre children friendly fast food restaurant go to Alimentum
Moderate priced French food and coffee at the coffee shop near The Sorrento, called The Mill.
Serving Italian food with a high price point, adults-only Strada is located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a high end French restaurant located near to The Six Bells.
For Japanese food, try Aromi. It is a restaurant down at the Riverside.
Blue Spice is a cheap, family friendly coffee shop near Avalon. It is in the area of riverside and has an average customer rating.
The Wrestlers serves French food with a price range of less than £20. It is family friendly but has a low customer rating.
The Golden Palace is a Japanese coffee shop located on the riverside.  It is rated 5 out of five and is priced over 30.
Near the Ranch is a mid-priced coffee shop called Wildwood providing food and drink.
In the higher price range is the child friendly establishment The Punter. It is located at the riverside near The Portland Arms.
Cotto is located near Ranch and it is a low ratings.
Giraffe is, yes, a family friendly coffee shop located near The Bakers that has a low customer rating and has a price range of less than £20.
Our moderate price range here at Loch Fyne Japanese restaurant provides an enjoyable place for most, as we are kid friendly.
With a price range of over 30 euros, The Cambridge Blue is a pub located near Café Brazil.
Close to The Sorrento in riverside The Mill coffee shop offers an Italian menu at a cost of less than £20.
Green Man Chinese is in riverside near All Bar One, they are children friendly, prices are more than 30.
A family safe mid priced restaurant is Loch Fyne.
A cheap Indian coffee shop with an average customer rating can be found in the city center in the form of The Golden Palace
Close to the Crowne Plaza Hotel is The Waterman restaurant
The Rice Boat near the Express by Holiday Inn, serves Italian food, is riverside and costs less than £20; however it is not family-friendly, and has a low customer rating.
Strada is a family friendly restaurant located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café. It has low prices and a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Cocum is a 1 star low cost family friendly coffee shop with healthy food and wine.
A family friendly restaurant named The Punter is located near Café Sicilia. It has low prices and is rated 3 out of 5.
No kids are welcome at The Vaults, an English restaurant with moderate priced food.
Strada offers a five star rating and fine Japanese food near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café - just leave the kids at home.
If you want to go out as a family to eat good Italian food in a friendly riverside pub then try the The Olive Grove . The meal will cost above average at over £30 but the children will be made welcome
Wildwood is near Ranch and has a average rating.  It is a cheap coffee shop offering Fast food.
Japanese restaurant, The Cambridge Blue is a 3 out 5 recommended restaurant.
The Olive Grove is a moderately priced adult only pub serving French food located in the city centre
Near Burger King, The Eagle, is a fast food coffee shop - not child friendly, with a high price range and average customer rating in the Riverside area,
There is a moderate priced pub The Mill located in riverside that serves French food.
Fitzbillies is located near the Express by Holiday Inn. The establishment is cheap, but not family-friendly. Rated 5 out of 5.
The Wildwood pub is an English food restaurant. It is in the expensive price bracket with a three star rating.
Just along from The Portland Arms, The Dumpling Tree public house offers English Food, without the kids.
The Wrestlers is an Italian restaurant. It has been highly rated with meals costing more than £30. It is not children friendly.
Mid priced Indian restaurant, The Rice Boat is a family friendly restaurant with a high customer rating. Situated near Express by Holiday Inn.
Loch Fyne serves Chinese food and is located in the riverside area near The Rice Boat. It has an average customer rating.
The Waterman is a low rated French pub in riverside.
The Waterman is a cheap, Italian shop in riverside. It is not a child friendly zone with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
There is a sushi restaurant called The Golden Curry, near Café Rouge, and by the river. It isn't family friendly and only has one star though.
in riverside  near Café Brazil there is a coffee shop The Vaults with  a price range of £20-25 and  high customer rating.
Visit Cocum with your kids if you want a highly rated Indian coffee shop without spending the earth.
The Punter is a coffee shop which offers fast food at a high price point suitable for families. It is located near Café Sicilia and is rated 1 star.
Cocum is a Japanese coffee shop and eatery. While it is not family-friendly and customers rate it average, typical costs are below twenty pounds.
The Olive Grove is a kid friendly restaurant in riverside
The Eagle is a coffee shop that is family-friendly. Prices range less than £20. It offers Japanese food and is located in the city centre near Burger King. It has a low customer rating.
Aromi coffee Shop is located in city center providing Italian food. Have 5 out of 5 costumer rating and family-friendly too.
There is a coffee shop called The Mill serving fast food at the riverside near The Sorrento. The price range is high.
Cotto is an Indian coffee shop near The Portland Arms in the city centre. They have a price range more than £30 and have a high customer rating
The Waterman restaurant pub is right off the river.
The Waterman is a low rated English pub in the city centre.
Zizzi is a kids friendly Japanese pub with high ratings.
The Dumpling Tree is an expansive English food restaurant.
coffee shop fast food moderate price range area riverside eat type fast food The Mill The Sorrento
There is a mid-priced pub The Plough located near Café Rouge that provides mid-priced fast food and is family friendly.
Fitzbillies a low cost family-friendly Italian coffee shop with an average rating located in the city.
The Eagle offers Italian food. The Eagles is rated high.
Near The Sorrento in riverside is a family friendly place called Browns Cambridge that serves Italian food.
Blue Spice is a kid friendly riverside coffee shop near Avalon. It has a moderate price range of 20 to 25 pounds and is highly rated.
Fitzbillies is a city centre coffee shop offering fast food. Prices are high and children are not permitted.
The Twenty Two is not family-friendly and offers fast food.
The Eagle is in the riverside area and it has a price range of less than £20 and an average customer rating.
The Waterman provides Chinese food It is near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
The Twenty Two is a fast food restaurant that is kid friendly.
An English restaurant near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café with a high customer rating is Strada. The price range is more than £30 and the restaurant is not friendly to children.
Although not considered family-friendly, highly rated The Golden Curry serves a French menu and sits on the Riverside near Café Rouge.
Midsummer House is a Japanese restaurant with a moderate price range. It is poorly rated, having received 1 out of 5. It is near All Bar One.
The Punter, found near Café Sicilia, is a family friendly coffee shop. It serves sushi in the high price range.
At the riverside there is a high customer rated English food place called Alimentum, which serves food for more that £30 , it is located near Yippee Noodle Bar.
For a children Friendly and a rating of 1 out of 5, visit The Waterman located in riverside.
Loch Fyne is a family friendly Chinese restaurant. Food costs less than £20.
Located in the City centre, is The Phoenix British restaurant.  High prices and a 3 out of 5 star rating.
Located in the city centre is The Golden Palace coffee shop.  It serves Indian food at a reasonable price and has average customer ratings.
With a1out of 5 customer rating, Cocum serves moderately priced Japanese fare in a kid friendly environment.
In riverside, The Punter located near The Portland Arms has a price range of more than £30 and is child friendly.
The Waterman, a Japanese restaurant, is located in city centre. It is family-friendly with price range less than £20, and has low customer ratings.
If you are enjoying walking riverside be sure to stop in The Dumpling Tree.  You will find this higher priced , child friendly , coffee shop near Café Sicilia
The Waterman is not children friendly and is located in riverside.  It has a price range of more than £30, a customer rating of 5 out of 5, and serves French food.
Cotto coffee shop offers Italian food. The price is low. Customer rating is average. Near The Portland Arms
There is a coffee shop named Browns Cambridge that is kid friendly and serves Japanese food that is located in Riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel. The customer rating is a 3-5 .
The Phoenix is a fast food place in riverside that has high customer ratings.
The Cambridge Blue is a 5 star British style restaurant.
Alimentum serves Japanese food for a cheap price range.  It is family friendly and located in the riverside area.
The Rice Boat a family friendly eatery up the road from the Express by Holiday Inn.
Highly rated Italian restaurant The Phoenix is located in City center and has low prices.
A restaurant near The Six Bells called Giraffe sells food ranging from £20-25.
Aromi is an Italian coffee shop that has an average customer rating, is in the riverside area and is child friendly
Browns Cambridge provides English food for more than £30, it also has a high customer rating
The Waterman is a low rated expensive Chinese in the city centre but is family friendly.
The Eagle is an adults-only coffee shop serving Japanese food. It has good reviews however it is quite expensive. It is located near Burger King in the city centre.
For cheap food, try Fitzbillies, just up from The Six Bells
The Waterman serves Indian cuisine and is located near Crowne Plaza Hotel. Sorry, no family's are allowed.
Green Man provides Indian food in the moderate price range. It is located in the city centre. It is near All Bar One.
The Cambridge Blue is a restaurant serving Chines food. It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Located near The Portland Arms, the family friendly pub named The Dumpling Tree serves delicious Italian food.
The Waterman pub is located near the river and offers a wide variety to choose from.
Cocum offers pub type food and it is child friendly but it is expensive and consumers rate it average.
Aromi coffee shop is a low rated, non family family restaurant in the city centre.
Alimentum is a low-priced restaurant near Yippee Noodle Bar that offers Chinese food.
The Eagle has a low customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is located in the area of riverside and has a moderate price range.
Cocum is a 1 star pub that is not family oriented.
Green Man is a kid friendly, moderately priced, French restaurant in Riverside near All Bar One.
The Rice Boat is a moderately priced restaurant in riverside near Express by Holiday Inn. The restaurant serves Japanese food and has low customer rating.
Bibimbap House, which is in the riverside area near Clare Hall, serves French food in the price range of cheap.
Clowns is an expensive  place  where children are welcome, located near the Café Sicilia .
The Golden Curry is a restaurant near Café Rouge in the city centre. It serves Italian food and is not family-friendly. It has a low customer rating.
Cotto is a coffee shop providing Indian food in the high price range. It is located in the riverside. It is near The Portland Arms. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Phoenix restaurant for Italian suitable prices food located in riverside.
The Waterman serves French food at the riverside. Its price range is more than £30, but it has a 5 out 5 rating and is friendly to children.
There is an Indian restaurant called Green Man in the city centre. The price range is bearable but it is not child friendly. It is also located near All Bar One.
There is a coffee shops called Clowns that provides Indian food. It has a high customer rating and is located near Clare Hall by the riverside
There is a high-priced place The Punter
There is a non children friendly coffee shop near Café Sicilia that has a high price range and an average customer rating named The Punter.
Located close to The Portland Arms, The Cricketers is a highly rated coffee shop which sells Indian food and is family friendly.
The Wrestlers is a restaurant in the medium price range and is family-friendly.
Near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café is a restaurant called Strada.  Although this Italian restaurant is highly priced, it is rated five stars and is family friendly.
Loch Fyne is a high priced restaurant which serves pasta.
Zizzi doesn't allow children and has a low rating. It is a Chinese pub.
There is a French coffee shop called The Eagle that has a low customer rating but is child friendly and is more than 30 dollars and is located in the riverside area near Burger King.
You shouldn't bring your kids to the highly rated pub Cocum.  You can expect to spend between £20-25.
The Rice Boat is where you can eat the best English Food with all you family, a really good choice in the riverside
The Wrestlers, rating 3 out of 5, provides a moderately priced Fast food meal that is not kids friendly.
Strada is an upscale children friendly Italian restaurant located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
The Punter-located near Café Sicilia-is an expensive, family friendly coffee shop that serves Japanese food. It received a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Olive Grove is a cheap, family friendly,  Japanese pub in Riverside.
Zizzi French cuisine pub has a high customer rating.
Strada is a 5 out of 5 rated restaurant.
The Rice Boat is a fast food restaurant near the riverside. The Rice Boat has average customer ratings and has no special amenities for children.
Fitzbillies is an average coffee shop with prices less than £20.  Not suitable for children.  Located in the city center.
Strada is an overpriced, child-friendly, low-rated place.
In the riverside area there is a highly priced Fast food place called The Phoenix, it only has a 1 out of 5 rating.
Taste of Cambridge restaurant received 5 out of 5 star score. The place offers dishes for more than 30L.
Fitzbillies is near Express by Holiday Inn. It is cheap, family friendly and has a customer Rating of 5 out 5.
The Rice Boat is  a family friendly, cheap Italian eatery, located by the riverside Express by Holiday Inn, and has received an average customer rating.
Located in the city centre, the pub Aromi is not family-friendly and has an average customer rating.
If you're looking for something quick by riverside, try Blue Spice.  It's fast food, but it is pricey.
The Rice Boat is an English restaurant with an average customer rating  near Express by Holiday Inn. It has a cheap price range. It has a bad family-friendly atmosphere.
The Olive Grove  is 20 to 25 £  pub   at the riverside. Also its a kids Friendly place .
For French cuisine, there is Bibimbap House, near The Rice Boat in riverside.
Loch Fyne is a low priced English family friendly restaurant.
The Olive Grove is a low price range pub located just north of the City Centre that serves traditional English meals. No public restrooms available.
The Phoenix, serving Chinese food over £30 in the city centre has a high customer rating.
There is a cheap but 5-star restaurant Midsummer House located beside All Bar One that provides spaghetti and various  drinks.
The Punter is a low rated fast food restaurant and coffee shop. It is reasonably priced and can be found close to Café Sicilia.
Giraffe is a moderately-priced restaurant near The Six Bells.
For a family friendly Japanese food, head to Browns Cambridge. It can be found near The Sorrento, located in the riverside area.
In the riverside area, near The Rice Boat, there is a low-rated Japanese food place called Loch Fyne.
Loch Fyne is a averaged rated restaurant. They are located in City centre, near The Rice Boat.
The Rice Boat provides Chinese food in the £20-25 price range. It is located in the city centre. It is near Express by Holiday Inn. Its customer rating is high.
There is a average customer rating, not family-friendly restaurant called Cocum.
The Punter serves Indian food at a moderate price range.
The Loch Fyne is located next the The Rice Boat and it provides fast food.
The Dumpling Tree is a pub that serves Chinese food.  It is located near The Portland Arms and is children friendly.
The Rice Boat provides Indian food in riverside. It is located near Express by Holiday Inn. It has a high customer rating and is in the price range of £20-25. It is kids friendly.
The Waterman provides Indian food in the high price range. It is by the riverside, not children friendly, and rated by customers 1 out of 5.
Cheap Japanese food can be found at the family-friendly and highly rated coffee shop called Cocum.
The Eagle is a cheap-priced  coffee shop that provides Indian food and is located in the city centre near Burger King. It is family friendly and the customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Strada is rated 3 out of 5 by customers for its average price range and adult atmosphere.
The Punter is a sushi restaurant located in the city, offering a higher price range.
Near Café Rouge there is the Midsummer House that has a high customer rating. It serves fast food.
Blue Spice on the river offers meals at a low cost.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is a restaurant with a price range of more than £30. It isn't children-friendly.
The Olive Grove, located by the riverside, is a low-priced pub serving Japanese food in a family friendly atmosphere.
French food place Alimentum has a price range less than £20 and is located in city centre.
The Cricketers is a family coffee shop, with delicious food located near The Portland Arms.
Loch Fyne offers Japanese food ranging from £20-25 and is kid friendly.
By the Rainbow Vegetarian Café, near the river, there's a pub called The Golden Palace that's normally under twenty quid.
The Phoenix It provides fast foods at a reduced price and is located near the river
kid friendly named The Twenty Two by the riverside serves French food
While in the city centre, look for the high priced Indian restaurant The Mill. The Sorrento is just near by.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. They serve moderately priced Indian food and are kid friendly.
Aromi is a Japanese coffee shop that is kid friendly, has a 5 out of 5 customer rating, and is located in riverside.
there are many places child friendly yes. The price range is also manageable more than £30. The name of the place is Alimentum. the type of food is Italian. and finally it is near the riverside
In Riverside, Zizzi is a kid-friendly, moderately-priced  coffee shop with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
In the city centre, near Avalon is Blue Spice. It is a cheap, family-friendly coffee shop. its customer rating is low however.
The Golden Curry Chinese food restaurant has an average customer rating and is not family friendly.
The Mill is a French coffee shop located near The Sorrento in Riverside. The Mill average price range is £20-25.
Loch Fyne is a kids friendly English restaurant. It has  a moderate price range.
Five star restaurant, The Golden Curry, is located in City centre near Café Rouge.  It has a family friendly atmosphere.
The Golden Curry offers Chinese for a high price, its near The Bakers. it is not children friendly
The Twenty Two is a good place  to go  for a Japanese  meal especially if you have kids because of the family friendly ambiance.
There is a family-friendly restaurant named The Waterman. It serves Italian cuisine at less than £20 and can be found in the city centre.
The Golden Curry is a child friendly Japanese restaurant with an excellent customer rating.
Cotto is an expensive, Indian coffee shop in the city centre near The Portland Arms. However, it's pretty average.
If you've got £30 in your pocket, try Blue Spice. It is a Japanese restaurant located in Riverside.
Strada a low price Located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café serving Italian Food no family-friendly with average customer rating
With cheap prices, The Plough is a family friendly pub that serves French food. It is located near Café Rouge.
There is a high rated Chinese restaurant called The Phoenix located riverside.
The Waterman is a cheap family friendly place.
The children friendly pub called The Olive Grove serves French food and has a high price range.  It is located in the riverside area.
If you are looking for a coffee shop in the riverside area try The Eagle. Also serving low priced French food it is located close to Burger King. It is not family-friendly but has customer ratings of 5 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge has a high customer rating priced at more than £30
In the moderate price range is the Giraffe which is kids friendly and is near The Bakers. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5
The Waterman is a low cost family eatery near the City centre.
A French coffee shop called Cocum has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 but its prices are more than £30 and it isn't children friendly.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that offers Fast Food with a cheap price range. It has a customer rating 5 out of 5, there is no family area and is is located in the city centre.
The Phoenix is not near the city centre. It serves American food and it is affordable.
English food is being served at The Punter, prices start from £20-£25.
The Wrestlers serves fast food. It is also a coffee shop. The price range is moderate. It is kids friendly. It is in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine.
Near Avalon there is a children-friendly coffee shop names the Blue Spice. It is located at the riverside and has a high price range. its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop that provides Indian food at a higher cost.  They are located in the center of the city near Raja Indian Cuisine and do not allow children.
The Rice Boat is an adult French restaurant in riverside located near Express by Holiday Inn.  The cost ranges from 20-25 and has a rating of 3 out of 5.
The Waterman near the riverside is a pub that serves Japanese food with a customer rating of 3 out of 5
The Waterman is a family friendly restaurant providing meals in the low price range. It is located near the city centre.
The Punter is an expensive establishment serving Chinese food.
The Golden Palace are a 1 out of 5 rated restaurant located on the riverside
The Eagle has the best French food
Browns Cambridge  provides  Japanese food high  price range of £25-25  and as a high customer rating
The Rice Boat provides cheap Chinese food in the city centre. It is near to Express by Holiday Inn. It is not family friendly. It has a low customer rating.
The Golden Curry serves French food and is kid friendly and received a customer rating of 5 out of 5
Loch Fyne is a highly rated Japanese restaurant near The Rice Boat at the riverside.
Strada is a restaurant with a one out of five rating.
On the riverside, near All Bar One, is the fast food joint Green Man.  It is expensive, but child friendly.
The Punter offers cheap Chinese food.
Cotto is a expensive coffee shop located close to The Portland Arms.
With a customer rating of 5 out of 5, the French coffee shop, The Punter, is child friendly and located near Café Sicilia.  Prices are more than £30.
The ratings for The Waterman restaurant located near the riverside are 3 out of 5. It helps that it is a kid friendly restaurant.
There is an average-priced pub named The Cambridge Blue, providing Japanese food it is located near Café Brazil.
The Golden Curry is a child friendly French restaurant located near Café Rouge in the riverside area, and has a great rating of 5 out of 5.
Chinese food is featured at the Browns Cambridge.  Prices for meals are less than 20 pounds. It has a low customer rating.
Welcome to the Green Man. We are not children friendly. Our food is English, and we are located on the riverside near the All Bar One. Our price  range is high.
Strada is a family friendly venue providing average food in a cheap price range
There is a kid friendly restaurant in riverside called The Olive Grove.
The Vaults is a family friendly restaurant, that serves a wide range of French dishes for £20 or less.
Near Café Sicilia there is a pub with a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is on the riverside and is called The Twenty Two
There is a Fast food restaurant with a low customer rating called Midsummer House. It is near Café Rouge.
Green Man is in the city centre near All Bar One with a moderate price range. It serves Japanese and is kid friendly.
There is an Italian restaurant near All Bar One called The Cricketers.
Strada has an average customer rating, a price range of less than £20 and is family friendly.
Alimentum is a high-priced, three-star restaurant located along the riverside near the Yippee Noodle Bar.  They serve wine and hors d'oeuvres.
Loch Fyne is a non-family-friendly French restaurant.
The Cambridge Blue, a Chinese restaurant, has an average customer rating.
A fast food pub with a high customer rating is Wildwood.
The Waterman is a Chinese restaurant located riverside. Family friendly, moderately priced, customer rated 3 out of 5.
Come to The Golden Curry restaurant for some luxurious pasta that your entire family will love, just right outside The Bakers
Cheap coffee shop, Fitzbillies serves cheap fast food. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5  and is near the riverside. It is not family-friendly.
The Phoenix serves highly rated Japanese food in the Riverside area.
Rated average and family-friendly, Fitzbillies coffee shop offers low prices on Italian food and is located in the city centre.
The Olive Grove is a family friendly moderately priced pub located near the river.
The Rice Boat near Express by Holiday Inn is kid  friendly, has French food, a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and a price range of 20-25 euros.
Near the Express by Holiday Inn there is moderately priced 1 star restaurant called Fitzbillies that is not family friendly.
In the riverside a no family friendly restaurant with Chinese food sell less than £20 The Alimentum
Near Ranch you will find The Cotto, a family friendly restaurant serving lower end French food.
The Eagle near Burger King in the heart of the city centre. Is an Italian food and coffee shop which children friendly and a customer rating of high standard. The price range more than £30.
The Rice Boat is a Japanese restaurant with low prices and is family friendly located in riverside near Express by Holiday Inn.  High customer rating.
The Cricketers coffee Shop. It is located in City center near The Portland Arms. Have 3 out of 5 costumer rating and family-friendly.
The Plough is a pub near Café Rouge,providing cheap price range Chinese food in a family friendly environment.
Zizzi is a Chinese pub that doesn't allow children and has a low rating.
If you like Japanese food you will love The Cambridge Blue our fantastic 3 star restaurant.
Highly rated Strada, located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café is both cheap and family Friendly. It caters to English food.
Near the Café Brazil, in the riverside area, is a coffee shop named The Vaults that has an average rating and very affordable.
The Dumpling Tree has French food and is a restaurant with a price range of £20-25.
The Rice Boat offers Japanese cuisine in the city centre.
The Rice Boat  is a average restaurant in the city centre that serves Japanese food.
Located near the river, Green Man is a family friendly place that offers cheap sushi.
There is a Japanese restaurant called The Rice Boat with an average customer rating and is family friendly located at riverside.
The Rice Boat serves Italian food in a high price range in a children-friendly setting. At the riverside, it is situated near Express by Holiday Inn and has an average customer rating.
The Cambridge Blue is a 5 stars restaurant, with a delicious sushi.
The Rice Boat is in the riverside area and is a sushi bar.
The Waterman, a Japanese non children Friendly restaurant in the riverside area has a high price range and a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
In Riverside, there is an average priced restaurant serving Chinese food in a pub called The Olive Grove.
The Waterman is Italian food in the city centre with price moderate and rank 1 out of 5
Cocum is a highly rated, children friendly coffee shop offering Italian selections over £30.
The Eagle is not kid friendly.  It is located near Burger King in city centre.  It is a French coffee shop that has a 1 out of 5 rating.
The Mill coffee shop  is near The Sorrento and caters for people with a higher budget.
Alimentum is an inexpensive location offering typical American fare that is located near Yippee Noodle Bar on the river.
There is a cheap coffee shop The Punter located near the Café Sicilia that provides sushi in the low price range
Clowns is at the riverside and the price range is less than £20. It is a pub and the customer rating is low,
The family friendly restaurant costs about less than 20 pounds. The Golden Curry is a fast food restaurant near The Bakers.
The riverside area has a kids friendly fast food pub between £20-£25 price range called The Olive Grove.
The Waterman pub , Is located near Riverside that serves Italian food and has a customer rating of 5-5.
Loch Fyne is a Chinese restaurant near The Rice Boat in the city centre that has received average customer response.
The Waterman is an average English food restaurant located in the city centre that is cheap and family-friendly.
The Golden Curry is a medium priced restaurant near The Bakers
Browns Cambridge is a well rated restaurant and a cheap one.
Bibimbap House is located near Clare Hall in the riverside area which offers fast food at moderate prices.
Bibimbap House provides Chinese food It is located in the riverside. It is near The Rice Boat.
Cotto, located near The Portland Arms in the city centre, is a low rated Japanese coffee shop that offers prices in the more than L30 range.
Clowns is a coffee shop that serves French food. It is near the city center and Clare Hall and the customer rating are average.
If you've got kids in tow with a curious palate, why not try The Wrestlers, a French style coffee shop in the city centre - near Raja Indian Cuisine.
Giraffe is a restaurant near The Six Bells with food less than  £20.
The Eagle is a coffee shop serving Indian food in the mid-price range. it is in the city centre near Burger King, is kid friendly and has a high customer rating.
Bibimbap House is an Italian restaurant located near The Rice Boat in city centre
Loch Fyne is an inexpensive Japanese restaurant that is kid friendly.
Fitzbillies is an English restaurant near The Six Bells. It has a moderate price range.
If you are in the riverside area be sure to look for the great coffee shop, The Vaults. You will find it near Café Brazil . The prices are in the higher range.
The Eagle, located near the Burger King, is an upscale, family-friendly coffee shop offering tasty burgers and fries. It is several blocks from the city center.
Taste of Cambridge is a cheap price range restaurant with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
A venue in the riverside area with prices under £20 is The Eagle, it has a low customer rating.
The Mill is a moderately priced Italian coffee shop located near The Sorrento in riverside.
With a rating of 3 out of 5, the children friendly Blue Spice is near the city centre and has a high price range.
There is a high-priced fast food restaurant The Phoenix located in City Centre.
The Phoenix is a one-star restaurant in the high price range.  It is located near the river.
There's a 5 out of 5 customer rated Chinese pub called Zizzi.  It isn't family friendly though.
A Family Friendly pub with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 in the riverside area is Aromi.
Fitzbillies is a children friendly restaurant in the high price range. It is near Express by Holiday Inn and has a customer rating  of 1 out of 5.
A coffee shop, The Mill, serves Indian food and is located near The Sorrento.  Prices at The Mill range above 30 pounds.
The Eagle is a Japanese restaurant rated 3 out of 5.
There is a Japanese coffee shop with a low customer rating near Café Sicilia.  They serve food in the less than £20 range and are family friendly, look for The Punter.
Strada is a Chinese pub, near Yippee Noodle Bar, with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Giraffe is a family-friendly pub that serves fast food in the city centre.
Green Man is a pub on a riverside that is near Café Rouge. They serve French food.
Zizzi is a moderate priced coffee shop with s price range of more than £30 which is child friendly has a rating of 5 out of 5 and is in riverside.
The Twenty Two is a family friendly  Chinese restaurant.
A restaurant that costs more than £30 is on the riverside called Zizzi
Fast food with moderate prices is served in The Rice Boat in city centre near Express by Holiday Inn. It is kids friendly and customer rated 1 out of 5.
The Waterman is inexpensive and family-Friendly.
There is an expensive Chinese restaurant called The Vaults that is not child friendly.
For less than £20 you can pick up some fast food in the city centre near Clare Hall from a food venue called Bibimbap House.
Alimentum provides Indian food in the £20-25 price range. It is located in the city centre. It is near Yippee Noodle Bar. Its customer rating is high.
The Cricketers is a pub that is children friendly and has an average customer rating near Ranch.
Cotto is an expensive coffee shop near The Portland Arms.
Loch Fyne is an Italian restaurant and is also children friendly.
There is a non-family-friendly pub Aromi located in the city centre with a low customer rating.
The coffee shop, The Vaults, is a highly rated coffee shop near Café Brazil and at the riverside, and its prices range above £30.
The Strada is located near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café and it is family friendly.
The Dumpling Tree is a family friendly pub serving Italian food near The Portland Arms.
Cocum is a family friendly pub that has a price range less than £20 and has a low customer rating
Green Man is located near All Bar One, in the city centre. The English restaurant is inexpensive, but not family friendly.
The Mill is a pub that provides Chinese food in the cheap price range. It is located in the riverside.
The Golden Curry is a child friendly Indian restaurant located near Café Rouge within Riverside.
The Mill is a Japanese restaurant. It is riverside, located next to The Sorrento, and the range of price is between £20 and £25.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that welcomes the entire family to come enjoy the Japanese food on the riverside while only spending a moderate amount.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop providing Indian food in the more than £30 price range. It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is high.
In the riverside area you will the pub, Giraffe.  Here you will experience an adult only atmosphere, while your food is served quickly.
The Waterman eats French food near Crown Plaza Hotel.
There is an Italian restaurant in the city centre named Alimentum. It's near the Yippee Noodle Bar. The food is high priced, but customers have only given it average ratings.
Fitzbillies is an adults only Indian coffee shop located near riverside. The prices are moderate and the customer ranking is 1 out of 5.
An Italian kid-friendly restaurant called The Rice Boat near the river has received a low customer rating.
Aromi is a kid friendly pub in the riverside area with a customer rating 1 out of 5.
It has high customer rating with food within £20 to £25. Browns Cambridge serves Italian food.
The 5 out of 5 rated coffee shop, The Eagle, is located in the city centre near the Burger King. It is not family friendly, with cheap Indian food being served.
There is a mid-priced, family friendly restaurant, The Wrestlers coffee Shop, that offers take-out or deliveries. It is located in city centre just east of Raja Indian Cuisine.
Near The Rice Boat , Riverside,  The Twenty Two is a kid friendly establishment, moderately priced,  with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
In the riverside area, near Café Adriatic, is Travellers Rest Beefeater. It has a 5 out 5 customer rating and a price range of more than £30.
Giraffe is a pub located in the city centre that servers English dishes.
In the Riverside area near The Rice Boat, The Twenty Two offers a family friendly environment with pricing less than 20 but a low customer rating.
The coffee shop named The Golden Palace has Italian food and is along the riverside. The price range is moderate and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
There is a recommended five star sushi restaurant Strada located close by the Yippee Noodle Bar
There is a fast food with low customer rating The Eagle.
Family Friendly located in the riverside area with a cheap price Range is Green Man
At the riverside area is The Golden Curry, with a rating of 5 out of 5. It is family friendly, serves English food, and can be found near Café Rouge.
Delicious Japanese food sold in the city centre at The Rice Boat.
The Golden Curry serves Chinese food, isn't child friendly and has a low customer rating. It is near Café Rouge and the city centre.
The Phoenix is an Indian restaurant near riverside with a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It has a moderate price range.
The Rice Boat is located on the river and is family friendly.
The Mill is a pub on the riverside which serves Japanese food in the less than £20 price range.
There is a cheap and family-friendly  coffee shop The Dumpling Tree  located in city centre in the price range less than £20. It is near the Café Sicilia.
Near The Rice Boat there's a Fast food place at the riverside named Loch Fyne that has a customer rating of 3 out of 5
The Rice Boat serves French food. Located near Express by Holiday Inn in the city centre area. Relatively cheap. and family-friendly.
Child friendly restaurant, The Twenty Two, provides Italian meals also.
Zizzi is a child friendly pub, which an average customer rating which serves English food.
The price range is high, the customer ratings are 1 out of 5 stars, which is low; nevertheless, the Wildwood pub is a fast food chain enjoyable to everyone.
Within a moderate price range the outstanding French food available at The Golden Palace, provides a 1 out of 5 customer rated coffee shop style venue on the riverside
Browns Cambridge serves Japanese food in a family friendly atmosphere. It is located near The Sorrento on the riverside.
Fitzbillies is a Japanese food and coffee shop located at riverside, with a price range of £20-25. Customers rated it as high, but it is not kid-friendly.
The Phoenix is a restaurant located in City Centre.  1 out of 5 customer rating.
The Travellers Rest Beefeater located near the Café Adriatic, is an expensive one star restaurant.
The Mill is an inexpensive Indian pub in riverside.
The Eagle Is a restaurant located next to Burger King,  in the low price range
Cocum is a cheap coffee shop that sells French food. its has been rated 5 out of 5 by customers, however it isn't family-friendly
A restaurant with Japanese food named The Waterman  is not family-friendly and is located in the city centre. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 and a price range more then £30.
The Golden Curry offers fast food in a family-friendly setting. Reviews rate it as 'average'.
The Golden Curry is a  Chinese joint. It is near The Bakers, and  is a less than £20 and family friendly.
In the riverside area near the Express by Holiday Inn is The Rice Boat. It serves fast food and has a high customer rating. The price range is £20 to £25. It is not child friendly.
The Eagle, a Japanese restaurant with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Fitzbillies is a place that is not kid friendly having a price range of 20-25 with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 is located near the Express by Holiday Inn
A family friendly Italian restaurant located in the City center. and its called The Wrestlers.
The restaurant Midsummer House located next to All Bar One is in the low price range
The Golden Curry is a Chinese restaurant located in the city centre near Café Rouge. The Golden Curry is not family friendly and has a low customer rating.
Bibimbap House, a Japanese restaurant near Clare Hall on the riverside, has a high price range.
Alimentum, an English food place with a high customer rating and a price range of over £30 which is near Yippee Noodle Bar at the riverside.
Green Man is a moderately priced fast food outlet in the city centre near to All Bar One.  Children are welcome.
The Waterman, located on the riverside, serves Japanese food and is not family-friendly. The reviews aren't great but the prices are low.
For Fast food in the riverside area, The Phoenix is pretty average.
Alimentum is an expensive fast-food restaurant with a low star rating. It is located near to Yippee Noodle Bar.
Wildwood server English pub food at a moderate price
The Mill is a pub in Riverside offering high priced Italian cuisine.
The Cricketers is an Indian coffee shop with high ratings.  This restaurant located near The Portland Arms has a high rating and is friendly to children.
There is an expensive low rated kid friendly coffee shop near The Bakers called Giraffe.
Cotto is a Chinese food restaurant with a 1 out of 5 customer rating, and it is child friendly near a Ranch.
Highly rated; The Phoenix is a high priced Japanese food restaurant near city centre.
the Pub at riverside called Clowns has a high price range and is rated 3 out of 5
The Punter coffee shop offers food and drink. It is located near Café Sicilia.
A kid friendly pub that has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 is Cocum.  It is in the moderate price range.
The Rice Boat is a 1 star restaurant that is medium priced  for families near Express by Holiday Inn.
There is a pub The Waterman serving Chinese rated low by customer in riverside.
The Rice Boat is near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café, it costs more than £30 but it has a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
The Cambridge Blue pub is a restaurant that provides a average-priced food. It is located near Café Brazil.
Wildwood coffee shop has the best meals at good prices. It is rated one star and is located at Ranch.
Loch Fyne provides Indian food It is located in the riverside. It is near The Rice Boat. Its customer rating is average.
Alimentum has a  three-star rating and is located near Yippee Noodle Bar. It's near the riverside area with a moderate price range.
Low price The Golden Curry is family friendly located near The Bakers.
Zizzi is a high priced coffee shop providing a children Friendly environment located in riverside. They have a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
Giraffe is a pricey kid friendly coffee shop near The Bakers; rated 5 out of 5
Even though Strada has a low customer rating,  it is family friendly and  offers selections for less than £20.
The Phoenix serves Japanese food in the city centre with high prices and low customer ratings
Earning a customer rating of 5 out of 5, The Golden Curry is a fast food restaurant that is not family-friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a high class restaurant.
Located on the riverside near The Rice Boat, Bibimbap House is an English venue.
The Rice Boat is a pasta restaurant with a family friendly environment. It is in the high price range, has one star, and can be found by Express by Holiday Inn.
The Giraffe, a coffee shop, is located near The Bakers. It is kid Friendly, has a moderate price range and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
There is a cheap, poorly rated burger place called The Waterman just outside of City centre.
The Eagle, moderately priced coffee shop near Burger King in the Riverside area, not kid friendly, 1 out of 5 rating.
There is an expensive restaurant called Loch Fyne which provides a family friendly, sit-down environment.
Near Café Rouge in riverside is a restaurant called The Golden Curry that serves fast food. It has a 5 out of 5 rating.
The Wrestlers serves French food in a family friendly coffee shop and is situated near Raja Indian Cuisine
The Dumpling Tree coffee shop located in the riverside area near Café Sicilia family friendly with moderate prices
Clowns is a coffee shop that also sells fast food, with a very high customer rating while located riverside next to Clare Hall.
The Phoenix is a French restaurant with a 5 out of 5 rating situated in the riverside area.
for a restaurant  with customer Rating 5 out of 5, the Taste of Cambridge offers meals in the more than £30 price Range
The family friendly restaurant near The Sorrento is called Browns Cambridge. It serves Chinese.
There is a low customer rated coffee shop that is called the Browns Cambridge that serves French food and is family friendly near Crown Plaza Hotel on the riverside.
The Rice Boat is an Italian restaurant on the riverside which is family friendly.
The Dumpling Tree is a child friendly pub, serving Italian food near The Portland Arms.
Averagely rated and riverside, The Rice Boat serves French food and is family friendly.
The Browns Cambridge is an Italian restaurant with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 with a moderate price range.
The Olive Grove is a pub which is family friendly. The price range is less than £20 and English food is served. It is at the riverside.
Alimentum serves Indian food with a cheap price range and average customer rating in riverside near Yippee Noodle Bar.
The Cricketers is a kid friendly pub near the Ranch with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Waterman is family-Friendly place with prices less than £20.
The Bibimbap House is a restaurant providing English food in the mid to high price range. It is located by the riverside near Clare Hall.
The Twenty Two is a high priced restaurant who received on star and is family-friendly. They are located on the river near The Rice Boat.
The Twenty Two is not family-friendly with English food in Riverside area.
The Rice Boat is an averagely establishment serving Italian food. It is located near Express by Holiday Inn in the city centre. The Rice Boat is not family-friendly.
The Phoenix is an Chinese restaurant located North of the City centre by the river. It is a low cost restaurant and has been rated 3 out of 5 stars by its customers.
The Golden Curry in riverside, near Café Rouge serves Indian food. It has a rating of 5 out of 5 and is family friendly.
If you are looking for a kid friendly restaurant serving French food, try Browns Cambridge, located riverside near The Sorrento.
Alimentum is a  French restaurant with 5 out 5 customer ratings that served affordable dishes is located in Riverside near Yippee Noodle Bar.
Browns Cambridge is in the riverside area near The Sorrento. It is family friendly and serves Japanese food.
In riverside, near The Rice Boat, there is an average rated fast food chain named Loch Fyne.
Browns Cambridge has a three star rating and serves fast food at mid range prices.
The Golden Curry has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It caters to children and serves English food.
There a restaurant in the riverside area called The Twenty Two its family friendly and right by The Rice Boat. The prices are very low.
The Eagle has a low customer rating and serves French food.
On riverside is The Twenty Two a child friendly establishment serving Japanese food
The Golden Curry is an English, family-friendly restaurant with super low prices. It is located near The Bakers.
Clowns is a coffee shop that sells Japanese food. It is poorly rated and located on the riverside by Clare Hall.
Green Man offers inexpensive American fare in a family friendly environment and is located close to All Bar One.
The Rice Boat provides Chinese food It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
In the city center near Avalon there is a coffee shop called 'Blue Spice'. The prices are reasonable and the customer reviews are average. It is not recommended for children.
There is a cheap Indian coffee shop, Cocum, which is not family friendly and has 5 out of 5 customer rating.
The Eagle is a restaurant with 1 Star.
Fitzbillies is a cheap 1 out of 5 rated location. It is not family friendly and is by Express by Holiday Inn.
Blue Spice is serving French food in the riverside area for less than 20£.
The Rice Boat is providing Italian food near  Express by Holiday Inn in the riverside
The Waterman is an Indian pub with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 in the city centre.
The Dumpling Tree is an English restaurant with a cheap menu.
The Vaults is a cheap Chinese eatery for the whole family.
Loch Fyne is a restaurant providing sea food and grills  in the average price range. It is located in the city centre
The Rice Boat is a 5-star restaurant located north of the city center. by the river, known for their British cuisine. If you're staying at the Express by Holiday Inn with your family, this expensive, but highly reviewed restaurant is very close by.
The Taste of Cambridge is an over- expensive restaurant that isn't very good.
Bibimbap House is expensive and located near Clare Hall
There is a cheap pub The Plough located beside Café Rouge that provides fine dine. It is suitable for families.
Located in the centre of the city The Waterman sell Indian food with a high-priced range, the rate is 1 out of 5 because Isn't friendly with children.
The restaurant, Cotto, located near Ranch, serves French food, is family friendly, and has a low customer rating.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop offering Indian food at a reasonable price. Located in the riverside area, customer give it a three out of five rating.
Midsummer House is located near Café Rouge. It has a three-star rating and offers sushi.
Rated 5 out of 5, Fitzbillies is a French coffee shop by riverside. It is not children friendly and cost more than 30.
Bibimbap House is a high price restaurant located near Clare Hall.
Cocum is a kid friendly pub with high customer ratings.  Prices range from £20-25.
For a coffee shop which is family friendly, has a 5 out of 5 rating, serves Japanese food and is under £30 you should visit The Punter near Café Sicilia
A family friendly restaurant located in Riverside that is rated 5 out of 5 is called The Waterman.
In the city centre, there is a high-priced French coffee shop named The Golden Palace. Customers rated it 3 out of 5.
Fitzbillies Indian coffee shop in the city centre, rated 5 out of 5 by customers, is adult oriented and priced  cheap,
The Dumpling Tree; A French Food restaurant , their prices are slightly higher than your average restaurant at £30
Cocum is a cheap coffee shop serving fast food. It is rated 5 out of 5 by customers but it is not family-friendly.
There is a kid friendly pub  called The Plough that is located near Café Rouge. Its food is priced between £20-25.
The Rice Boat is one star rated and in the low price range. It offers a full English breakfast. It is located close to Express by Holiday Inn. It is not family friendly.
The Wrestlers serve French food at their kid-friendly venue. The food is of moderate price and they have a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
There is a Chinese food place named The Golden Curry that has an average customer rating and is family friendly.
The Rice Boat offers a full English breakfast. It has a one star rating and is in the low price range. It is located near to the Express by Holiday Inn. It is not family friendly.
The Punter is an Indian coffee shop with moderate prices.  Located near Café Sicilia, the shop is kid friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Green Man located in the city centre, which is near All Bar One, is not children friendly, and has a price range that is more than 30 pounds.
The Wrestlers is a Mid priced, Japanese restaurant, that offers family dining.
Blue Spice is a restaurant providing pasta in the low price range. It's located by the margin of the river.
Located near the Ranch, the Indian coffee shop Wildwood, has a low customer rating but a very cheap price range of less than £20.
The Rice Boat is an English food serving place located in the city center that is not family-friendly and has an average customer rating.
In the city centre you will find The Rice Boat which is a highly rated child friendly  Italian restaurant. It has prices more than £30 and is located near Express by Holiday Inn.
In city center, The Waterman providing Indian food in less then £20. Customer rating is low and marked as no family friendly.
Browns Cambridge coffee shop. for burger and chips, for all the family.   Near Crown Plaza Hotel.
Fitzbillies has English food and a moderate price range and is located near The Six Bells.
The Waterman is a restaurant providing food in the  low price range.
With a perfect customer rating, The Golden Curry is family friendly and located near Café Rouge in City center.
There is a one-star coffee shop named The Golden Palace has high prices which is located by the rive.
Giraffe is a family-friendly pub providing English dishes. It is located in the city centre.
Riverside includes the French family restaurant, The Rice Boat, rated 3 stars.
Located in city center, fast food coffee shop Fitzbillies has an average customer rating with a cheap price range. It is not family-friendly.
An exceptional child and budget friendly eatery near the river is Blue Spice.
Green Man is a pub offering French food.  It is located near Café Rouge in the riverside area.
Zizzi is rated the number 1 place to eat in Cambridge city. The mouth watering English food and the child friendly options give the place a number 1 rating. We highly recommend Zizzis to you
In the city centre is The Golden Palace. It is a coffee shop that serves Japanese food and has 3 out of 5 stars.
The Rice Boat Italian restaurant in the city centre near Express by Holiday Inn has a low customer rating, it is not family-friendly, and the price range is less than 20 pounds.
Blue Spice located in the center of the city, is an average family restaurant priced less than 20.
The Waterman providing Fast food, and cheap price range. It is located in city center, have 5 out of 5 costumer rating and family-friendly too.
The Cricketers is a Family Friendly Fast food coffee shop, near The Portland Arms customers give it a average rating.
The Golden Curry is serving English food with a high customer rating and is located near Café Rouge.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop located in the city centre which offers top quality food at a moderate price.
Why not head on down to The Plough. Near Café Rouge, this local pub serves Chinese food between £20 - £25 and is kid friendly
Clowns is located near Café Sicilia. It is child friendly with a high price range.
Browns Cambridge, highly rated, service Chinese food. Their price range is more than £30 per person.
The Twenty Two is a nice place near The Rice Boat in the Riverside area, with a nice family atmosphere with prices between 20 and 25 £ and pleasant clentele
For moderately priced Japanese food, go to Blue Spice in City Centre
The Cambridge Blue is a Chinese food Pub for less than  £20. It is near Café Brazil
Cocum is a lowly rated coffee shop that serves Indian food. It is child friendly and moderately priced.
Strada is a pub serving Japanese food which has been rated one out of five by customers. It is located near Yippee Noodle Bar.
Fitzbillies is a highly respected coffee shop in the city centre that serves inexpensive Indian food. Great as it is, Fitzbillies does not offer cuisine the kids would be crazy about.
The English pub Wildwood is in the high price range but has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Rice Boat restaurant in the riverside area offers French food.
Strada receives a 3 out of 5 rating from customers.  It has high prices and is child friendly.  The Dumpling Tree is a kid friendly pub serving fast food near The Portland Arms.
The Cocum serves Italian food. Cocum is a child friendly coffee shop with a high customer rating costing more than £30.
The Golden Curry provides Indian food It is located in the city centre. It is near Café Rouge. Its customer rating is average.
The Plough is a pub near the Café Rouge that serves expensive Chinese food and is not family-friendly.
Bibimbap House, located near Clare Hall in the city centre, serves Italian food with a high price range.
The Mill is a coffee shop in riverside by The Sorrento. For less than £20 you can enjoy French cuisine.
The Twenty Two is located in the riverside.
The Olive Grove is a moderate price range Italian pub that is located in the city centre. It has a moderate price range is kid friendly.
Japanese food that is less than £20 is served at The Wrestlers which is family friendly and has an average customer rating.
The Phoenix provides Indian food in a moderate price range. It is located in riverside. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Mill is where you get dinner and drinks on a budget just outside the city center.
You'll find the Loch Fyne, rated 1 out of 5 by customers, serving fast food on the river side, near The Rice Boat.
The Twenty Two is a Japanese eatery located on riverside. It is not family-friendly.
The Cotto coffee shop is mid price ranged near to The Portland Arms in the city centre serving French food but has a bad customer rating.
Head to Alimentum in the city centre for expensive Chinese food, but stay away if you have children.
The Eagle near Burger King is a Japanese  coffee shop in riverside. It has a low rating and is more than £30. It is not child friendly.
Zizzi serves English food and is a pub that is not family-friendly. It is rated average.
The kid friendly, moderate pricing Italian restaurant Strada, is located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café and has a rating of 1 out of 5.
The Plough is a family friendly pub located near the Café Rouge.  They offer French food for a price of less than £20.
The Punter is a coffee shop providing breakfast. It is family friendly, high priced and has a 5 star rating. It is located near Café Sicilia.
The Olive Grove is a low cost family friendly restaurant.
Fitzbillies is a city centre based, children friendly coffee shop  within a high price range serving French food at a customer rating of 3 out of 5
Cocum, is a coffee shop that offers low-priced food and beverage products.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop with low prices and a 5 out of 5 rating. It serves fast food and is not family-friendly.
Near the Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area is a child friendly coffee shop called Browns Cambridge, which serves Japanese food and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5
Browns Cambridge is a highly rated middle priced restaurant serving American food.
Browns Cambridge is an English restaurant. It is moderately priced with a rating of 3 out of 5.
Wildwood is a low price pub with a rating of one star.
In the town centre near Clare Hall is Bibimbap House which is a low priced Italian restaurant
In riverside near The Sorrento there is a coffee shop named The Mill who is a little expensive and serves French food.
The Golden Curry is a restaurant providing Indian food in the moderate price range,and yes it is kids friendly, also located near The Bakers.
Fast food outlet The Eagle, has a high customer rating.
There is a sushi restaurant called The Golden Curry near The Bakers.
Fitzbillies is an averagely rated adults only coffee shop offering fast food at mid-range prices, located in Luton.
Japanese restaurant,The Punter, has a price range of less than £20.
Come check out the Wildwood pub serving fine cuisine.
The Olive Grove is a pub offering a childless atmosphere serving Japanese food in the city centre with high prices.
The Plough is found close to The Bakers.  It's an expensive restaurant and not recommended for kids.
Italian restaurant named The Dumpling Tree in the £30 price range.
When great Fast food is a must the kids will love Zizzi. It's a highly recommended pub.
Aromi is a coffee shop located in the city center. They serve Japanese food, are not family-friendly, and have a rating of 5 out of 5.
The Portland Arms The Dumpling Tree English family friendly pub
The Rice Boat is a child friendly Japanese restaurant near the Express by Holiday Inn in city center that has an excellent customer rating but is in the higher price range.
Browns Cambridge, near The Sorrento in the riverside area, offers a family-friendly Italian menu.
Browns Cambridge is over priced for what it is.
There is a  French coffee shop in riverside called Taste of Cambridge.  It is child friendly and located near the Crowne Plaza Hotel
Located in city centre near Express by Holiday Inn, is a French restaurant called The Rice Boat. It is kid friendly, has high customer ratings and has a price range of £20-25.
The Rice Boat is a family friendly Indian restaurant located in the city centre with 5 out of 5 rating .
With a £20-25 price range The Punter providing Fast food.
The Golden Curry is a low rating restaurant that is for the whole family and offers French foods
The Cricketers located near a Ranch is child friendly and has a Low customer rating
Zizzi is a city centre coffee shop offering meals in the £20 to £25 range. It is child friendly and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
There is a high price range coffee shop called The Vaults near Café Brazil in riverside area.
The Golden Curry fast food restaurant is in the City center near the Café Rouge.  It is not  family-friendly, and the customer rating is very poor.
There is a moderate priced restaurant called Midsummer House that serves Indian food. It is near All Bar One and has a rating of 3 out of 5.
a low rating Japanese coffee shop would be the family Friendly The Cricketers near The Portland Arms
Fitzbillies is kids-friendly Fast food city centre coffee shop thats moderate priced and a customer rating of 3 out of 5
The Golden Palace is located in City centre. They are an inexpensive coffee shop with a 3 star rating.
A child friendly restaurant, The Travellers Rest Beefeater, is in the high price range.
The Wrestlers, located on the river next to Raja Indian Cuisine, north of the City centre, is a low-priced, family friendly coffee shop offering burgers and fries as well.
Green Man is a family friendly, high priced, Fast food restaurant near All Bar One in the riverside area.
Located in city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel, Taste of Cambridge is a family-friendly coffee shop serving fast food.
There is a pub by the riverside called Clowns.  It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 and the price range is typically more than £30.
The Twenty Two  is a none family-friendly restaurant located in riverside near The Rice Boat.
The Rice Boat is a restaurant that serves moderately priced fast food and it is located near Express by Holiday Inn.
The Golden Palace is a 3-star coffee shop offering sushi for a low cost. North of the city, near the river.
There is a restaurant Loch Fyne located  in City Centre near The Rice Boat.
Riverside, near All Bar One, the Green Man is a low-priced, family friendly,  fast food restaurant.
You can get French food for less than £20 at The Golden Curry, it's near The Bakers and it's family friendly
There is a family friendly French coffee shop in riverside called The Wrestlers. They are located near Raja Indian Cuisine and the price range is £20-25.
Zizzi is a pub offering French food. It isn't family-friendly but is customer rated 5 out of 5.
Loch Fyne is a restaurant providing Indian food
The Twenty Two at Riverside serves Italian food and is family friendly
Browns Cambridge provides Indian food in the moderate price range. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The family friendly Browns Cambridge serves French food. It is located on the riverside near The Sorrento.
There is a coffee shop called The Wrestlers located near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre that provides coffee and tea.
The Punter is a coffee shop near Café Sicilia that serves French food, but it has a low customer rating, prices are more than 30, and they are not kid friendly
Green Man, located near All Bar One at the riverside, is a French venue, costing more than £30 and is not child friendly.
Cotto serves Indian food near Ranch and has an average customer rating and is family friendly.
Near All Bar One in the riverside area is this place called the Green Man. It serves expensive Chinese food and it isn't suitable for children.
French food is a 5 out of 5 at the riverside The Phoenix
The Phoenix Indian restaurant offers high-end dining  in the riverside area.
The Eagle located in the city centre is rated 3 out of 5 with a price range of 20-25
The Phoenix offers English food in the city centre and has low customer ratings.
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing Indian food in the more than £30 price range. It is located in the city centre. It is near Burger King. Its customer rating is high.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop serving Indian food in the high price range.  It's child friendly and in city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Golden Curry,  located in the riverside area, near Café Rouge, offers Indian food. It is family Friendly with a Rating 5 out of 5.
The Punter is a low-priced Italian coffee shop located near Café Sicilia. It is family-friendly and has a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
A classy Indian dinner for the whole family. Strada is located near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café and has received average ratings.
The kid friendly Blue Spice in the city centre has a customer rating of 3 out of 5. The price range is £20-25.
The Rice Boat is a high priced restaurant that is family friendly next to Express by Holiday Inn.
The Rice Boat is a fast food restaurant located in the city centre.
The Rice Boat is an average rated Italian restaurant.
Green Man, located in the riverside area, near All Bar One, is kid friendly, and offers Japanese cuisine for upwards of £30.
Clowns is a low priced family friendly restaurant near Café Sicilia.
Strada is a  sushi restaurant that is not family friendly. Rainbow Vegetarian Café is located near the Strada in the City center.
The Dumpling Tree is a restaurant providing high price Indian food.
Near All Bar One is a moderately priced Japanese restaurant, Green Man, which mostly caters to adults in the riverside area.
Blue Spice is a Indian that is more than £30 in the riverside area
Cocum is a service of Fast food with a price range of £20-25
Close to The Portland Arms is a coffee shop called Cotto by the riverside with a high customer rating has a price range of £20-25 and provides Italian.
The Mill, is a cheap coffee shop located near The Sorrento.
Fast food restaurant The Twenty Two is child friendly.
Loch Fyne is a Italian restaurant.  It is family friendly.
Blue Spice is a cheap Japanese restaurant at riverside.
Alimentum is a Japanese restaurant near Yippee Noodle Bar in the city centre. Food has been rated 5 out of 5 and is more than £30.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that serves Japanese food. It as an average customer rating with a price range of less than 20 euros. It is located in the center of the city and not kid friendly.
Zizzi is rated 3 out of 5 stars for its family friendly coffee shop. It's also moderately expensive.
The Rice Boat is a low-rated Chinese eatery in the city centre that doesn't serve children.
Wildwood is an expensive 5 star fast food restaurant with a coffee shop as well. It is above the Ranch.
The Phoenix Italian restaurant costs more than £30. It is located in the city centre, and has a high customer rating.
Alimentum serves Japanese food in high prices. It is located at the riverside and is not a children friendly establishment.
In the riverside is located a coffee shop named Fitzbillies that offers Fast Food with a moderate price and a customer rating 1 out of 5. There is no kids area.
The Golden Curry provides Chinese food in the high price range. It is near The Bakers.
There is a Chinese restaurant in the riverside area near The Rice Boat named Bibimbap House.
The Twenty Two is a child friendly fast food takeaway.
Rainbow Vegetarian Café has a place nearby with cheap prices and an average customer rating, which is called The Rice Boat.
The Phoenix has English food on the riverside with a high customer rating and a price range of 20-25.
Cocum is a no families coffee shop serving French food at competitive prices of less than £20. It has a low customer rating.
The Cricketers is a coffee shop selling Japanese Food in a family Friendly Environment near The Portland Arms with a low rating
The Olive Grove is a pub that provides Chinese food in the high price range in riverside. They are also children friendly.
The Wrestlers offers Chinese food at a cheap price. The venue has an average customer rating and a family friendly atmosphere.
The Punter is a Fast food place where you can spend less the £20.
By the riverside there is a restaurant, named The Twenty Two. It serves Indian Food and is not family friendly.
In the riverside area there is a pub called The Mill.  It serves Japanese food and the price range is 20-25 pounds.
Italian venue The Waterman can be found near Crowne Plaza Hotel.  Not family-friendly.
There is a moderately priced Italian restaurant in the riverside area called Blue Spice.
Blue Spice is a moderate price range kid friendly restaurant in the riverside area.  They have a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
If you're looking for a restaurant in the riverside area then you could try The Golden Palace. However it only has a 1 out of 5 customer rating.
Located on the riverside near Clare Hall is Bibimbap House, a moderately priced Italian.
Giraffe, and Italian pub in the riverside area, is child-friendly.
Clowns is a pub with a moderate price range, a customer rating of 1 out of 5, and is located at riverside.
Cocum is a highly acclaimed child friendly coffee shop offering English style food and beverage items priced at the £30 and upper range.
Located north of the city centre near All Bar One, the Green Man is a moderately priced family restaurant.
The Mill is a French pub on the riverside that has a price range of more than £30.
The Cricketers is a kids friendly pub near Ranch that has mid range customer rating.
Aromi is a French Café located in city centre with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Green Man is a kid friendly restaurant in the moderate price range which is located in the riverside area.
The Vaults serves Indian food for more than £30 and is child friendly.
The Punter is a low-priced coffee shop serving Japanese food. It has a high customer rating, is family friendly and is located near Café Sicilia.
The Eagle is a family safe, high priced, 5 star coffee shop, located next to Burger King.
The Phoenix is an affordable American restaurant not near the city centre.
The Wildwood pub has a high rating. It is also in the high price range.
Aromi is a top rated pub in Riverside that is also child friendly.
There is a child friendly Japanese place for food named Cotto, with a low customer rating near Ranch.
If you are looking for a sushi or oriental restaurant in Cambridge, then try The Wrestlers, just north of The Bakers. It's not recommended for families, though.
A family-friendly Italian coffee shop is The Wrestlers. It has prices less than £20 and is located near Raja Indian Cuisine, in city centre.
The Eagle is coffee Shop with good Italian food and price is less then 20 euros. Located in City Centre near by Burger King.
For a kids-friendly Japanese restaurant, try Loch Fyne.
The Phoenix is a low-priced fast food restaurant located in the city centre.
The Phoenix has a high customer rating and a price range of more than £30. It serves Italian food and can be found in the riverside area.
The Rice Boat is a 3 star family place in the City Centre.
The Dumpling Tree is a kids friendly pub serving Japanese food. It is located near The Portland Arms.
Near Café Rouge is a pub called The Plough.  it is mid-priced and not family friendly.
Wildwood is a pub that provides 5 star mid-range food.
Cotto serves French food near Café Rouge.
The Wrestlers serves high price Italian food and has a average customer rating and is for adults.
An Indian restaurant in the riverside area Green Man serves high price ranged food in a non child friendly environment near All Bar One
Cotto is a highly rated sushi restaurant close to Ranch.
Near the river, The Phoenix is highly rated.
Cotto is both a coffee and sushi shop. It is an expensive establishment with a fair, 3 star rating. The restaurant is near The Portland Arms.
Strada is a family friendly restaurant with reasonable prices, located near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café with fast food.
Aromi has a low customer rating and is for adults. It is a coffee shop in the city centre that serves French food.
This child friendly pub called The Dumpling Tree, serves Chinese food is located near The Portland Arms.
In the riverside area and near Café Rouge is a French restaurant called The Golden Curry. It is not family-friendly and boasts a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
At the riverside is a pub called Green Man. It is near Café Rouge and serves English food.
Cotto, a fast food place near the Ranch, is rated at a 4.5 and is children friendly.
Cotto provides Indian food. It is near Café Rouge.
If you are looking for a Japanese style place to eat, try The Wrestlers. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5, but it is not children friendly and its prince range is high.
In the riverside area, there is a pub that serves Japanese food called the Giraffe.  It is not a family-friendly location.
Cotto is located near All Bar One in city centre and has moderate prices.
Aromi is an Italian coffee shop in the riverside area. It is family friendly with an average customer rating.
Midsummer House has English food at a moderate price range. It is near All Bar One. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Vaults is a child friendly fast food place with a range between 20 and 25 euros.
Wildwood is a coffee shop and dine in restaurant that is fairly expensive near Ranch and it has decent reviews.
Bibimbap House is on the riverside, near Clare Hall. It provides mid priced fast food.
The Waterman is an English pub located in the city centre. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Cotto is a highly-rated place to eat fast food. It's a family-friendly venue, and is near to Ranch.
Located in the city centre, Alimentum is a child friendly establishment serving mid-priced Japanese cuisine.
The Golden Palace coffee shop sells a range of cheeses, fresh fruit, fondues, wine and spirits, among its delicacies. In the mid-price range it has earned a three-star rating. They are close to the river.
There is a moderately priced coffee shop called Blue Spice in the city centre near Avalon. It is kid friendly and it has high customer ratings.
There is an Indian coffee shop called Aromi in Riverside. It is kid-friendly and highly rated.
Next to All Bar One is Midsummer House. Rated five stars, Midsummer House serves high priced meals.
The Wrestlers is a low-priced coffee shop, located near the river. Raja Indian Cuisine is nearby.
Families with children are welcome at The Green Man, located near All Bar One on the riverside.  Prices are high, but their English food is excellent.
For average yet cheap French food, check out The Phoenix in centre city.
Cotto, near Ranch serves Indian food and has high customer rating. It is also children friendly
With a customer rating of 3 out of 5, the Wildwood is  Japanese type coffee shop which can be found near Ranch. It is classed to have a high price range.
Strada restaurant has a 5 out of 5 customer rating in the more than £ 30 price range. It is kid friendly
The Rice Boat restaurant down by the riverside  the is near the Express by Holiday Inn.  It offers cheap Italian food and has an average customer rating but is not family-friendly
Near All Bar One you can find an expensive, low grade, French restaurant named Midsummer House.
The Phoenix is a decent Japanese restaurant near the riverside.
The Punter coffee shop is a greatly rated and low cost restaurant located near Café Sicilia
The Punter is a Chinese restaurant that averages 20-25 pounds.
The Mill coffee shop serves moderately priced Indian food.  Located near The Sorrento in the riverside area.
The Waterman serves Japanese food to adults only located in the city centre.
The coffee shop is a Fast food restaurant with high ratings. The Punter is across the street from Café Sicilia. It has a great wide variety menu with prices ranging from £20-25. Yes, the kids will enjoy it the lovely scenery.
Looking for a place that offers Chines food in the under £20 price range in the city centre with a low customer rating but is not family friendly, then look at The Waterman.
There is a cheap restaurant that is family friendly Travellers Rest Beefeater.
The Golden Curry is a cheap fast food family restaurant located near Café Rouge.
The Plough is a child friendly, Japanese pub near Café Rouge which is higher priced.
The Golden Curry, located near The Bakers, is family friendly and serves French food in the less than £20 range.
Blue Spice is a coffee shop in Riverside near Avalon. It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and is not kids friendly. The price range is £20 to £25.
The Rice Boat, in the city centre, serves Italian food for an average price. It is near Express by Holiday Inn and is child friendly. It has been highly rated by customers.
Browns Cambridge is a medium priced restaurant that may serve British food.
The Phoenix restaurant has a 3 star rating.
The Eagle is a Japanese coffee shop. It is not family-friendly. It is in the riverside area near Burger King. The customer rating is low. The price range is less than £20.
Fitzbillies is a cheap, family-friendly Japanese cuisine coffee shop located in the city centre with a 5 out of 5 rating.
The Taste of Cambridge, a moderately priced restaurant, is a great place to eat if you are looking for a regular meal.
The Golden Palace coffee shop offers fast food with a cheap price range. Located in the city centre area with a customer  rating of 5 out of 5.
The Rice Boat has English food in the city centre and is adult only with low customer rating
The Rice Boat is a fast food restaurant located in riverside neat Express by Holiday Inn. It is not kid friendly but has a price range of £20-25.
The Waterman, has great eats and cool treats at low prices and is located near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
The Wrestlers is an adult-oriented restaurant serving high priced Chinese cuisine with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Eagle is an Italian coffee shop located in the city centre, near Burger King. this coffee shop is not a child friendly zone and it has a high price range.
Downtown, there is a French restaurant named Bibimbap House located near Clare Hall where meals average more than f30.
Giraffe, located near The Bakers, is high priced and kid friendly.
Blue Spice is a cheap range establishment on the riverside.
The Waterman is a restaurant providing Italian food. Is is located in the city centre.
The cheap restaurant in the riverside area with the perfect customer service rating is called The Eagle
The Twenty Two is a child-friendly restaurant specializing in English food.
The Waterman, rated 5 out of 5 by patrons,  is a low-priced, family-friendly Japanese restaurant located in the city centre.
The Twenty Two serves Indian food and is kid friendly.
The Bibimbap House near The Rice Boat in riverside has English food.
Fitzbillies is a French coffee shop in the city centre that is children friendly. The price range is more than £30 but it has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Loch Fyne - an English restaurant - is highly priced, and not child friendly.
There is a child friendly, highly priced, Italian venue called Green Man located near All Bar One at the riverside
The Rice Boat is located in the city centre and serves Indian food.
The Golden Curry Italian food is restaurant with an average customer rating.
The Vaults coffee shop price range is high with a low customer rating. It is located near Café Brazil.
Cotto is in riverside near All Bar One and has high prices.
Loch Fyne is Italian restaurant. It is located by The Rice Boat in Riverside. Their rating is low
The Sorrento is a kid friendly Japanese restaurant near the riverside area of Browns Cambridge
Near The Portland Arms is a family friendly pub, serving English food, known as The Dumpling Tree.
The Punter offers moderately priced Italian fare.
The Eagle is French restaurant with no coffee Shop on side Burger King in the city centre with low rank and price less than £20
Near City Centre there is a no family-friendly, Japanese food with low customer rating that's called The Rice Boat.
The Waterman, near the Crowne Plaza Hotel has kid friendly Japanese food.
Cotto is a Japanese restaurant near Ranch that is children friendly with a low customer rating.
Near Café Sicilia is a pub named The Twenty Two. This pub has a low customer rating.
If you are seeking a moderate priced , child friendly venue then check out The Waterman.
The Mill in Riverside is a pub which serves Fast-food  and the price range is cheap.
Aromi is a kid friendly pub in the riverside area with a low customer rating.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop in the riverside area where you can get fast food for under L20 but, it has a low customer rating.
Zizzi, a children-friendly French pub, has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Loch Fyne is a children friendly fast food restaurant that is more than £30.
The Phoenix is a highly rated restaurant that serves Chinese food in the riverside area.
The Rice Boat serves Chinese food in the higher price range. It is located close to Express by Holiday Inn in riverside. It has a high customer rating.
Zizzi, with a customer rating of 3 out of 5, is a non-friendly coffee ship £20-25 by riverside.
Visit Aromi, A Beautiful riverside coffee shop,  perfect if your looking for great French food,  kid Friendly environment,  high customer rating and lovely view.
The Golden Palace is the place to eat when on a budget; with their items being priced at less than £20.
Strada is a pub that serves English food. It is near Yippee Noodle Bar an has a high customer rating.
The Dumpling Tree is a medium-priced coffee shop near Café Sicilia.
The Olive Grove is a pub that provides Japanese food located in riverside. It is in the moderate price range and is not kids friendly.
A child friendly Chinese restaurant called The Golden Curry has an average customer rating.
With a price range above £30, The Eagle is a venue with a high customer rating located in riverside.
The Waterman is a non-family-friendly place with a price range of less than £20.
A coffee shop called The Punter has Italian food and is located near Café Sicilia. It is not children friendly and has a high price range with ratings of 1 out of 5.
In riverside, The Rice Boat serves English food.
The Waterman is a child friendly establishment serving French food in a child friendly atmosphere near the Crown Plaza Hotel.
Near Café Rouge is a highly rated Italian restaurant called Midsummer House.
The Giraffe is a coffee shop with a 1 out of 5 rating. It is located near The Bakers, high priced and child friendly.
The restaurant Wildwood is kid friendly.
Alimentum is French restaurant in the high price range. It is located in riverside near Yippee Noodle Bar.
Reasonably priced Fast food can be found in the riverside area at Alimentum near Yippee Noodle Bar. If has a 3 star customer rating.
A family friendly, five star, low priced restaurant that serves pasta is Strada. It is located close to Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
The Rice Boat serves French food by the riverside. It is averagely rated and family friendly.
Browns Cambridge has food and drink at a low cost.
Located near Raja Indian Cuisine, lies a French coffee shop called The Wrestlers, known for being a cheap  family friendly pub in riverside
For less than £20 you can pick up some food from a coffee shop called The Punter near Café Sicilia, it is not child friendly and has a low customer rating.
There is a pub called Green Man near Café Rouge on the Riverside. It serves fast food.
High priced and with high customer ratings, The Eagle is located at the city centre.
There is a cheap restaurant on the riverside named Zizzi.
Alimentum is moderate price Fast food  Located in city center near Yippee Noodle Bar with a high customer rating
Browns Cambridge coffee shop offers Indian food with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 at riverside, is family friendly and is near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Cotto is  a highly rated children friendly Italian restaurant located in Ranch.
Clowns near Clare Hall in riverside is a coffee Shop that serves French food and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Waterman is a pub providing Chinese food It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Vaults serves fast food at a high price but it is child friendly.
The Golden Curry serves French food, it is children friendly and customers gave it 3 out of 5 rating.
The Rice Boat is a family-friendly fast food restaurant that is moderately priced.  It is located near Express by Holiday Inn in the city centre and gets poor ratings.
The Waterman, located in the city centre, is a French restaurant offering highly rated meals in the £20 to £25 range. The restaurant is not child friendly.
Enjoy a quiet Indian lunch at The Rice Boat in city centre.  Expect average service.
Cocum has a high customer rating. It is a child friendly pub with a price range of more than £30.
The Cambridge Blue is near the pub Café Brazil that sells moderate priced fast food.
Bibimbap House serves high priced French food by the riverside near Clare Hall.
The highly rated French coffee shop, The Golden Palace, offers average prices and is located in the city centre.
Cocum is a coffee shop serving Indian food in the moderate price range. It is kid-friendly and has a low customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Vaults is typical average place to grab a quick cheap coffee. Come check it out in the Riverside area near the popular Café Brazil.
Strada located near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café serves Japanese food to adults only.
The Waterman is not children friendly and has a high price range, but it is an Indian food place with a high customer rating, located in the city centre.
Wildwood pub offers fast food. It has average prices and low consumer ratings
The city centre contains The Phoenix. An average Japanese restaurant.
The Cricketers is a family friendly Italian coffee shop near The Portland Arms with a low customer rating.
The Rice Boat provides Chinese food It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is average.
The Golden Palace is an upscale shop offering food and beverage options sure to please discriminating palates.   The Golden Palace is located a short distance from St. John's College near the river.
The Zizzi is a non-children friendly coffee shop located in the city centre with a price range of £20-25 and has a high customer rating.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly sushi restaurant that has poor reviews and is located next to The Bakers.
Green Man is a French restaurant located in the city centre, near All Bar One. It is not child friendly and costs more than 30 pounds.
With a customer rating 1 out of 5 and non kids friendly food service, Strada serves fast food near Rainbow Vegetarian Café at moderate price range.
The Waterman provides Chinese food in the £20-25 price range. It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is high.
Aromi is an average Japanese coffee shop near the city center and yes, we welcome children.
Taste of Cambridge  is a high priced restaurant that has a customer rating of 1 of of 5.
The Olive Grove is a family friendly Fast food pub in the riverside area that sells food for less than £20
Located in the riverside area, The Eagle is a moderately priced and rated 1 out of 5 by customers.
The Waterman is a French restaurant that offers family friendly service at an inexpensive rate. It has an overall rating of 5 out of 5.
If you are in the mood for French food in the more than £30 price range, try The Wrestlers.  It is a children Friendly coffee shop located in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine .
The Eagle coffee shop is family Friendly near Burger King in the Riverside area that serves French food it is average priced and a low customer rating.
The Eagle is a coffee shop located  near Burger King in the city that provides Indian food.
The Twenty Two, located near Café Sicilia at the city's centre, was given an average rating by customers of this pub.
Not many pubs get a 5 out of 5 rating by customers. However, Strada which serves Fast food has done very well and gained 5 out of 5 stars. If you want to find Strada it is near the Yippee Noodle Bar
Located near Yippee Noodle Bar, Alimentum, an Indian food establishment is located in the city center.
The Express by Holiday Inn named the Rice Boat in the city centre is not family-friendly, high in price and has a 1 out of 5 rating but does sell English food.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop that also offers Indian food, located in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel. But it is not family friendly and customers don't rate it highly.
Blue Spice is near the riverside.  The customer rating is high.  It is not kid friendly.  Prices range from £20-£25.
Indian food can be found in the riverside area at the non-family friendly restaurant called The Rice Boat. It has an average customer rating.
The Green Man is a Fast food type restaurant, which is not kid friendly.  It also has a moderate price range and is near All Bar One located in city centre.
At Browns Cambridge you will get a price range of more than £30 with 5 out of 5 customer rating
Near Café Brazil is The Cambridge Blue pub, serving  fast food for £20-25.
The Golden Curry is a kids Friendly Fast food restaurant with a high customer Rating, near the Café Rouge in the riverside area.
The Cambridge Blue pub has high priced English food. It is near Café Brazil.
The Mill is an English pub in the City Centre with prices in the moderate range.
Bibimbap House is a Fast food place at the riverside near The Rice Boat
The Dumpling Tree is a kid friendly French pub near The Portland Arms.
The restaurant Strada has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 that is expensive and is not children friendly.  It is near Rainbow Vegetarian Café that serves French food.
Blue Spice is a moderate priced coffee shop in the area of riverside. It is kids friendly, has a  low customer rating and is located near the Avalon.
The Punter received an outstanding customer rater, the French coffee shop. Located near Café Sicilia which is cheap for all the family
Fitzbillies is a kid friendly place to visit near the Express by Holiday Inn with a moderate price range and a 1 out of 5 customer rating.
There is a high priced pub called The Mill in riverside. It is fast food.
Near Crowne Plaza Hotel is a family-friendly French restaurant called The Waterman.
Giraffe is a pub which offers Indian food. It is children friendly and is located in riverside
Check out The Mill on the Riverside for fast food under £20
The Mill is an expensive coffee shop where you can eat Italian food. It is located at the riverside area, near The Sorrento.
The Golden Curry provides Chinese food It is located in the riverside. It is near Café Rouge. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
Bibimbap House serves English food at a high price range. It is near Clare Hall in the city centre.
The Punter is a coffee shop that serves Indian food. The rating is 5 out of 5, cheap, family friendly, near Café Sicilia.
Fitzbillies is close to the Express by Holiday Inn.  It's pretty well liked, family friendly and normally runs less than 20 pounds.
A cheap French restaurant is The Dumpling Tree.
Japanese food can be found at the Wildwood pub and purchased for £30 or more. This venue is rated 5 of out 5.
The Olive Grove is a high end pub style restaurant in the city centre area. This location is not child friendly.
There is a moderately priced venue called The Waterman located in riverside. It is kid friendly, has a customer rating of 1 out of 5, and provides Indian food.
The Cambridge Blue is a restaurant that serves Italian food and is rated 3 out of 5.
The Eagle is a one-star restaurant serving cheese, wine, and soup, among other dishes.
Aromi in riverside is a child friendly fast food shop with an adjourning coffee shop. Average rating.
Browns Cambridge is a moderately priced 5 star French restaurant.
French restaurant, The Punter, offers food for less than 20.
The Strada pub is near the Yippee Noodle Bar. It has an average customer rating and sells French food.
Alimentum is a Chinese restaurant with moderate pricing and a customer rating of 1 out of 5.  It is located near Yippee Noodle Bar in the city centre.
Midsummer House is a low priced restaurant located near All Bar One.
A 3 out of 5 rated kid friendly Fast food pub is called Zizzi
There is a cheap restaurant Strada located near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café that provides fast food.
The Wrestlers is a British style restaurant serving middle price range food. It is a family oriented three star restaurant.
In the riverside, near Burger King, there is The Eagle, a cheap highly rated non-kids friendly coffee shop.
There is a cheap restaurant Midsummer House located in the All Bar One.
Located in the city centre near the Express by Holiday Inn, The Rice Boat is an adult restaurant with average prices and high customer satisfaction.
High customer rating Fast food named Loch Fyne in riverside, located near The Rice Boat.
There is a fast food restaurant called The Eagle which has moderate reviews.
Alimentum provides Indian food and the price is cheap. It has an average customer rating and is located near the riverside near Yippee Noodle Bar.
Giraffe. What is it you ask, well we are  restaurant located near The Six Bells with meals less then £20.
There is a moderately priced Indian restaurant Alimentum, rated 3 out of 5 by customers, near Yippee Noodle Bar in Riverside.
The Eagle is a coffee shop serving high priced French food that is located near Burger King on the riverside. It is child friendly and has customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Eagle is a moderately priced coffee shop that serves Japanese food. Kids are not allowed. Rated 1 out of 5 and located in the riverside are near Burger King.
The Vaults  serves English food is kids friendly the price range of £20-25
Located near The Bakers, Giraffe is a coffee shop with a price range less than £20. It has a low customer rating and is not family-friendly.
Located in the city centre, The Phoenix serves moderately priced fast food even though it has a low customer rating.
The Rice Boat has 3 out of 5 customer rating and it offers prices between £20-25. It is located near to the Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
Clowns is a children friendly place near Café Sicilia that is expensive.
The Cotto is a coffee shop which provides Indian food. Its price range is cheap and it has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is in the riverside area near The Portland Arms.
In the riverside area there is a low customer rated restaurant called The Golden Palace.
The Golden Palace is a riverside coffee shop that serves Italian food and has a high price range. The Golden Palace has a 1 out of 5 customer rating.
Near Café Rouge, there is an average-rate Chinese restaurant named Midsummer House.
Serving French food, The Rice Boat is adult only in the riverside area that has low ratings.
Cotto is a kids friendly Chinese restaurant with a rating of 1out of 5. It is near the Ranch.
There is a kid-friendly pub called Cocum in the medium price range with a customer rating of three out of five.
Located near Café Sicilia is The Dumpling Tree. It is a riverside coffee shop and its price range is £20-25. It's kids friendly.
Alimentum, a restaurant in city centre near Yippee Noodle Bar, serves decent food for less than £20.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop located near Raja Indian Cuisine near riverside. It serves Indian food with high-priced menu.
The Wrestlers is a moderate price range Chinese restaurant with low customer rating and not child friendly.
Located riverside, is a kid friendly place called The Rice Boat. It serves French and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
By the river side is the adult  sushi restaurant The Twenty Two
In the city centre there is the children friendly fast food restaurant called Alimentum. It is in the high price bracket.
There is an Italian restaurant with a cheap price range called The Dumpling Tree
The Strada restaurant provides high rated Indian food in the average price range. The venue offers a kid friendly atmosphere and is located near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
The coffee shop, Cocum, is a family friendly spot for everyone to enjoy delicious coffees and non Caféinated beverages
For a family friendly fun go to the affordable Green Man on the riverside.
The Phoenix is an affordable 5-star Italian restaurant outside the city centre.
Green Man is a pub in the riverside area near Café Rouge offering Italian cuisine.
Aromi is a family-friendly coffee shop in the riverside area. It serves fast food. Customers gave Aromi an average rating.
Alimentum is a family friendly restaurant in the riverside area that sells Italian food. The price range for this restaurant is average.
Strada is a non-children friendly French Rainbow Vegetarian Café. They are in the high-price range and have a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Alimentum is a 5-star Japanese restaurant located near Yippee Noodle Bar on the river to the north of the City centre serving moderately-priced fare.
On the river near the Yippee Noodle Bar, there is a low-priced, three star restaurant named Alimentum.
There is a  moderate priced average restaurant The Waterman that offers English food in the city centre. It is not child friendly.
The Golden Palace is a fairly cheap coffee shop that serves Italian food down at the city centre, and it have a pretty average rating
There is a venue called Fitzbillies in Cambridge, it is in the riverside area. It is a coffee shop also offering fast food, it is in the higher price range but is not child friendly. Customers have rated it as average.
Taste of Cambridge is a coffee shop serving Japanese food. It is located near Crown Plaza Hotel in the riverside area, and is child friendly
Midsummer House is  providing English food near Café Rouge with average customer rating.
The Eagle coffee shop located at Burger King, offers the best sushi and stake at affordable prices.
Green Man is not kids friendly and is located in the city centre area. It has a price range of less then£20.
Taste of Cambridge serves Fast food and is kids-friendly. It is a coffee shop in the area of riverside and is near Crowne Plaza Hotel
family friendly Japanese  pub  called The Dumpling Tree is near The Portland Arms.
The Twenty Two serves Chinese food, is riverside, and family friendly.
down the road from Café Adriatic is a 3-star cheap restaurant named Travellers Rest Beefeater
Within the price range of £20-25, Browns Cambridge is a great place to enjoy some wonderful Indian food. This restaurant is given a high rating by customers.
The Twenty Two is in the high price range has a rating of 1 out of 5, is child friendly, in the riverside area  near The Rice Boat
The Green Man, serving Italian food, is located near All Bar One. They have a moderate price range and are in the riverside area. They are also kid friendly.
Family friendly pub on the riverside, The Giraffe serves Indian cuisine.
A child friendly restaurant is located in the riverside area. It's name is The Olive Grove.
The Rice Boat is a Fast-food with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.  It is children friendly and is at riverside.
The Punter is a coffee shop near Café Sicilia. It is cheap, poorly rated, and not family friendly.
Travellers Rest Beefeater offers the usual menu for those willing to spend a bit more. located close to Café Adriatic on riverside.
Clowns is a pub that is in the riverside area. It has an customer rating of average and the price range is high.
The Golden Palace is a cheap Asian inspired place located in the city centre.
There is a child friendly Indian food restaurant in the riverside area called The Twenty Two.
There is a family-friendly coffee shop in the city center called Aromi.  It serves fast food and has a 5 out of 5 rating.
The Cambridge Blue is a Chinese restaurant with an average customer rating.
Loch Fyne is a poorly rated and offers Japanese food. It is located in the city centre near The Rice Boat.
The Punter coffee shop is not children friendly with a high customer rating. It offers Italian food with a price range of more than £30. It is located near Café Sicilia.
Located near Ranch. Cotto is a family friendly, French establishment with a 5 out of 5 rating.
For non-kid friendly fun, enjoy Italian cuisine at reasonable prices at The Vaults.
Clowns, a coffee shop near Clare Hall in the city centre area sells Indian food for cheap has an average customer rating
Alimentum, a Fast food restaurant, is not family-friendly and offers food less than 20 in the riverside area.
The Waterman is a cheap and low quality Italian foods place. It is highly recommended for families. It is located by the riverside.
Near Yippee Noodle Bar is the highly rated Strada pub serving English fare.
Fitzbillies provides Chinese food in the cheap price range. It is near The Six Bells.
There is an Italian restaurant called Green Man located near All Bar One in city centre.  The price range is less than £20 and is family-friendly.
Next to The Portland Arms, The Cricketers coffee shop is family friendly with poor food and service
Taste of Cambridge has low customer ratings and is a low-priced restaurant.
If you are looking for kid friendly Italian food, The Wrestlers is a great choice with an average of 3 out of 5 customer rating.
The Wrestlers is an Indian food restaurant for the whole family. The prices are moderate with a rating of 3 out of 5.
Alimentum located next to river 5 star, reasonably dear family restaurant,
Loch Fyne is an Indian restaurant, which is children friendly and serves Indian food. The price range is generally more than £30.
The Wrestlers is an average rated, family oriented, and affordable place to dine on Japanese cuisine.
Located in city centre, near The Rice Boat is The Twenty Two. It is children friendly.
Blue Spice, located in the city centre, is a high rated, high priced restaurant that is kid friendly.
The Rice Boat is a restaurant that serves Indian food, and is no children Friendly, located in riverside near Express by Holiday Inn.  With high price Range and 1 out of 5 customer Rating.
Located outside of the City centre is a high cost three star wine and cheese shop called The Phoenix.
Located in city centre, Blue Spice is a fast food restaurant with a price range of more than 30.
In the riverside area, The Mill is a Chinese pub with a high price range.
Clowns are kid friendly and moderately priced near Café Sicilia.
The Golden Palace is a one-star coffee shop at high prices by the river.
For a kid friendly Italian restaurant on the riverside, try The Rice Boat near the Express by Holiday Inn. The customer rating is 1 out of 5 and the price range is moderate.
Near Café Rouge is the Midsummer House. They serve Italian food with a 1 out of 5 customer rating.
The pub, Wildwood  has a low customer rating range of less than 20 and provides English food.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is a restaurant in the moderate price range that is not kids-friendly.
A highly rated restaurant, Midsummer House, located near All Bar One, serves English food in the more than £30 price range.
The Phoenix is a Japanese eatery along the riverside, rated with a 5 out of 5 with a higher price range.
Cocum is a family friendly restaurant with amazing food.
There is a high price range coffee shop Fitzbillies located in the riverside area poor customer rating for adult only
Let's go to, The Waterman, it's a Japanese restaurant and although it isn't a kid friendly place, it's right in the center of the city, it's highly rated by customers, and they have an average price range of £20-25.
There is an expensive Italian restaurant named Blue Spice in the riverside area.
Visit The Punter near Café Sicilia for a coffee shop which is family friendly, has a 5 out of 5 rating, serves Japanese food and is under £30 you should
The Rice Boat provides Chinese food in the £20-25 price range. It is located in the riverside. It is near Express by Holiday Inn. Its customer rating is high.
The Vaults is a kid friendly restaurant that serves French food at a moderate price.
Wildwood pub has an average customer rating for their expensive Chinese food.
The Rice Boat serves Japanese food and is highly rated by its customers with an average price range of £20-25. It is located in the city centre near Express by Holiday Inn and is an adult establishment
The Vaults is a coffee shop near Café Brazil. It is in riverside area. Customers rate is 1 out of 5 and price range is high.
The restaurant Wildwood is a a moderate priced English style pub that has a customer rating of 3 out of 5
The Punter is a high priced and high rated coffee shop. Located near Café Sicilia, it's kid friendly and considered to be fast food.
Located near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café, in a riverside setting, The Golden Palace offers cheap pub style food.
Located near the riverside, The Waterman is a French restaurant that has a price range of £20-£25 and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5. This isn't a kid friendly restaurant.
The Eagle is a fast food coffee shop located along the riverside near Burger King. It is kid friendly with moderate prices and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Wildwood is a French coffee shop located near Ranch, it has a price range of more than £30 and a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Aromi is a kids friendly pub located in the riverside with excellent customer ratings.
The Golden Curry provides Chinese food Its customer rating is high.
The Dumpling Tree is a children friendly pub serving fine Japanese cuisine near The Portland Arms.
The Italian coffee shop 'Cocum' is an adult-friendly, expensive and poorly reviewed place.
The Punter is a coffee shop near Café Sicilia.  It has a low customer service rating, and it is not family-friendly.  It offers Japanese food for less than  £20.
Midsummer House, near All Bar One, is a cheap French restaurant.
The Phoenix, located near the river, is a lower priced restaurant with a one star rating.
The Phoenix is a restaurant providing Chinese food in the moderate price range .
A good family friendly restaurant is Browns Cambridge, it is in the riverside area near The Sorrento, and offers Japanese food.
The restaurant Wildwood is kid friendly.
Fitzbillies is kid friendly, located near the Express by Holiday Inn. The price range is moderate but the customer rating is only 1 out of 5.
Alimentum, near Yippee Noodle Bar in city centre,  is a fast food store.
In the City Centre there is a Italian restaurant called Aromi with a 5 out of 5 rating that is family-friendly. It is laid out like a coffee shop.
There is a place near Clare Hall by the river which serves moderately priced Indian food.  Its name is Bibimbap House.
For highly rated Italian food between £20-25, in a kid friendly establishment, come eat at The Wrestlers.
Browns Cambridge is a English food restaurant. It is a high priced location with an average rating by its customers.
Near Ranch with an average customer rating  Cotto is family friendly serving Indian food.
The coffee shop named Blue Spice in riverside is near Avalon and has a price range of more than £30 and a customer rating of high.
There is a somewhat expensive French coffee shop near Café Sicilia that is child friendly, but has a low customer rating. It is called The Punter.
Located outside Cambridge City Centre there is Alimentum. This is a low price, 1 star Yippee Noodle Bar.
Blue Spice, is a kid friendly coffee shop located in city centre near Avalon. It has a moderate price range and customer ratings of 1 out of 5.
Family friendly and cheap Fitzbillies near Express by Holiday Inn has an average customer rating.
1 out of 5 stars for the moderately priced Italian restaurant, Alimentum, located in the city centre by Yippee Noodle Bar
Fitzbillies is fast food offered at a 30 pound price range near The Six Bells.
A high price range placed, rated 1 out of 5, is Travellers Rest Beefeater is located in Riverside near Café Adriatic.
The Vaults is a coffee shop near Café Brazil, in the riverside area, with an average customer rating and high price range.
Moderately priced English food in a non-kid friendly environment can be found at The Vaults.
The Cocum is a coffee shop selling Japanese food. The price range is high but it has a rating of 3 out of 5. It is children friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a 1-star rated Japanese coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel, in City centre, and is not family friendly.
The Punter is a coffee shop, sells Indian food, price range more than 30, high customer service, child friendly, located near Café Sicilia
There is a pub Wildwood of 3 stars where there are tasty meat at low prices.
Browns Cambridge, located near the Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre, is a family-friendly coffee shop that is fast with average ratings.
The Cricketers  has a customer satisfaction rating of 5 out of 5. It is a family friendly pub near Ranch.
The Mill is a coffee shop that serves Indian food for a cheap price. They are located in he riverside area near The Sorrento.
Strada is a child friendly Fast food restaurant near Rainbow Vegetarian Café. It is in the higher price range with average customer ratings.
Cocum is a coffee shop that offers food and drink with a nice family atmosphere.
The Vaults offers English food and price ranges less than £20. It is not family-friendly.
The Rice Boat sells Fast food. It is rated 5 out of 5 and it is family-friendly. It is near Express by Holiday Inn in the city center and it is very cheap.
The Giraffe family friendly pub serving Indian food on the riverside.
Alimentum offers a child friendly, upscale Italian dining experience in the riverside area.
A coffee shop with a low customer rating is Fitzbillies in riverside They serve French food, and are not child friendly.
The Rice Boat in Riverside offers French food.
The Vaults coffee shop can be found close to Café Brazil in the city centre.  It is cheaply priced and has an average customer rating.
The Phoenix is Japanese restaurant in the city centre with low rank
There is a coffee shop in the riverside area near Burger King called The Eagle. It serves high rating Indian food at a high price range.
Near Café Sicilia in the riverside area, is a pub called The Twenty Two, and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Mill is a pub for eat Italian food.
Strada  restaurant is located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café this highly rated restaurant provides a kid friendly atmosphere with low priced food.
The Rice Boat serves Indian food at high prices. It earned an average customer rating, and is not children friendly. It is located riverside near Express by Holiday Inn.
Zizzi is a pub which offers Italian cuisine. It is family friendly and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Rice Boat is a child friendly restaurant that serves French food by the riverside.
The Eagle, food as fast as a bird
The Twenty Two is a family-friendly restaurant serving English food.
Taste of Cambridge is a coffee shop in the low price range. It is located close to the Crowne Plaza Hotel and has a superb view across the river.
Near Burger King in Riverside there is an Indian coffee shop called The Eagle. It is not kid friendly, has a price range of 20-25 and has a high customer rating.
The Eagle is a coffee shop that serves high priced fast food. Near Burger King in City Centre, the place is children friendly and the customers rate it average.
There is an expensive, three star, coffee shop located near the river called Fitzbillies.
That fast food restaurant down by Crown Plaza Hotel, The Waterman, is kid-friendly.
The Golden Curry is family friendly, less than £20, and near The Bakers.
The Phoenix is an Indian restaurant located near riverside is rated 3 out of 5 stars.
If you're in the city centre and would like some Indian food, I would suggest The Phoenix to you. The customer ratings are average.
Check out Zizzi if you're looking for an Italian pub that is not family-friendly. Rated 5 out of 5.
For Fast food, Strada is rated average by customers. This pub is located near Yippee Noodle Bar.
Receiving a high customer rating is a restaurant called The Golden Palace in the Riverside area.
The Eagle offers Japanese food and coffee shop with cheap price near Burger King in riverside.
The Rice Boat offers moderate priced Japanese food in the city center near Express by Holiday Inn. This is not a family establishment with a rating of 1 out of 5.
The Golden Curry is a French restaurant with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and is family friendly.
Strada is a Chinese food restaurant with high customer Rating and price Range more than  £30, near Rainbow Vegetarian Café, and is Children Friendly.
Located near Yippee Noodle Bar, Alimentum is an inexpensive, one star British restaurant.
The Waterman, a Japanese restaurant rated 5 out of 5 by customers, offers food at a cheap price in riverside, but is not family-friendly.
Bibimbap House is a fast food restaurant located near Clare Hall in the city centre area with a price range of less than £20
High priced English pub food at the Wildwood has an average customer rating
Blue Spice sells fast food for over £30 in riverside.
Cotto, an Italian restaurant, has a customer rating of one out of five nearby the Ranch.
The Punter are serving English food, prices range from  £20-£25.
Browns Cambridge in Riverside near The Sorrento serves Indian cuisine in family friendly environment.
The Wrestlers is an inexpensive, family friendly coffee shop in riverside serving Indian food. You can find it near Raja Indian Cuisine.
Loch Fyne is a non family welcome restaurant that offer food at a good price.
The Twenty Two is a child friendly Indian food restaurant located in the riverside area.
The Cricketers is a family friendly pub found near Ranch, however it does have a poor customer rating.
Midsummer House is a mid-priced venue found next to All Bar One.
Right by The Rice Boat is a restaurant called the Loch Fyne with 3 stars.
The Punter is located near Café Sicilia and is a moderately priced coffee shop offering your family a choice of food and beverages pleasing to all ages.
Fitzbillies is an Italian coffee shop rated 3 out of 5 in riverside. It is not kids friendly but has a moderate price range.
Blue Spice is a Japanese restaurant at riverside that is expensive.
Low priced meals are served by The Punter.
The Dumpling Tree is a family friendly Japanese pub near The Portland Arms.
Alimentum is a low-priced restaurant located next to Yippee Noodle Bar.
Cotto is a coffee shop that serves Indian food for more than £30. It has a high customer rating and it is located in the city centre near The Portland Arms.
Loch Fyne restaurant serves Chinese food in a family friendly atmosphere.
The Golden Curry is a French restaurant located near The Bakers.  It is a family friendly environment and high priced entrees.
Near The Rice Boat is a Japanese place along the riverside called Loch Fyne, it has a customer rating 1 of 5.
A Chinese food restaurant for more than £30 in the riverside area near All Bar One is the Green Man. It is children friendly.
The Cricketers is a children friendly  pub  located near the Ranch. It has a low customer rating.
Strada is a family friendly place to eat in the low price range.  Customers have rated it average.
Cocum is a Japanese coffee shop which is good for families.
The Indian restaurant Strada is  rated 5 out of 5 and is perfect for a romantic dinner that won't break the bank. Located near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
The Punter is a French restaurant with an average price range.
The Golden Palace offers Japanese food in a coffee shop with low prices located in the riverside area with good customer ratings.
There is a coffee shop with low priced fast food near Ranch called Wildwood.
Blue Spice is a cheap restaurant, providing French food, located in the riverside area.
Bibimbap House serves Chinese food at average prices, and is situated in the riverside area near Clare Hall
The Strada is a Pub which can be found close to the Yippee Noodle Bar. its customer Rating of it's French food is 5 out of 5.
Bibimbap House is a Fast food place that has a price range higher than £30, is near Clare Hall, and Riverside
Located in the city centre Zizzi is a cheap pub serving fast food. It has a low customer rating but is family friendly.
The Cambridge Blue is a pub that serves Indian food at a price range of £20-25 and its near Café Brazil.
For a low-priced British pub, Wildwood is the place to go.
Zizzi is a French pub which is kid friendly and has an average customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Golden Curry is a family friendly Indian restaurant on the riverside.  Rated 5 out of 5 by customers, this restaurant can be found near Café Rouge.
Located in the riverside area , The Phoenix is a Japanese restaurant rated 3 out of 5 by customers.
The Dumpling Tree coffee shop is not family-friendly, the price range is less than £20, and is located near Café Sicilia in the riverside area.
The Golden Palace is a 3-star Caféteria located in the city center
The Cricketers is a restaurant providing Indian food It is near All Bar One.
The Olive Grove serves high priced Fast food in the city center. This pub welcomes children.
The Plough is a kid friendly pub. Near the Café Rouge for a reasonable price of 20-25 L.
The Waterman in the riverside area offers cheap Fast food, it has an average rating but is not family-friendly.
There is a perfect rated pub which is family-friendly in the city centre called Aromi.
The coffee shop Aromi is located in Riverside. Customers give it low ratings though, claiming it is more like Fast food and is not family-friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a moderately priced restaurant serving fast food in the city centre.
The Waterman is a child friendly Indian located near the city centre. It has a 1 out of 5 customer rating and in the high price range.
In the city center The Phoenix offers moderately priced fast food but has a customer rating of 1 out of 5
A restaurant called Giraffe has a price range of more than £30 and can be found near The Six Bells.
Midsummer House is an English restaurant serving breakfast food in the low price range.  It is located near All Bar One and has a three-star customer rating.
The Phoenix on the waterfront, Offering 3 star service, and  food, wine, and spirits, at an affordable price.
Aromi is and Indian coffee shop with an average rating.  It is in riverside and is kid friendly.
A Japanese restaurant near All Bar One is The Cricketers.
The Golden Curry is a low-rated family-friendly, fast food restaurant near Café Rouge in the city center.
Browns Cambridge is a restaurant with a price range of £20-25 with a 3 out of 5 customer rating.
There is a cheap pub that serves food and beverages, it is called The Mill.
Clowns is a Fast food coffee shop near Clare Hall in the city centre. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
With a rating of 1 out of 5, The Golden Curry is located in riverside near Café Rouge. It is kids friendly and serves Indian.
Chinese restaurant, The Waterman ,in the City Centre,  has an average customer rating, with a high price range. Child-friendly.
The Eagle has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and serves English food.
The Dumpling Tree serves English food and is an average priced restaurant.
The Wrestlers is  an average, cheap and family-friendly restaurant that specializes Indian food.
Even though it has a low customer rating and is not family-friendly, the The Golden Curry is a French restaurant to see.
Green Man pub serves fast food. It is near Café Rouge in the riverside area.
Giraffe is a kid friendly, fast food pub in the riverside area.
The family-friendly Italian restaurant that is in the centre of the city,Alimentum is less than £20 and family-friendly.
The Plough is a cheap family Friendly restaurant in The Bakers Area
On the riverside there is a Fast food venue The Phoenix. This venue has prices above average with an average customer rating.
Aromi is a family-friendly pub in the city centre with a low rating.
The Plough is a pub serving Japanese food at a price a little higher than average. It is near to Café Rouge and is not child friendly.
The Waterman is a moderately priced restaurant that provides its customers with fast food. Although it has a customer rating of 3 out of 5, it is a kid-friendly environment conveniently located in the city centre.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop near to the river, three star food and family friendly for low prices.
Cotto is a coffee shop that serves Japanese food. Pricing ranges less than 20 euros. It is centrally located in the city near The Portland Arms.
The Rice Boat is a French restaurant located in the area of Riverside. This restaurant is children Friendly and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Punter is an average price range coffee shop that offers French food in a kids friendly place. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5 and it is located near to the Café Sicilia.
The five-star restaurant, Midsummer House, located near to All Bar One in Cambridge, has an affordable menu that includes cheeses, soups and alcohol.
The Waterman is a high rated Indian restaurant on riverside that is not child friendly, with a price range of £20-25.
Alimentum is an affordable, top-rated fast-food restaurant located riverside near Yippee Noodle Bar.
The Olive Grove offers Italian food costing more than £30. It is children friendly and near the riverside.
The Dumpling Tree is an Indian pub located near The Portland Arms and it is child friendly.
The Eagle is an amazing low-cost, family friendly coffee shop that serves food fast. It is located near the Burger King by the river.
A moderately rated Japanese restaurant in the Riverside area is called Loch Fyne. They are located near The Rice Boat.
In the area of riverside you will find an Indian restaurant called The Waterman. It has a high customer rating. It is not a kids friendly restaurant. It isn't really in a low price range, the price range is between £20 and £25.
The Eagle is an Italian coffee shop. It is located in riverside, near Burger King. It has low customer rating since it is not family-friendly, but offer dishes for less than £20.
The Golden Curry near Café Rouge is a family-friendly, 5 out of 5 customer rated French restaurant in the city centre.
The Punter coffee Shop, restaurant is located next door to the 'Café Sicilia'.
The Golden Palace is a low-cost option for burgers and fries. It has a low rating.
Green Man is located near All Bar One and in city centre. It has Japanese food, price range is more than £30, and is not kid friendly.
Browns Cambridge offers moderately priced Italian food, and received a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Loch Fyne is an Italian, kid friendly, restaurant.
Cocum is a fast food coffee shop, with moderate prices, that is not kid friendly and low customer ratings.
The Vaults serves Indian food. The price range is less than £20. It is not family friendly
The Waterman is an affordable Japanese restaurant with prices ranging from 20-25 pounds. Although it is not kid friendly, it has a high customer rating and is conveniently located in the city centre.
The Vaults provides Indian food in the cheap price range and is family friendly.
Loch Fyne is an English restaurant with low customer ratings located in the city centre  near The Rice Boat.
Alimentum is a restaurant  food in the average price range. It is located in the north of city
The Golden Palace is a reasonably priced coffee shop. it is rated three stars.
Family friendly French pub called The Dumpling Tree is near The Portland Arms
The Wrestlers is a cheap range restaurant suitable for families, close the The Bakers
The Cambridge Blue is a Chinese pub that is cheap and near Café Brazil.
Browns Cambridge has high customer ratings and a moderate price range.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly diner that is rated three stars.  It is expensive however.
The Green Man is an adult oriented highly priced restaurant in the city centre.
There is a cheap coffee shop in Riverside near Burger King that serves Indian food called The Eagle.
Cocum is a child-friendly restaurant with a low customer rating.
The Phoenix is an expensive yet average Italian restaurant on the riverside.
Located near Café Brazil is The Cambridge Blue. It is an average priced Chinese pub.
Along the riverside is an English pub called The Waterman. It has a low customer rating.
If you're looking for cheap French food, you can't do better than The Phoenix. Located at the city centre, customers have rated it 5 out of 5.
Near Burger King, there is a children friendly  coffee shop called The Eagle.  Located in the riverside area, it serves Japanese food, has a customer rating  of 3 out of 5 and is in a higher price range.
The Golden Curry is a 3 star family friendly restaurant that serves English food.
The Waterman is a fairly low priced Chinese food restaurant in the Riverside area. Not family friendly.
A Children Friendly Italian restaurant located near Raja Indian Cuisine in the centre of the city named The Wrestlers has high price range for a coffee shop
A high rated restaurant in the city center is called The Golden Palace.
The Rice Boat is a moderate price ranged, kids-friendly French food restaurant, located near the Express by Holiday Inn, in the city centre wit a rating of 1 out of 5.
Near Burger King, you'll find The Eagle, a family coffee shop that sells sushi. It is moderately expensive and has poor ratings.
If you're looking to get away from the family, Browns Cambridge is a highly rated Italian style coffee shop. Located on the riverside, near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
in riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel is Taste of Cambridge, a family-Friendly French coffee shop.
The Punter is a moderate  pub in the city centre near of Café Sicilia that delivers Japanese food.
Located near the Yippee Noodle Bar with a low customer rating is a fast food pub names Strada.
The Rice Boat is an Indian restaurant located near the Express by Holiday Inn in the city centre.  It is inexpensive, but receives low customer ratings and is not family friendly.
The Punter is near Café Sicilia and is a non friendly coffee shop serving Japanese food. They have a high price range and a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
A new customer rating site rated Clowns the new pub by the riverside as an average, this place has a price range less than 20£.
The Waterman, found in the city center, is a non children friendly English food restaurant with a price range of more than 30 and a high customer rating.
The Dumpling Tree is a Japanese restaurant serving meals  for less than £20.
Near Café Rouge, by the riverside,  there is a pub which serves French food called Green Man.
Yes there is a kids-friendly coffee shop riverside. The Blue Spice is near Avalon, it has a moderate price range and a 3 out of 5 customer rating.
Near Café Sicilia is a coffee shop that serves Japanese food at a price range of £20-25 called The Punter. It is not kids friendly and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
In city centre near Avalon You can visit coffee shop called Blue Spice. The place is kids friendly, within price range Of £20-25, customer high rate.
Zizzi is a child friendly pub serving English food and highly rated.
The Wrestlers offers the best Indian food around and is children friendly. The Wrestlers  has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and is in the high price range.
Strada is rated 3 out of 5 with a high price range and child friendly.
Blue Spice is a great place with good rating in the city centre
Pub called The Olive Grove is a pub located in city centre. It is children friendly place with prices range of more than £30.
The Golden Curry provides fast food in a family friendly environment.
You can find The Mill, a medium priced pub, serving English food, in the riverside area.
Clowns is located near Clare Hall in the riverside area.  It has a customer average rating and serves Fast food.
Cocum is a coffee shop that serves French food.  It is not child-friendly, which is why it receives a low customer rating. Average price range is  £30.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop providing Indian food in the moderate price range. It is located in the riverside. It is near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Cambridge Blue, has a 3 out of 5 star rating, that serves English food.
Close to Café Rouge, there is an Italian  eatery called Midsummer House; however, it has a low customer satisfaction rating.
The Giraffe coffee shop is ranked 3 stars in the area and is also next  to The Bakers.
A low cost Japanese coffee shop can be found near the riverside. Fitzbillies is a low cost, low rated family friending establishment.
Midsummer House is a medium priced restaurant. Located near All Bar One.
One can buy Fast food at Browns Cambridge which is a kid friendly restaurant located on the riverside near The Sorrento.
The Vaults serves fast food in a child friendly atmosphere. Price range - moderate.
Aromi is an Indian coffee shop, its has average ratings and in the city centre . my advice no family meet up there.
The Phoenix is a restaurant in the city center that served moderately priced Italian food, and it has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
A place to get fast food is the Loch Fyne and it costs less than £20.  It is not a family-friendly place.
Near The Portland Arms is located Cotto, a low-cost Japanese food 5of5 starts
The family-friendly Fitzbillies coffee shop, situated in the city centre, has received high customer rating. It offers cheap fast food.
The Travellers Rest Beefeater is an economic family friendly restaurant.
Strada is a high quality, family friendly British restaurant that has high prices. it is located near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
Giraffe is a child friendly pub that sells Indian food near the riverside.
The average priced restaurant The Dumpling Tree serves English food.
Alimentum serves highly priced fast food in a riverside area. It has a child-friendly atmosphere.
Midsummer House, is an English food place, with a customer rating 1 out of 5, near Café Rouge.
You can buy fast food at The Rice Boat, which is situated on the riverside.
The Rice Boat is a restaurant in the city centre that serves Indian food. It is not family friendly and has an average customer rating.
Loch Fyne is a French family friendly restaurant catering to a budget of below £20.
The Vaults is a charming pub located near Café Adriatic, with a nice clentele and moderate prices
High priced and kid friendly, The Twenty Two is in the city centre near The Rice Boat. It has a three out of five customer rating.
Browns Cambridge is a high rated Italian restaurant with prices more than £30
The Golden Curry offers English food with a family friendly one star rating.
Browns Cambridge is an Indian-serving coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre with an average customer rating. Please note that is is not family friendly.
The Italian family Friendly Strada has a cheap price Range and customer Rating 5 out of 5 is near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
Cotto is a high priced riverside location near All Bar One
The Wrestlers is an establishment with Chinese food that has a high price range, is child friendly, and has a 1 out of 5 customer rating.
Not Kid Friendly, Green Man is a French restaurant near All Bar One.  Price range: moderate.   Area: Riverside.
Browns Cambridge is an Indian coffee shop located in riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is children friendly but however has a low customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Wildwood is a coffee shop that is very highly rated, and located near the Ranch.
Japanese place Midsummer House near Café Rouge has customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Blue Spice coffee shop is kids friendly.  It is near Avalon on the riverside.  It has an average price range and a high customer rating.
The Wrestlers is a high rated Fast food restaurant price range £20-25 and not kids friendly.
Near the Crowne Plaza Hotel in the Riverside area is a family friendly coffee shop called Taste of Cambridge which serves Fast food.
High-priced, Japanese food can be found at The Phoenix.  This establishment in located in the City centre area near The Portland Arms.  Customers give this location 3 out of 5 stars.
Near Café Rouge there is Midsummer House.  A restaurant that features English cuisine and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Japanese food for a reasonable price is available at The Dumpling Tree, a restaurant in the city centre.
The Waterman is a cheap, family friendly fast food establishment located in the riverside area. It has an average customer rating.
Strada is a high rated French restaurant that is not kid friendly, in the £20-25 price range,  near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
The Bibimbap House is located near the river close to Clare Hall.  This is a high priced restaurant that serves traditional oriental meals.
The Golden Palace, located in the city centre near Rainbow Vegetarian Café, is a pub in the more than £30 price range.
With a high customer rating, and located near The Rice Boat in the riverside area, Loch Fyne offers fast food.
The Phoenix is a Sushi restaurant located by the riverside. It provides good quality food at a cheap price.
The River front Chinese store, The Twenty Two, is kid friendly.
The Eagle has a high price range and a customer rating of 1 out of 5.  It is located on the riverside.
On the riverside near to All Bar One is Green Man serving English food. Its no family-friendly and is priced less than £20
The Twenty Two is a family friendly restaurant that serves French cuisine.
Giraffe is a children friendly coffee shop with high ratings near The Bakers.
Aromi is a coffee shop near the river. It is not family friendly.
in riverside near The Rice Boat,The Twenty Two has a high customer rating and is children Friendly. It has a  price range of more than £30
Bibimbap House, a fast food restaurant in the city centre offers meals in the high price range. It is located near Clare Hall.
Green Man can be found in the riverside area, it's a cheap venue and not recommended for families.
The Golden Curry, next to Café Rouge has facilities for families.
On the more expensive side of the price range, a child friendly Indian restaurant is available near Rainbow Vegetarian Café called Strada and is rated highly.
if you are looking for a coffee shop which is not family-friendly in the riverside area near Avalon there is a place called Blue Spice which has a average customer rating and is in the less than £20 price range
Blue Spice has a cheap price range. they are not family-friendly. They have a customer rating 5 out of 5. located in the riverside area.
Clowns is a coffee shop providing Indian food It is located in the riverside. It is near Clare Hall. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
The Twenty Two is far from the City centre. It's close by The Rice Boat. It accepts family.
Wildwood is coffee shop with a high customer rating. Serving Italian food in the £20-25 price range, it can be found near Ranch.
Alimentum offers Indian food for moderate prices in city centre. It is kid friendly.
Located near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café, Strada is a non-family-friendly Fast food restaurant that is low-cost with a great customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Plough restaurant, near The Bakers, is a low cost eatery.
Fast Food , family friendly restaurant Loch Fyne, has a price range of less than £20.
Browns Cambridge is a family-friendly coffee shop near the Crown Plaza Hotel.  The coffee shop serves Italian food. It is located in the riverside area. The customer rating for this coffee shop is low.
Located near Café Adriatic is an expensive venue called Travellers Rest Beefeater. It is rated three stars.
A coffee shop called Fitzbillies serves Indian food. The price range is decent but has a low customer rating. It's in City Centre and is kid friendly.
Near Express by Holiday Inn is a kid friendly restaurant named The Plough.
There is a coffee shop, the name is Clowns. They also serve Indian food. It's located in the Riverside near Clare Hall. The customer rating is only 1 out of 5.
The Golden Curry, located north of the city center near Café Rouge, is a five-star family restaurant.
An Italian restaurant that is not kids friendly near Rainbow Vegetarian Café is Strada with a moderate price range and customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Wildwood is a coffee shop. It is located near Ranch. Start from low price and have 5 out of 5 costumer rating.
The Olive Grove is a pub that provides Chinese food in the £20-25 price range. It is located in the riverside.
The Olive Grove is a pub that serves Italian food. It is located in the city centre and has a moderate price range. It is child friendly.
The price range of The Golden Palace restaurant falls into the over £30 bracket.
Midsummer House is a restaurant providing foods served with chopping sticks. It is located Café Rouge.
The Cricketers is a sushi-serving coffee shop near The Portland Arms. Your entire family is welcomed at this 5-star rated establishment.
A cheap family friendly Chinese restaurant in the city centre with a 5 out of 5 customer rating is the not family friendly The Rice Boat near Express by Holiday Inn.
A good pub providing Italian food in the low price range. It is located near the Riverside is called The Mill.
In the riverside areas, located near The Rice Boat, is an Italian food serving venue called Loch Fyne, it has a rating of 1 out of 5.
Located near Ranch is a child friendly pub named The Cricketers.
Find French food  at the kid friendly, riverside pub, Giraffe.
The Rice Boat serves Italian food with a high customer rating in the riverside area and is kid friendly.
adult only average customer rating near The Portland Arms is The Cricketers coffee shop serving Japanese food
A restaurant named Clowns is near The Portland Arms.
Blue Spice serves Chinese food. The price range is £20-25. It is located by the riverside
The Golden Curry serves fast food with a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is family friendly.
The Waterman, on the riverside, serves excellent, low-priced English food.  It is suitable for families with children.
in riverside there is a restaurant  The Golden Palace which has a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
Browns Cambridge serves Indian food at a cheap price range and has an average customer rating.
Wildwood, located near the Ranch, is a coffee shop that serves Japanese food, has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and a price range of £20-25.
Browns Cambridge is a Japanese restaurant with a price range of less than £20 and an average customer rating.
The Cambridge Blue is a pub with Chinese food in the moderate price range near Café Brazil.
The Wrestlers serves French food in the more than £30 price range, it is not child friendly and has a low customer rating.
The Waterman is a Chinese restaurant which is cheap. It has an average customer rating and it is family friendly. It is located in riverside
There is a family-friendly coffee shop Browns Cambridge located near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre that provides Italian food. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
French food can be found at The Rice Boat restaurant in the riverside area.
the average Fitzbillies is family friendly and cheap.  it is located near the Express by Holiday Inn.
With a 1 out of 5 customer rating, The Waterman serves expensive fast food by the river. It is family-friendly.
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing Indian food in the moderate price range. It is located in the city centre. It is near Burger King. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Rice Boat is a kid friendly restaurant in the riverside area that serves Italian food and has a high customer rating.
Loch Fyne is a family-friendly restaurant which offers fast food.
Green Man is a kid-friendly venue in the moderate price range in Riverside.
With a moderate price range, Strada is a non child-friendly establishment with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
There is a family sushi restaurant The Wrestlers.  It offers cheap food for an average price.
The Punter is a fast food coffee shop located near Café Sicilia. It is not family-friendly, has a low rating, is less than 20.
For a family friendly restaurant with meal prices less than 20 pounds, you may wish to try The Rice Boat, a Chinese restaurant in the riverside area.  It is near Express by Holiday Inn. The restaurant receives a low rating from customers.
Located near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area is an eat type coffee shop called the The Wrestlers is a children friendly that serves Japanese food and has a price range more than 30 euros.
Good customer score of 3 out of 5 Wildwood  restaurant is a recommended place to eat. Located near the Café Rouge.
The Vaults is a pub near Café Adriatic with low ratings and mildly expensive.
The Rice Boat is a family-friendly French restaurant in the city centre. It has a low customer rating.
Green Man provides Chinese food in the less than £20 price range. It is located in the riverside. It is near All Bar One.
The Midsummer House is a restaurant with highly favored British cuisine, located nearby Café Rouge.
Located near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café, Strada, while not kid friendly, has been rated high by customers and has a price range of £20-25.
Strada is family friendly and rated 3 out of 5 with prices ranging from 20 to 25 euros.
In the riverside area you will find the highly rated coffee shop called Fitzbillies, which serves Italian food. It is non kid friendly and is in the average price bracket of £20 - £25.
Alimentum is a cheap family friendly Italian restaurant in riverside.
Zizzi is a kid-friendly fast food pub. It receives high ratings from customers.
Midsummer House is a moderate price Chinese restaurant near All Bar One with a poor customer rating.
The low rated less than £20 and family friendly The Rice Boat serves Indian food in the center city near   the Express by Holiday Inn.
Bibimbap House boasts moderate prices, river views to eat your fast food and is located near Clare Hall.
Zizzi pub serves Asian food.  It has a low rating but is open to the whole family.
Wildwood is a 5 out of 5 rating coffee shop with cheap prices near Ranch
Alimentum is a child friendly , Italian, riverside restaurant and prices start from £30.
The Rice Boat is a family-friendly, Italian restaurant in the city center with  a low customer rating.
Blue Spice is a city centre, family-friendly restaurant costing more than £30.
An expensive, low customer rated French Pub, called Wildwood is open.
There is a very expensive store The Wrestlers in Cambridge that provides ice cream.
The Waterman is a highly rated gastro-pub on the riverside serving English cuisine.
In the high price range and not child friendly is The Rice Boat near the Express by Holiday Inn.  Also near the city center it is customer rated 1 out of 5 and serves Fast food.
The Cambridge Blue serves pub food. The Italian food is good, but priced high. You can find it near Café Brazil.
The Punter is  fast food restaurant with food priced at £30 and up.
Featuring a customer rating of 5 out of 5, Zizzi is a pub offering families pub style food.
Fitzbillies is a family-friendly, budget friendly Italian coffee shop, placed ideally in the city centre.
Aromi is a child friendly pub in riverside with high customer ratings.
Blue Spice has prices under £20 and located at the riverside.
Near Burger King by the riverside is a kid friendly coffee shop and fast food restaurant named The Eagle.
In the city centre is a 5 star rated restaurant called The Phoenix with low prices.
Moderately priced fast food restaurant, Loch Fyne is a kids friendly location.
There is high priced coffee shop that serves Japanese food near Burger King in city centre called The Eagle.  It is children friendly and has a customer rating of 3 our of 5.
The Dumpling Tree is a Pub that is family friendly, serving Italian food near The Portland Arms
The restaurant Aromi, near the city center, serves Indian dishes.
The Plough is a family-friendly pub within the £20 price range serving Japanese food near Café Rouge
The Plough is  a pub near Café Rouge. It serves Italian food in children friendly atmosphere. The Plough pub offers food in high price range.
Cotto is a coffee shop providing Indian food in the moderate price range. It is located in the city centre. It is near The Portland Arms. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
There is a cheap Bibimbap House located by riverside near Clare Hall providing Italian.
Fitzbillies is a Japanese coffee shop in the city centre.   It is child friendly and average priced, with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Loch Fyne is a not family-friendly restaurant serving Japanese food.
The Waterman is a 5 star rated, family friendly restaurant located on the River.
The Eagle is an Italian restaurant with a 3 out of 5 rating.
The Waterman is a pub that has great food and the cost is a low range meals near the water.
The Cambridge Blue is an English restaurant, with an average customer rating.
The Green Man has great Italian food. Its Great pit stop for a night out on the town or to have a good night with some friends. The food is great and with everything being sold for under 20 dollars you cant go wrong. Stop on by at Green Man in Riverside right by All Bar One.
The pub Zizzi is a high customer Rated pub offering French food. Zizzi is a kids friendly pub.
Pasta and wine at The Twenty Two. Adults only.
There's a pub in Riverside that serves affordable English foods called The Mill.
The Strada is located near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café and serves cheap Chinese food. It is family friendly and has an average customer rating.
Green Man is a pub that can be found in the city centre, near Café Rouge and serves English-style food.
Located near the Ranch, Cotto is a family friendly Chinese restaurant with a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
If you are looking for a kid friendly restaurant in the riverside area, The Twenty Two is located near The Rice Boat, and is kid friendly with a 3 out of 5 star rating.
Cocum is a kids friendly coffee shop that serves fast food. It has an average customer rating and falls into the high price range.
Near Riverside a pub named The Waterman serves Italian food and has a customer rating of 5-5.
The Waterman pub is located in the riverside area. It serves Chinese food and has an average customer rating.
Yes Family friendly and cheap Fitzbillies near Express by Holiday Inn has an average customer rating.
Aromi is a beautiful coffee shop located in the Riverside area, with a nice family atmosphere and Japanese food service
Loch Fyne is a restaurant that serves English food. It is not family-friendly and the price range is less than £20.
Aromi is a coffee shop providing Indian food It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is average.
The Cricketers is a pub located near the Ranch. It is child friendly, but it has a 1 out of 5 customer rating.
Cotto offers Japanese food and is near Café Rouge.
Strada is a Chinese food place that is children friendly and near Rainbow Vegetarian Café, prices are high and customer ratings are 1 out of 5.
Low-cost, Italian food can be found at the Strada located next to the Rainbow Vegetarian Café.  This is not a family-friendly location  so leave the kids at home.   Customers gives this restaurant a 1 out of 5 stars.
A kid-friendly option in the Riverside area is The Twenty Two which serves French food.
Offering a price range of £20-25 is restaurant The Golden Palace.
The Cricketers is an average rated pub close to Ranch, not for children
With low prices,  Browns Cambridge has an average customer rating.
Riverside, The Punter, The Portland Arms, Price range cheap, family friendly
There is kid friendly, Japanese food at The Waterman near the Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Strada is a low priced British cuisine restaurant, located by Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
Cheap French food is served at family friendly Alimentum in the riverside area.
The Vaults, a pub located near Café Adriatic, is in the higher price range and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Zizzi, an adult oriented coffee shop, has a low customer rating but a price range of less than £20, and is located in the riverside area.
There is a restaurant offering English food near All Bar One called The Cricketers.
Cotto has a price range of £ 20-25. It is located in riverside area, near to All Bar One.
Near Ranch, Cotto serves Fast food. Customer rating: Average. Child Friendly: Yes.
Strada for Italian food with more than £30 for children Friendly near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
The Waterman is a pub that serves Japanese food in the riverside area. It is not very popular.
Price range £20-£25 The Vaults coffee shop in the riverside area near Café Brazil with a high customer rating
Giraffe is a family-Friendly pub, serving Italian food. It is located riverside.
The Twenty Two is a family friendly Japanese restaurant located riverside.
The Rice Boat It provides fast foods at a reduced price and is located near the river,there Express by Holiday Inn
The Taste of Cambridge is a non family friendly coffee shop which is located next to the Crowne Plaza Hotel.
The Cambridge Blue is a high range pub near Café Brazil. It serves Italian food.
Blue Spice serves Indian food in the high price range in city centre.
The Plough is a family-friendly pub outside the city centre near Café Rouge.
The Olive Grove pub is located in the city center. It is quite expensive but is great for kids.
There is a family-friendly Fast-food restaurant named Green Man in the center of the city near All Bar One.
The Golden Curry is a French food restaurant on the riverside.   It is children friendly and is near the Café Rouge.
Strada Family friendly restaurant Located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café
Cocum coffee Shop providing Fast food. It is located in City center. Medium price and family-friendly. Have 5 out of 5 costumer rating.
The Punter is a French food coffee shop which is kids friendly with a £20-25 price range near Café Sicilia, it has a good customer rating.
The Waterman it is an adult Indian food restaurant. Its food price range is cheap, customer rating on average near to riverside area.
Aromi is a low rating family friendly coffee shop that sells Fast food in riverside.
The Wrestlers is an adults-only coffee shop that serves moderately-priced Indian dishes in the city centre, near Raja Indian Cuisine.
Blue Spice is located at the centre of the city, and prices run less than £20. The environment is not family-friendly and customers have given it an average rating.
Green Man serves Japanese food with prices less than £20. It is located in the riverside area near All Bar One. It is not family-friendly.
Cocum, a low customer rating fast food coffee shop, has moderate prices and is not kid friendly.
Loch Fyne is a children friendly Fast food restaurant  with a price range of more than £30.
There is an average price family friendly French food serving coffee shop  Cocum with a low customer rating.
With an average customer rating, The Rice Boat is a non family-friendly Japanese restaurant located in the city centre.
The Rice Boat is not children Friendly and has a price Range of more than £30. Its located in the city centre and has a high customer rating. They are near the Express by Holiday Inn and serve Italian food.
1 star sushi restaurant, The Eagle
Rating 1 out of 5 with customers, The Twenty Two is a pub in the riverside area, near Café Sicilia.
Midsummer House next to All Bar One  is a great play to get a god breakfast but they are expensive.
Cotto is a child friendly fast food outlet near Ranch with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Wildwood pub serves moderately prices Chinese food and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
A family-Friendly place, The Golden Curry, is near The Bakers and has French food in the lower price range of less than E20.
Prices range between £20-25 at French food coffee shop Fitzbillies.  The coffee shop is located in the riverside area and is not friendly for kids.  They have a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a moderately priced place serving Chinese. It is not kid friendly and is okay.
With a customer rating of 5 out of 5, The Cricketers coffee shop is fast food that is family friendly near The Portland Arms.
Wildwood is a pub that serves sushi that has a 3 star rating and average price range
Cocum coffee shop serves highly rated English food in the more than £30 price range. It is not child friendly.
The Olive Grove pub serves Italian food in riverside area.  Not child friendly; moderate price range.
A family-friendly serving French food in the city centre, near the Crowne Plaza Hotel, is The Taste of Cambridge,  a coffee shop.
There is a child friendly restaurant in city centre that has a high customer rating and a higher price range called The Waterman.
A pub in the riverside called Clowns has a low price range of less than £20 but a low customer rating.
A child friendly Italian coffee shop in Riverside, called Fitzbillies, is lowly rated and expensive.
Moderately priced kid friendly Chinese food, go to The Vaults.
Aromi restaurant serves Indiana food in the riverside area.
The Giraffe is a pub that serves up Chinese Food. This dining choice is not family friendly and is located in the center. of the city.
The Phoenix provides Chinese food It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
The Mill is a coffee shop also serving Italian  food. The price range is typically less than twenty pounds and it is close by The Sorrento in the city centre.
The Loch Fyne is near The Rice Boat and is moderately well rated.
For a cheap Japanese meal there is Alimentum in the city centre near Yippee Noodle Bar.  It has average ratings.
The Rice Boat is a restaurant with high customer rating that serves Chinese food at the riverside and is not family friendly.
The Rice Boat offers exquisite French food by riverside by the Express by Holiday Inn
Browns Cambridge is near the Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre.  It is a coffee shop serving French food.  It is not family-friendly and the customer rating is average.
The Bibimbap House is near Clare Hall and the riverside, has a moderate price range, and serves Italian.
Located in Riverside is an eat type pub called The Mill that has French food and a moderate price range.
Fitzbillies, a coffee shop specializing in moderately priced Indian food is located in the City Centre. Fitzbillies has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and is not kid friendly.
Near The Bakers is a cheap family friendly English place called The Golden Curry.
For moderately priced food in the riverside area, try The Golden Palace pub, near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
Although the Japanese restaurant named The Golden Curry is not family-friendly, it has a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
For a high customer rating and a price range of more than £30 per head there is Wildwood, a pub serving Italian food.
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing Japanese food in the moderate price range. It is located in the city centre near to Burger King and the customer rating is 1 out of 5. Friendly for kids.
Green Man is a nice Italian restaurant in the city center area near All Bar One with a friendly atmosphere and price a little high
The Rice Boat is an Italian restaurant in the riverside area near Express by Holiday Inn. It is not kids friendly but it has a high customer rating and prices range from £20-25.
This resort All Bar One is a very inexpensive Midsummer House that offers Japanese cuisine and has an overall customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Phoenix is a restaurant providing take-away deliveries in the low price range. It is located in the city centre.
The Rice Boat is a mid-price restaurant with a family atmosphere. It is located by the riverside, close to the Express by Holiday Inn hotel.
Browns Cambridge is a non family-friendly French coffee shop near the riverside Crowne Plaza Hotel with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
In the centre of the city is a restaurant called Blue Spice with a price range less than L20.
The Wrestlers is an Indian restaurant and coffee shop located in the riverside area near the Raja Indian Cuisine.  Prices are in the high range and it is not child friendly.
The Waterman is a low-priced restaurant in the riverside that delivers take-away
The coffee shop The Mill, in riverside near The Sorrento, has Italian food that ranges from 20-25 pounds.
The Golden Curry is s family restaurant with a rating of three out of five stars
Average rated English restaurant that is not children friendly is The Wrestlers. Its prices are high.
The Wrestlers provides Indian food in the high price range. Its customer rating is average.
There is a Japanese restaurant  called The Rice Boat next to the Express by Holiday Inn, in the city centre. It has received a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and is known to be kid friendly. Prices range from £20-25.
restaurant Loch Fyne has moderate prices for Italian food. Its not a place for kids.
There is a children friendly coffee shop serving Fast food near Café Sicilia with a high customer rating and a price range of more than £30 called The Punter.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop located along the riverside, That being said, Fitzbillies has a low customer rating, often being described as not being family-friendly. Fitzbillies serves French food with a general price range of less than £20.
The Eagle, which serves excellent Japanese  food has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Rice Boat is near Express by Holiday Inn in the city centre with a more than £30 price range, French food, low customer rating and isn't children friendly.
This eatery may be in the cheap price range, but boasts a 5 out of 5 customer rating.  It's a coffee shop called Fitzbillies that is family-friendly and serves French food, It is located in the city centre area.
The Twenty Two is a very kids friendly French food restaurant.
The Phoenix is moderate price range English food restaurant situated in city center with customer rating 3 out of 5.
In the riverside area near Express by Holiday Inn you can get cheap low rated Japanese food in family friendly The Rice Boat.
Located next to the river is a fast food restaurant called The Phoenix.  It has moderate reviews.
The Eagle is near Burger King. It is a children Friendly restaurant in city center. This coffee shop is a average rated coffee shop with Italian food. The Eagle is a higher priced coffee shop.
Zizzi is pub serving Italian food. Rated 5 out of 5 stars not kid friendly.
In city centre near Express by Holiday Inn is the family-friendly spot The Rice Boat. It serves Japanese food is in the higher price range and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Dumpling Tree is a coffee shop located near Café Sicilia in the city centre. It is kid friendly with a moderate price range.
If you want authentic sushi in a traditional setting, then Bibimbap House is for you. Situated on the river's edge and near The Rice Boat.
There is a fast food restaurant called The Dumpling Tree, prices range from  £20-25.
Located on the riverside by The Rice Boat, Loch Fyne is a an average fast food restaurant.
The Vaults is a fast food restaurant with menu items in the more than £30 range. It is a child-friendly restaurant.
Taste of Cambridge is a restaurant with average ratings from customers. Price range is about less than £20.
The Olive Grove is a family-friendly riverside pub that serves gourmet Indian cuisine.
Aromi is a restaurant serving Italian food in riverside.
The Vaults family friendly Italian dining, pricey.
Aromi, a pub in the riverside area, has been rated average by customers and offers a family-friendly atmosphere.
The Phoenix is a French restaurant that is moderately priced located in the center of the city with a customer rating of 3 out 5.
The highly rated The Golden Curry serving Indian cuisine is kid friendly and is in riverside near Café Rouge.
Cotto is a coffee shop serving Italian food ranging more than £30. It is located at the city centre, near The Portland Arms. Rated highly by customers.
Browns Cambridge serves an English menu in the upper price range. It was rated average by customers.
If you want cheap in price, but not in taste come by The Taste of Cambridge.   Try the restaurant that received a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Punter is a very pricey but family friendly Japanese coffee shop. It's located near Café Sicilia but has a 1 our of 5 star rating.
The Dumpling Tree restaurant is located in the centre of Cambridge. The food is delicious and cheap.
Alimentum is near Yippee Noodle Bar in city centre. They serve English food for cheap and have an average rating.
In the riverside area look for The Golden Palace, a high-priced, average-rated Indian coffee shop.
Alimentum is a child friendly restaurant located in the city centre. It serves highly priced English food.
Browns Cambridge serves Japanese food, is moderately priced and has a 1 out of 5 customer rating.
The Phoenix serves low-priced British food and is located north of the City Centre.
Alimentum is near the riverside. It's family friendly, cheap and serves French food.
The Vaults is a coffee shop serving cheap food in the riverside area near Café Brazil with an average customer rating.
Pub serving French food near Yippee Noodle Bar is named Strada. the customer rating is 3 out of 5.
The Rice Boat is an English food restaurant.  It is located near the Express by Holiday Inn.  The price range is high.  Child friendly.  Customer rating one out of five.
Serving English food in the riverside area is the Bibimbap House. Prices are high, located near Clare Hall
Customers give Midsummer House a 5 out of 5 rating. Midsummer House offers French food. It is located near Café Rouge.
The Golden Curry is a 5 out of 5 restaurant that serves English. They are not family-friendly.
The Wrestlers Italian coffee shop is near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre area, it is child friendly however the is high price range.
The Golden Palace is outside of the City centre, featuring delicious homemade fries. 5 star coffee shop, but the price is less than expected.
The Eagle is a coffee shop located in the city center,  near the Burger King.
Giraffe is a coffee shop near The Bakers with prices more than £30. Rated 5 out of 5 stars. not kid friendly.
On the riverside, close to Café Adriatic, you'll find the average rated Travellers Rest Beefeater, offering dishes from a high price range
The Waterman is a Japanese restaurant in the city centre with a price range of more than £30, has a low customer rating, and is children friendly.
Clowns is a pub in a riverside location in the less than £20 price range which is rated low.
A pub called Zizzi serves English food and has an average rating.
Near the riverside by Yippee Noodle Bar is a high customer rated Chinese called Alimentum. It costs more than £30.
The Wrestlers is a low-cost fast food restaurant that is family friendly.
Fitzbillies, near The Six Bells, servers Japanese food. The price range if more then  £30.
The Golden Curry is a high priced range, child friendly Italian restaurant near The Bakers.
The Vaults is an average priced pub with a rating of 3 out of 5 near Café Adriatic.
Blue Spice is a coffee shop near Avalon in the riverside area with high prices, not child friendly and has high customer ratings.
Down by the riverside, near Café Adriatic is the Travellers Rest Beefeater. This restaurant is deemed average by its customers and a cheap venue to visit,
Bibimbap House provides Indian food in the less than £20 price range. It is located in the riverside. It is near Clare Hall.
Indian restaurant, Alimentum is higher in price, average in price on the riverside near Yippee Noodle Bar.
Cocum is a high price ranged pub that offers a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and is children friendly.
For Japanese food near All Bar One visit The Cricketers restaurant.
The Phoenix is a cheap Japanese restaurant located in the city centre. With a customer rating of 5 out of 5 I'm sure you won't be disappointed.
Dine at a 5 star restaurant Loch Fyne located close to the river and The Rice Boat.
Cotto is a fast food restaurant located near Ranch, has familiar atmosphere, service fast food and high customer
Blue Spice offers Chinese food by the riverside. It is more than 30 pounds.
By the river is The Phoenix it serves high price Indian food ,but has average customer ratings.
Near Rainbow Vegetarian Café is the family friendly French restaurant Strada which has an average customer rating and a price range below £20.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop near the riverside. They are family friendly and serve food. They have a high price and have a 3 out of 5 star rating.
The Eagle coffee Shop is a 3 star family friendly restaurant located close to the river near the Burger King.
Cocum is a coffee shop providing Indian food in the more than £30 price range. Its customer rating is high.
Midsummer House provides Chinese food It is near Café Rouge. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
Located near Café Rouge in riverside, The Golden Curry Chinese restaurant has an average customer rating and is not family friendly.
there is a Indian coffee shop in the city centre near The Sorrento called The Mill. is price range is low: less than £20
There is a five star, expensive restaurant called Wildwood Pub.
The Dumpling Tree is a kid friendly pub serving fast food near The Portland Arms.
The Zizzi is a high-priced coffee shop located in the City centre. It is family friendly and has 3 stars.
Aromi is a pub located in riverside which  serves average food and service.  It is children friendly pub Aromi at the riverside area.  Aromi is pub style local with children friendly atmosphere and next to the riverside.
The Wrestlers is an Indian restaurant with a price range of more than 30 pounds. It has a high customer rating and is not children friendly.
Taste of Cambridge is a fast food coffee shop. It is child friendly and located by the Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside.
There is a child friendly Italian highly rated coffee shop in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel.  It is named Browns Cambridge.
The Waterman is a pub that serves Japanese food. It is located in the center of the city, but has a low customer rating.
Located in the riverside area is an adult pub called Aromi. Customer ratings for this restaurant are low.
The Mill is a pub that serves English food in the high price range. It is located in the city centre.
An Indian restaurant called The Golden Curry has an average customer rating and is not family friendly.
Cocum, is a family oriented, Japanese  coffee shop, with a customer rating of 3 out of 5, and a price range of L20-25.
For a moderate priced coffee shop with a 1 out of 5 rating offering French food, come to riverside for The Golden Palace.
With high prices, Clowns, a pub located near the riverside, only has a 1 our of 5 rating with customers.
The Twenty Two is a family friendly, Chinese restaurant located in the city centre.
English coffee shop located near to Ranch Wildwood more expensive but as a high customer rating
If you are looking for a moderately priced venue, then try Browns Cambridge. It has a 3 out of 5 customer rating.
Strada is a French eatery situated near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café with a price range of 20-25 GBP. It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and is not kid friendly.
On the riverside near The Rainbow Vegetarian Café there is a pub in the high price range called The Golden Palace.
The pub The Plough is a children friendly place near Café Rouge that serves Italian food for more than £30
The Cricketers is a low rated, children friendly pub near Ranch
The Golden Palace is a moderately priced coffee shop, that serves Italian food, located in the city centre. Customers have given it a rating of 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a great place to eat, off the beaten path but still in town.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop with fast food and high rating and high price
Blue Spice has a high price range and is located in riverside.
The child Friendly Japanese restaurant called The Golden Curry has a 5 out of 5 customer Rating. Located in the riverside area near Café Rouge.
Alimentum is not a family-friendly place with a price range of less than £20 and is located by the riverside.
Clowns coffee Shop can be found near Clare Hall in the riverside area. It is a fast food outlet with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Strada is a pub, located near Yippee Noodle Bar, serves Italian cuisine and is average.
The Phoenix is a fast food restaurant by the riverside with a 3 out of 5 rating.
The Midsummer House is located near All Bar One. It serves breakfast in the mid price range and has fair customer reviews.
there is a cheap coffee shop in the city centre with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 called Zizzi it is not family-friendly though
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop, not family-friendly that serves Italian food situated near the Crowne Plaza Hotel in the Riverside area with a low customer rating
Fitzbillies is a 5 out of 5 rated coffee shop featuring Indian food at a cheap price. This is a non family friendly facility and is located at City Centre.
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing Indian food in the moderate price range. It is located in the city centre. It is near Burger King. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
The Phoenix is an English restaurant based in the City Centre. The price range is moderate. The customer rating is 3 out of 5.
The Rice Boat is a family friendly French restaurant on the riverside; it is in close proximity to the Express by Holiday Inn.  The average meal price is over £30 and the customer rating is low.
The Punter is a coffee shop providing Indian food in the less than £20 price range. It is near Café Sicilia. Its customer rating is low.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop that provides Indian food in the low price range. It has a low customer rating and is in the city centre.
For cheap French food with a high customer rating visit The Wrestlers.  It is not family-friendly.
You will be going to The Rice Boat.  It has a high customer rating, but it serves Fast food.  It located by the Express by Holiday Inn next to the riverside.  Yes, it is children friendly and has more than £30.
Midsummer House is a low priced, five star restaurant that is right next to All Bar One.
For budget minded customers seeking family friendly fun- The Punter is a coffee shop that offers fast food at less than £20. It is located near Café Sicilia and has a low customer rating.
An Italian restaurant located in the city centre The Rice Boat is not family-friendly. They have a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Eagle It competes competitors 5 out of 5
Fitzbillies is a cheap Japanese coffee shop in Riverside. They have an average customer rating and offer a family friendly atmosphere.
Kid friendly English food near riverside named The Twenty Two.
Wildwood coffee shop is a cheap, three star sushi bar located in the Ranch.
The Olive Grove is the name of a children friendly  Italian food eat type restaurant  and yes the price range is high.
The highly rated French restaurant, The Rice Boat is in the city centre near the Express by Holiday Inn.  The price range is more than £30. The customer rating is 5 out of 5, and it is not child friendly.
There is a pub called Wildwood that offers cheap food in the city centre.
There is a coffee shop called Cotto which provides Italian food in the low prices. It dislocated in the city centre near to The Portland Arms and has 1 out of 5 stars.
Blue Spice restaurant is adult oriented with a customer rating of 5 out of 5, with a price range of more than £30, located in the city centre.
Browns Cambridge serves Italian food and is located near The Sorrento in the riverside area, not family-friendly.
The Dumpling Tree is a Italian restaurant with price Range £20-25.
Alimentum is an Italian restaurant located in Riverside in the high price range and not child friendly
Wildwood pub is an Indian restaurant with high prices and average reviews.
In the Riverside area there is  pub 'The Waterman' which serves French food with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Near the All Bar One is an Indian restaurant called Midsummer House. It is cheap yet good with a rating 5 out of 5.
Fitzbillies near Express by Holiday Inn is family friendly and cheap but has average customer rating.
Enjoy traditional English food from Giraffe at riverside
The coffee shop called The Mill serves Italian scrum by The Sorrento the cost is moderate and is in the city centre.
The Golden Curry is an Indian restaurant with an average customer rating and is not family friendly.
Zizzi is a coffee shop highly rated for adults only by the riverside and in the £30 range. Kids not welcome.
Giraffe's pub an Indian eatery located along the riverside is ideal for the entire family.
Giraffe is a kid friendly coffee shop near The Bakers.  It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and price range of£20-25.
Children friendly pub, The Cricketers, with 1 star customer rating, is located near Ranch.
Cotto has an average customer rating but is not family-friendly.  It is based near Ranch and serves Japanese food.
Loch Fyne is an English restaurant with a moderate price range. It is not kid friendly.
Strada is a cheap Italian restaurant near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café. It has a 5 out of 5 rating and isn't family-friendly.
Their is a family friendly venue in the less than  £20 range named The Waterman.
There is a a child-friendly coffee shop  called The Cricketers near The Portland Arms. It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and serves French food.
The Twenty Two, near The Rice Boat, is a cheap riverside restaurant with a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is not child friendly.
Aromi is a coffee shop located in the riverside area with average customer rating which provides Indian food and it is not family friendly.
The Rice Boat is located in the city centre near the Express by Holiday Inn. It serves Japanese food and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It has a cheap price range.
The Wrestlers are a  family-Friendly. With a customer rating 5 out of 5. You can guarantee quality service. The prices range from cheap to expensive for all of you linguists.
Aromi is an average, riverside pub offering a family friendly atmosphere.
The Waterman is a Chinese restaurant, its meals cost more than £30 and has a high rating, its located in the city centre and yes it's child friendly.
Alimentum has quite high prices even with poor customer reviews. It servers gourmet foods and is found near the Yippee Noodle Bar along the riverside.
The Rice Boat is situated in the city centre near the Express by Holiday Inn.  The price range is moderate and the customer rating is 1 out of 5.  French food is sered and kids are welcome.
Chinese food at The Waterman is not child Friendly. It has a 1 out of 5 customer Rating, in the high price Range and in the area of centre city.
The Cricketers is a restaurant near All Bar One serving Italian Food.
The Rice Boat offers cheap English food in Express by Holiday Inn in city centre.
Aromi is a children-friendly coffee shop in the riverside area. It specializes in French food and has a low customer rating.
The Dumpling Tree French restaurant has food in the £20-£25 range.
An average coffee shop near The Portland Arms in the city centre is Cotto. It serves average Indian food at high prices.
Cocum is a coffee shop that is children friendly and provides French.  They have a low customer rating and their price range is more than £30.
The Rice Boat is an Italian restaurant located in the city centre.
The Rice Boat is a fast food restaurant in the city centre.  It is not family-friendly.  The customer rating is low.
The Golden Curry is a restaurant that is located at the city center.
The Punter is a 5 star Japanese food and coffee shop located near Café Sicilia. It is not child-friendly and slightly more expensive other local places.
The Wrestlers is a reasonably priced Japanese coffee shop found in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine.  It is not welcoming to children.
By the Rainbow Vegetarian Café there  is a place called The Rice Boat. It is rated high. Their menu prices are more than £30.
The Japanese pub, The Wrestlers is a family food restaurant with pricing less than £20 and a low customer rating.
Fitzbillies coffee shop offers French food with a low customer rating. We are not family-friendly and have a price range of less than £20.
Blue Spice offers low price French entries located by the riverside.
The Wrestlers is an average, low-priced and family-friendly  Indian restaurant.
Wildwood a French coffee shop near Ranch has low customer rating with a moderate price range.
The Phoenix serves moderately priced French food in the city centre, but their food is not well liked by customers.
With highly-rated French food, kid-friendly Cotto is one of the best, located near Ranch.
Even though it costs more than £30, you will be awed by the amazing French food at The Vaults.
The Punter has a 5 star rating and serves mid price range food suitable for families. It is near to Café Sicilia.
The Phoenix offers French food in riverside. It has a 3 out of 5 customer Rating.
Riverside restaurant, The Rice Boat offers great foods at affordable prices in a family-friendly setting. Found near the Express by Holiday Inn
English children friendly places named The Vaults in the high price range
Blue Spice is a cheap restaurant in the riverside area.
There's an average Chinese restaurant, The Golden Curry, but it doesn't allow children.
Chinese food is served at Alimentum,price range £20-25 .customer rating high. Is in Riverside near Yippee Noodle Bar .
Strada is a fast food pub with a low customer rating. It is located near Yippee Noodle Bar.
The Waterman is a cheap French restaurant in the city centre.  It has a rating of 5 out of 5, but it is not recommended for families.
Cocum has a low customer rating and is not family-friendly. The price range is less than 20. The coffee shop is Japanese.
Fitzbillies is a child friendly coffee shop serving Japanese food in the high cost range in the riverside area.  They have a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
A fast food serving coffee shop called Clowns has a low customer rating but is situated near Clare Hall area of the city centre
There is a coffee shop named Clowns in the riverside area near Clare Hall that serves Japanese food with a low customer rating.
In the city centre, there is an Italian coffee shop called Fitzbillies. It has cheap price ranges, but not family-friendly. As a result, it only has average customer ratings.
There is a cheap restaurant close to the university called The Cambridge Blue for Italian food
Blue Spice offers expensive Japanese cuisine in riverside.
Situated close to Express by Holiday Inn, Fitzbillies is a one-starred but expensive family center.
The Rice Boat is located in the riverside area. It serves Indian food and has an average rating from customers. Children are welcome.
Alimentum provides Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in the city centre.
The Waterman has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 and is located in the city centre area. It has a cheap price range and serves cheap food. It is not family-friendly.
The coffee shop Cocum serves Japanese food, has a customer rating of 5 our of 5 and will cost more than £30. It is not child friendly.
The Punter is a mid range eatery located by the riverside near The Portland Arms but is not family friendly.
The Waterman is a family friendly British restaurant, with a medium price range, near the city-centre of Cambridge
The Cricketers is a coffee shop offering fast food.  It is not a family-friendly establishment.  It is located near The Portland Arms.  Customers rate the coffee shop a 5 rating.
Aromi is French coffee shop that is rated 1 out of 5. It is kid friendly and is located on the riverside.
Zizzi is a pub serving Japanese food. It is kid friendly and has a high customer rating.
The Waterman is a family friendly place near Crowne Plaza Hotel that serves English food.
Strada is an Indian pub with average reviews located near the Yippee Noodle Bar.
The Waterman is a pub which serves Fast-food that has a high customer rating and is located in Riverside.
Near Café Brazil is a moderately priced pub called The Cambridge Blue. It serves English food.
Indian food is served at Alimentum located near city centre. Yes, it is children friendly and has a high price range.
The Waterman is an average restaurant that is family-friendly.
An average customer rating was given to the Italian restaurant The Cambridge Blue.
The Rice Boat offers Japanese food in an adult only atmosphere located in the city centre with high customer ratings.
Near Yippee Noodle Bar, you can find Strada; an Indian pub with low customer ratings.
The Waterman Chinese food is moderately priced, received customer rating of 1 out of 5, located riverside and is kid friendly.
There is a city centre English restaurant named Alimentum that is non children friendly with a high price range.
Alimentum is a 3 star restaurant in city centre next to Yippee Noodle Bar.
The Waterman is viewed as a non family-friendly with low customer service ratings. It's fast food and located in the Riverside area.
The Rice Boat is a riverside located fast food restaurant with a cheap price range near Express by Holiday Inn and is not family-friendly with a 5 out of 5 customer rating
The Waterman is a family friendly Japanese restaurant located near the Crown Plaza Hotel.
Near Clare Hall in the city centre, Bibimbap House serves high priced Chinese food.
Cotto is an expensive coffee shop with a one star rating located near The Portland Arms.
The Vaults offers great French food for less than £20. don't bring your kids as this is not a family restaurant.
Midsummer House offers English food with a price range of £20-£25. It is located near All Bar One and has a high customer rating.
if you go to the city centre there is a family-friendly pub called the Giraffe that serves English food
Located near The Bakers, is a kids friendly restaurant named The Plough with a price range of £20-£25.
The Strada is a moderately priced Italian restaurant with an average customer rating  and is unsuitable for children. It can be found near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
In the city centre there is an average coffee shop serving fast food near Clare Hall called Clowns.
In the city centre, near to Express by Holiday Inn is located The Rice Boat that offers Italian food with a high price range and yes has family area. It has a customer rating 1 out of 5.
In the city centre near the The Rice Boat is a English food place called Loch Fyne with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
With a moderate price range, Blue Spice is a fast food restaurant in the area of riverside.
The Punter is a cheap Indian restaurant
The Dumpling Tree is a children-friendly pub near The Portland Arms, serving authentic English foods.
A cheap Chinese restaurant in Riverside near Yippee Noodle Bar with a rating of 5 out of 5 is Alimentum.
There is a pub called The Dumpling Tree located near The Portland Arms that serves fast food and is kid friendly.
Wildwood is a 5 out of 5 cheap pub where you can eat Chinese food.
There is a restaurant with a low customer rating. It is a Japanese restaurant called The Cambridge Blue.
Loch Fyne offers inexpensive family dining in a convenient location.
Cotto is a coffee shop providing Indian food in the cheap price range. It is located in the riverside. It is near The Portland Arms. Its customer rating is average.
There is a pub that offers French cuisine near Café Rouge in the Riverside area called Green Man.
There is a high-priced Indian restaurant near The Six Bells called Fitzbillies
Near the Express by Holiday Inn, in the riverside area is a moderately priced, French restaurant called The Rice Boat. It is not suitable for families and its customer rating is average.
Alimentum is a French food on the riverside ares, has a good ambient for adults and kids, with a price range of £20 to 25.
Serving Italian food in the riverside area is The Waterman pub which has a high customer rating.
Aromi is and Italian restaurant. Its location is on the riverside.
Browns Cambridge is a Fast-food restaurant in the center of the city near The Sorrento that is not family-friendly.
The English restaurant The Golden Curry, is children friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Near Yippee Noodle Bar, there is cheap Japanese food at Alimentum. Located in the riverside area, it has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
A coffee shop with fast food Taste of Cambridge is child friendly located in riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
There is a moderately priced restaurant The Waterman in the city centre. They have high customer ratings and they serve Italian food.
The Cambridge Blue has a 5 out of 5 customer rating. This restaurant serves French cuisine.
Strada is a moderately priced fast food restaurant serving delicious burgers and fries
With a high customer rating,the Browns Cambridge is priced more than £30
Fitzbillies is a highly rated, child  friendly Japanese  coffee shop, located  on the riverside  with prices above 30.
For more than £30, you can experience Japanese cuisine in the riverside area near All Bar One. Green Man is also children-friendly.
The Eagle serves Fast food with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The family friendly riverside dining experience named  The Rice Boat serves English food, but has a low customer rating.
The Mill is a pub serving Indian food.  It is expensive and located in the city centre.
Loch Fyne is a restaurant providing Chinese food in the £20-25 price range.
The Wrestlers is a a Japanese styled restaurant that is child friendly. They have an average customer rating of 3 out of 5 and a high price range.
There is a French coffee shop called The Cricketers near The Portland Arms. It has a high rating and is kid friendly.
The Golden Curry near Café Rouge is family friendly and serves French food by the riverside. It has an average customer rating.
Blue Spice is a high priced coffee shop located near Avalon at the riverside. It is child friendly and customers rate it as 3 out of 5.
The Golden Palace has a 5 star rating, it is low priced and also provides wine and snacks, located just next to the river.
Cocum is an averagely-priced pub with a 3 out of 5 customer rating. It is not kid-friendly.
Wildwood is an expensive, one-star pub that serves fast food.
Cheap,  5 out of 5 rated coffee shop the Blue Spice is near Avalon in the city centre. It is not family-friendly.
An English restaurant, The Dumpling Tree, serves moderately priced food.
Located on the riverside by Clare Hall, Bibimbap House is an expensive English restaurant.
Strada is a cheap sushi restaurant in close proximity to the Rainbow Vegetarian Café. It is also family friendly.
Browns Cambridge provides Indian food in the moderate price range. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Mill, a pub type Japanese restaurant located in Riverside with cheap eats.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop that serves fast food in a cheap price range. It is located near the city centre and it has a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
The Eagle near Burger King in Riverside is a Japanese kid friendly restaurant with a coffee shop with a price range of 20 to 25 pounds with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
There is a three star family friendly coffee shop near the Crowne Plaza Hotel called Browns Cambridge.
The Golden Curry servers Indian food. Its customer rating is high.  Yes it is children friendly.
Blue Spice  cooks Japanese food and is located by the river side and the price range is moderate
The riverside area offers adult- centric, moderately priced Indian cuisine at Alimentum.
Near The Rice Boat in city centre, Loch Fyne serve Italian food and have a low customer rating.
There is a Chinese restaurant in the city centre called Aromi.
The Phoenix is a high priced fast food place by the riverside and a average customer rating.
The Taste of Cambridge is a non-family-friendly coffee shop that serves Japanese food near the Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre.
Strada is amid priced English food restaurant. It can be found near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
Alimentum is a French restaurant in the city centre near Yippee Noodle Bar. Food is cheap and has been rated 5 out of 5.
Customers have rated The Cambridge Blue as a poor quality Chinese restaurant.
The Olive Grove is a pub offering high priced Chinese food. It's located in the city centre and is not children friendly.
The Rice Boat is a Chinese restaurant with a cheap menu and average customer reviews.  It is in the city centre, near the Express by Holiday Inn.  This is not an ideal restaurant for families.
The Rice Boat has a price range of £20-25 and a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
An Indian food place near Express by Holiday Inn in city centre with an average customer rating, not kid friendly but is cheap is The Rice Boat.
In city centre near Café Rouge, is a family-friendly, French-food restaurant called The Golden Curry. It has customer ratings of 5 out of 5
By the riverside, near Café Rouge, there is a pub called Green Man. It serves English food.
Near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café is a Japanese restaurant called Strada, that's kid friendly with a high customer rating in the £20-25 price range.
Serving Japanese food in it's coffee shop, The Eagle, is not family-friendly.  It has a price range of less than £20 and an average customer rating. and is located in the riverside area near Burger King.
There is a pub called The Plough which is near Café Rouge. It is children friendly and the food is French. The price range is more than £30.
Near The Six Bells you will find Fitzbillies which serves low-priced English food.
Strada is a high priced Chinese food restaurant with an average rating near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café. It is not children friendly.
Located near The Bakers, Giraffe is a family-friendly coffee shop with cheap options and a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
The Waterman is a three star family restaurant in the high price range.
Cotto is a restaurant in Riverside, near All Bar One that has food for more then £30.
Yes, The Waterman is a restaurant Italian in the side of Crowne Plaza Hotel
A Japanese restaurant with food available for under £20 is Alimentum. The restaurant has average customer reviews and is in the city centre, near the Yippee Noodle Bar.
The kids-friendly pub, The Olive Grove, is at the riverside and offers food with a price range of £20-25.
The riverside Indian pub of The Olive Grove is priced at more than 30 pounds but is child friendly.
Loch Fyne in town is a sushi bar moderately priced not family friendly
The Phoenix is a restaurant near riverside that  serves Indian food. It has 3 out of 5 stars.
The Golden Curry restaurant which is child friendly offers fast food with a rating of 3 out of 5.
The Phoenix is located in the city centre and is the best Japanese eatery
A moderately expensive restaurant option near the river is Blue Spice.
Fitzbillies is a Japanese restaurant near The Six Bells that has a moderate price range.
Near Clare Hall is a coffee shop known as Clowns. It serves French food, with a customer rating of 5 out of 5. Clowns is located in the riverside area.
The Cambridge Blue pub is located near Café Brazil and serves Japanese food for more than £30.
Fitzbillies serves Japanese food in a coffee shop. Located in riverside area. Priced more £30 and not kid friendly and rated 5 out of 5 stars.
Strada offers is a restaurant with a customer rating 3 out of 5. It has a high price range. It has a bad children friendly atmosphere.
A child friendly pub named The Olive Grove is located on the riverside. They serve English food in the more than £30 price range.
The Golden Curry provides Chinese food It is located in the riverside. It is near Café Rouge. Its customer rating is low.
The Midsummer House serving Italian food has a customer rating 3 out of 5 and located near Café Rouge.
The Eagle is located in the area of riverside with a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It has a moderate price range.
In riverside there is a family friendly pub that is cheaply priced, called The Olive Grove.
The Plough is a kid-friendly restaurant with moderate prices located near The Bakers.
The Rice Boat provides Chinese food in the high price range. It is located in the riverside. It is near Express by Holiday Inn. Its customer rating is average.
Green Man is a high price range venue in the riverside area that is children friendly.
There is a restaurant located near Yippee Noodle Bart hat serves Italian food called Alimentum for moderate prices.
The Dumpling Tree is a Chinese restaurant with a moderate price range.
Bibimbap House is a restaurant offering Indian food. They are located riverside near The Rice Boat.
Fitzbillies located near to the Express by Holiday Inn is a friendly for family and offers prices less than £20 . The customer rating is average.
A high rating restaurant called the The Golden Palace is located in Riverside.
The Green Man is located at the riverside near All Bar One with a moderate price range. It is not kids-friendly and has Japanese food.
Aromi is a family friendly pub with average customer rating in riverside.
Near The Sorrento in riverside is a high priced Japanese coffee shop named The Mill.
Giraffe is a restaurant located near The Six Bells which offers meals less than £20
Cotto serves Japanese food near the Ranch. They are not family-friendly but rated 5 out of 5 by customers.
The Alimentum  serves averagely priced English food and is rated a 1 out of 5 by customers. It is located near Yippee Noodle Bar, at the riverside.
Fitzbillies is an inexpensive coffee shop that serves sushi. It is located just outside the city center and is suitable for families.
For a riverside French coffee shop near the Crown Plaza Hotel that is children friendly, try Browns Cambridge. It has a low customer rating.
There is a pub located in the centre of the city named Giraffe. Giraffe serves English food and it is not family-friendly.
An Italian restaurant with high ratings is The Cambridge Blue.
Aromi is rated by adults as an average rated coffee shop located in the city centre that is a fast food place.
Zizzi is a high quality pub for all the family
In the city centre near Café Rouge, The Golden Curry, is a Chinese restaurant with a low rating that is family friendly.
There is a high priced coffee shop Zizzi that has is child friendly with an  average customer rating based in the riverside.
The Rice Boat is an Indian restaurant in the riverside area, with high customer ratings and it is kid friendly.
The Eagle coffee Shop sells cheap fast food. Located in the city centre near Burger King, it is not recommended for families.
There is a kids friendly restaurant with average customer ratings The Rice Boat. It is in the city centre and they serve Italian food.
The Phoenix is a five star restaurant located in the northern part of Cambridge.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop, serves Italian food situated near the Crowne Plaza Hotel in the Riverside area with a low customer rating but is not family-friendly
The Phoenix has a low assessment of clients but low prices. The offer is Italian food
A pub offering Indian food,  The Waterman is located in the city centre area and has an average customer rating.
Cotto fast food restaurant near Ranch has a 5 out of 5 customer rating.  It is family friendly.
Near The Portland Arms there is a pub that serves English food that is child friendly. It is called The Dumpling Tree.
The Waterman is located in the city centre, and is family-friendly. Customers rate the French food here average, but its less then  £20 so its worth it. And the The Waterman is family-friendly.
In the city centre of city, near The Portland Arms is a 3of5 stars coffee shop price moderate called Cotto, serves Fast food for all
The Olive Grove is a family friendly restaurant located near the river.
The Twenty Two is a child friendly restaurant near The Rice Boat in the city centre offering meals in the £20 to £25 range. It is child friendly and has a rating of 3 out of 5.
The Golden Curry serves cheap Indian food. It is family friend and near The Bakers.
The Vaults is a Japanese restaurant with food prices at less than £20.  It is not family friendly
The Twenty Two at riverside has children friendly French food.
The Golden Palace serves Japanese food in the city centre, this coffee shop has a low customer rating and is in the more than £30 price range.
The Browns Cambridge is a one star cheap fast food restaurant.
Blue Spice is moderately priced and located at the riverside. It is not kids friendly and has a 1 out of 5 rating.
The restaurant,Taste of Cambridge has a moderate price range with a 3 out of 5 star customer rating.
For a 5 out of 5 rating restaurant dining experience, try Strada.
The Wrestlers is a family restaurant with a one out of five star rating
Midsummer House is by the Café Rouge. It serves American food and is expensive.
Cotto is a highly rated, kids friendly restaurant near Ranch.
Alimentum is an average priced French restaurant, located near Yippee Noodle Bar in the city centre. It has an average customer rating.
Alimentum, located in city centre is  moderately priced French restaurant.
If you are looking for an inexpensive, family friendly restaurant, Travellers Rest Beefeater is the place to go.
There is a Japanese restaurant located near the Ranch named Cotto. They offer a kid friendly environment at a one out of five customer rating.
The Dumpling Tree is an restaurant that serves expensive Italian food.
Taste of Cambridge is a moderately priced restaurant with a 1 out of 5 rating
Wildwood is a coffee shop that serves Italian food for more than £30. It is near Ranch and has a high rating.
Alimentum is an expensive place for low quality gourmet foods. It is located near Yippee Noodle Bar by the riverside.
The Cricketers restaurant has fast-food and is located near All Bar One.
A family friendly pub with a less than £20 menu, The Olive Grove is located in the riverside district.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that serves Indian food where the price range is more than £30.  This restaurant is not children friendly and is located in riverside.
there is an expensive five-star coffee shop The Vaults located near Café Brazil.
The Mill coffee shop near The Sorrento in riverside offers Italian food with a menu costing less than £20.
A child friendly restaurant that offers Japanese food named Loch Fyne is very high on the pricing
There is a child friendly pub that sells English food near The Portland Arms called The Dumpling Tree.
Blue Spice in the riverside area, is child friendly with a high price range and a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Cocum is a family friendly French coffee shop. It serves cheap food and is rated as average.
The Wrestlers serves Indian food and has a low customer rating. It is not family friendly, but the price range is less than £20.
Blue Spice is a kids-friendly place in riverside with a low customer rating, it is moderately priced.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop serving Indian food located in the city centre.  It has poor reviews of 1 out of 5 and is moderately priced.
Giraffe is a cheap, family friendly coffee shop with an average customer rating near The Bakers.
The Cambridge Blue is an English food restaurant that has an average customer rating.
Near Rainbow Vegetarian Café, with an average rating, Strada is family friendly, offering French foods for less than £20.
The Vaults is an average priced Italian restaurant that is family oriented.
Zizzi is a coffee shop located in the city centre. They are not child friendly, have a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and their price range is moderate.
At Browns Cambridge you can order Chinese food for £30 or more. The restaurant is highly rated.
The Wrestlers is a restaurant serving French food. It is not child-friendly. The prices are more than £ 30. Customer ratings are low.
The Waterman serves Japanese food for more than £30, in the riverside area.  It is not children friendly and has a low customer rating.
There is a high priced restaurant near the riverside named Zizzi.
Found near Café Adriatic, the moderate priced pub, The Vaults, has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Enjoy family dining in Aromi pub in riverside. 5 out of 5 customer rating and kids are welcome.
The Cambridge Blue pub offers low-price Italian food, located near Café Brazil.
The Phoenix is located in the city centre and serves fast food. It has a rating of average.
The Wrestlers is a fast food low price family friendly restaurant located in the middle of the city.
In the riverside area, close to Express by Holiday Inn is The Rice Boat, serving Fast food.  It has a moderate price range and a customer rating 3 out of 5, not recommended for kids.
The Golden Curry Chinese food restaurant has an average customer rating and is located in Riverside near Café Rouge and has an average customer rating. It is not rated as family friendly.
Aromi is an average rated, family friendly pub in the riverside area.
The Eagle is in the high price range and located at the riverside. Average customer rating is 3 out of 5.
In riverside is located the Loch Fyne which serves English cuisine. It's near The Rice Boat and boasts high customer ratings.
A better option than Burger King is The Eagle, a 3-star coffee shop. Families can gather here for wine and cheese while spending more money than they would have at Burger King.
The Dumpling Tree is a coffee shop in the City Centre area near Café Sicilia. This coffee shop is child-friendly and has prices slightly higher than average.
The Olive Grove is a kid-friendly pub in Riverside. They serve moderately priced Italian food.
The high end coffee shop Wildwood is located close to the Ranch.
Near the Express by Holiday Inn, located along the riverside is a cheap not so family-friendly Fast food restaurant name The Rice Boat with average customer rating
The Wrestlers is an Indian restaurant in the high price range with an average customer rating. It is not children friendly.
The Vaults is a child friendly high priced venue with  English food .
The Waterman is a French restaurant which has a low customer rating for price range of less than £20
Strada is a child friendly establishment with a high end price range and a high rating.
There is Midsummer House, a Japanese food restaurant, near All Bar One. They have a high rating. The price is from £20 to £25.
Looking for a pub serving Indian food in the under £20 range in the city centre that is family friendly, then  The Olive Grove is for you.
Loch Fyne is along the riverside, and has a customer rating 1 of 5. It is near The Rice Boat that sells Japanese.
The Dumpling Tree is a restaurant that is not extremely expensive, but not extremely cheap.
A pub, Clowns, in the city centre has a high customer rating.  Price range is 20-25.
There is a highly rated and high priced Italian coffee shop located by the riverside called The Golden Palace
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop located near the riverside.  It has a low customer rating and serves Indian food for less than £20.
The Rice Boat is a moderately priced Indian restaurant with a customer rating of 3 out of 5, which offers a child-friendly riverside location near the Express by Holiday Inn.
One of the restaurants with a price range between £20 and £25 is Zizzi which is located on the riverside.
There is a lovely Japanese coffee shop named Cotto near The Portland Arms near the riverside with a high customer rating and an average price range.
Come to The Plough restaurant for lively entertainment and fantastic alcoholic beverages, No minors allowed. Conveniently located next to the Express by Holiday Inn
The Alimentum is a great dinning place near the Yippee Noodle Bar located in the centre of the city.
A coffee shop called The Golden Palace provides Japanese food. It has a price range of more than  £30 and a low customer rating. It is located in the city centre.
Near The Sorrento, in the riverside area, is a kid friendly pub called Taste of Cambridge.
The coffee shop The Wrestlers is located int he center of the city near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is not family-friendly, and the price range is 20 pounds.
Cocum is a kid friendly coffee shop that serves French food. It is affordable and has great reviews.
The Rice Boat is a Fast food restaurant based in the riverside area.
The Cricketers is a family-friendly pub located near Ranch. It has a low customer rating.
Fitzbillies, near The Six Bells,  has Japanese food and a price range of £20-25.
Customer rated low, Browns Cambridge has a price range less than 20 pounds.
In the high price range, The Wrestlers coffee Shop is a kid friendly restaurant located in the center of the city near Raja Indian Cuisine serves up Indian food.
Cotto is located by the riverside, near All Bar One. Its prices range from £20-25.
There is a kids friendly restaurant named The Vaults serving Japanese food in a moderate price range.
Midsummer House  is a poorly rated place that serves inexpensive Indian food near All Bar One.
Cotto is the place to go if you are looking for Japanese food. Located near Café Rouge its just the place to go.
There is a fast food restaurant called Alimentum that is medium priced and family friendly.
Blue Spice is in the centre of the city. It costs more than £30.
Loch Fyne has Chinese food near The Rice Boat in the riverside area. It has a low customer rating.
The Rice Boat serves French food in the city centre , has a customer rating of 3 out of 5, is within the high price range and is children friendly, situated near the Express by Holiday Inn
A child-friendly restaurant that offers Italian food in the riverside area is Giraffe.
The Phoenix is a cheap Fast food venue in riverside, rated 5 out of 5.
The Eagle coffee shop is near the Fast food restaurant, Burger King. With a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and a location on the riverside, their moderately priced food can't be beat.
There is a coffee shop called Cocum providing Indian food with cheap price range and also 5 out of 5 customer rating and it is family friendly.
Green Man in riverside is not children friendly, but is a high price range Italian food eatery  near All Bar One.
There is an expensive Indian food restaurant called The Waterman in the riverside area where children are not welcome. It has a 1 out of 5 customer rating.
The Golden Palace is a moderately priced Indian coffee shop with a 3 out of 5 customer rating located near the riverside.
The Golden Curry serves Chinese food, has an average customer rating,  and is family friendly.
There is a coffee shop serving Japanese food with a low customer rating and a high price range near Ranch called Wildwood.
A children friendly French food restaurant, Giraffe is located near the Riverside.
Strada is a 3 star, mid priced Café offering British food, it is family friendly. It is located close to the Rainbow Vegetarian Café
Alimentum is a all-American restaurant that is located in City Centre next to Yippee Noodle Bar.
Strada is an expensive restaurant and not highly recommended. Although, it is located a short distance from the Rainbow Vegetarian Café and is family friendly.
Browns Cambridge is on the riverside, serving French food. It is family friendly and found near The Sorrento.
In riverside there's a coffee shop, called Zizzi, that is child friendly but has a low customer rating and a price range of over £30.
There is an expensive French restaurant, on the riverside, called The Phoenix. It has a 3 out of 5 customer rating
Low cost French food is available in the riverside area at Alimentum. Families are welcome.
Near The Bakers there is a high priced restaurant that is children Friendly called The Golden Curry for great food.
Strada serves expensive fast food. It is located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café, is family-friendly, and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Located near Express by Holiday Inn in the city centre, The Rice Boat is not child friendly, has a high price range, and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Blue Spice provides fast food at a medium price, located just outside of the city center.
Located in riverside near Clare Hall, Bibimbap House serves Japanese food and has a moderate price range.
The Phoenix has French food at a moderate price in the riverside area with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
There is a moderate priced Italian food restaurant Loch Fyne  that is not family-friendly.
Browns Cambridge has Italian food at a price range of more than L30 and has a high customer Rating.
Bibimbap House is a fast food restaurant located in the city near The Rice Boat
An Affordable French food name Alimentum near Yippee Noodle Bar in Riverside has a customer rating 5 out 5.
The Golden Curry provides Chinese food Its customer rating is low.
The Eagle is a 3 star burger restaurant.
For cheap Fast food in riverside, try Bibimbap House near Clare Hall.
The Rice Boat is an average-rated French restaurant located at the riverside. The Rice Boat is not a family-friendly restaurant.
The Dumpling Tree near The Portland Arms is a family friendly pub that has French food.
Blue Spice is a low-priced restaurant north of the city centre that delivers take-away
In the city centre is a 1 out of 5 rated moderately, priced, adults-only French coffee shop called Fitzbillies.
Zizzi is a pub that serves UK breakfast and is also family friendly.
Loch Fyne is a 1 star Japanese restaurant located close to The Rice Boat. It is located in the city centre.
The Phoenix is located near the city centre and provides fast food.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop with prices less than £20. It is located on the riverside and serves Indian food. Customer rating is low.
Aromi is a coffee shop that provides fast food. It is located in city centre, has a low customer rating and is not family-friendly.
The Cricketers is a French coffee shop near The Portland Arms that has a customer rating of 5 out of 5, but, it is not family-friendly.
The Eagle, near Burger King, is a coffee shop that welcomes family and is rated three out of five stars.
Child friendly Strada has a high customer rating and a price range of more than £30.
The Waterman is a 5 out of 5 star customer rated Indian food pub located in the Riverside area.
There is a children friendly Chinese restaurant, The Rice Boat in riverside near the Express by Holiday Inn, with a high customer rating and a price range of more than E50.
The Wrestlers French food is average costing less than £20, but it is not family-friendly.
Located in the riverside area, near The Rice Boat, Loch Fyne offers Italian style cuisine rated 5 out of 5.
The Waterman is a pub with low customer rating, located in the city centre, that offers Fast food.
The Cricketers comes customer approved, they are located near Ranch and offer family friendly dining.
Cocum is an average priced coffee shop that serves French food. It is child friendly and has a high customer rating.
The Phoenix has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 stars and is high priced.
The Golden Palace is an Italian coffee shop near the city centre. It has a price range of less than 20 pounds, but has a low customer rating.
The Strada is a place for the family. It's an affordable place, it's rated 3 star. Very close to the Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
Cotto is a children friendly food place near the Ranch. It has a high rating.
The Waterman is a highly recommended low priced fast food  restaurant in Luton suitable for adults only.
In the city centre, Giraffe pub is family-friendly and serves Italian food.
A poorly-rated restaurant is Strada.
In the centre of the city near Yippee Noodle Bar is Italian restaurant Alimentum. It has one star and a high price range.
The Waterman, located on the river north of the City centre, is a 1-star pub serving Italian food.
Midsummer House is a French restaurant with a high customer rating located near All Bar One serving food with a price range 20-25L
Strada is a 3 star, mid priced Café offering British food, it is family friendly. It is located close to the Rainbow Vegetarian Café
Loch Fyne has been rated by customers as average. Loch Fyne serves Chinese food and is located near the city centre and The Rice Boat.
Green Man is high priced family restaurant located in th All Bar One.
The Mill is a pub providing French food in the less than £20 price range. It is located in the city centre.
The Waterman is a highly rated mid-priced burger and chips restaurant suitable for families.
Fitzbillies coffee shop, near the river, offers low-priced fare and is family-friendly.  It is highly-rated with five full stars.
Near Clare Hall in the riverside area, you will find Bibimbap House offering English food for £20 - 25.
Located by the margin of the river, next to Burger King, The Eagle is a family friendly, 3 star coffee shop that provides Japanese food for a low cost.
The Rice Boat has a average customer rating, is located in the city centre, is not family friendly and offers Chinese cuisine.
Cotto serves Chinese food near Café Rouge.
Serving Indian food, The Vaults has a cheap price range and is family friendly.
Cocum is a coffee shop with a high customer rating that serves Fast food. It is child friendly and has a price range of more than £30.
There is a Indian restaurant the Browns Cambridge that is both cheap and friendly with a customer rating of 5 out of 5
There is a one star restaurant Alimentum next to Yippee Noodle Bar.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop located in the city centre that serves Japanese food.
Fitzbillies is located near the Express by Holiday Inn.  This cheap, family friendly establishment has an average rating.
The Portland Arms is near kids friendly establishment called The Dumpling Tree.
There is a Japanese eatery called The Phoenix in the city centre. It has a high customer rating and their price range is £20-25.
Rated 1 out of 5, The Eagle serves Indian foods.
Cocum is a low cost coffee shop with a moderate customer rating and family friendly.
Alimentum is an Italian eatery located by the riverside. The price range is less than £20 but they are not family-friendly.
The Cricketers is a restaurant serving fast food near All Bar One
Loch Fyne is a restaurant that is located next to The Rice Boat.
Fitzbillies is a kids friendly Fast food coffee shop with a high customer rating in the riverside area, with prices ranging from £20-25.
The Wrestlers serves Indian food in the cheaper price range. It is family-friendly and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Dumpling Tree, which serves French food, is moderately priced.
The Phoenix serves Japanese cuisine  and is located around the riverside area.  The prices are high costing more than 30 pounds which gives it a low customer satisfaction score.
The Eagle is rated just one star out of five.
Browns Cambridge is rated 3 out of 5 by its customers. It offers English fare and is in the moderate price range.
Giraffe, a cheap restaurant, is located near The Six Bells.
Midsummer House is near All Bar One. They serve French food with prices ranging below 20 pounds and have an average customer rating.
Fitzbillies is a kids-friendly place with a high customer rating with a price range of £20-25 near Express by Holiday Inn
With low customer ratings, The Rice Boat has a price range of more than £30, and is near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
The Eagle is a low rated Japanese restaurant.
The Phoenix serves Italian food and has an average customer rating. It is located in the city centre.
The Punter sells high prices fast food
If your kids want fast food, try Taste of Cambridge coffee shop near the Crowne Plaza Hotel in riverside.
Fitzbillies Indian coffee shop is a cheap, family friendly and highly recommended place in the riverside area.
The Vaults is a coffee shop with a high customer rating near Café Brazil
There is a Japanese restaurant located near Clare Hall in city centre called Bibimbap House that cost 30 euros and up.
Next to the Express by Holiday Inn is The Rice Boat, a family friendly fast food restaurant.
The Plough is a fast food pub near Café Rouge with a moderate price range. It is not kids friendly.
There is a cheap price low customer rating pub Wildwood. They are in the city and they serve fast food.
If you're looking for a family-free restaurant, try out The Waterman. Located at the city centre, The Waterman offers cheap Japanese food. Rated 5 out of 5.
The highly-rated, but family-unfriendly The Rice Boat offers cheap Indian food at the city centre, near Express by Holiday Inn.
Hello, and welcome to the Alimentum. Our food is Japanese where we are located  at the riverside, our price range is moderate and we are not kid friendly.
The Phoenix offers moderately priced fast food in the centre of the city. It has received 3 out of 5 customer rating.
Near All Bar One in the city center is Green Man. They serve Italian food and not very child friendly, and its a tad pricey.
The Golden Curry is kids friendly  Café Rouge near riverside serving  French food as a rating of 1 out of 5
Taste of Cambridge is a family friendly pub in the riverside are near The Sorrento.
Cotto is an Indian restaurant with average customer ratings. It is a family friendly and near Ranch.
Located near The Portland Arms, Cotto is a coffee shop with decent low prices and a one star rating.
The Olive Grove is an Italian pub with a high price range in the city centre and it is not a child friendly zone.
Midsummer House serves French food near Café Rouge. It has a customer rating of  1 out of 5.
The Plough is a pub nearby the Café Rouge, that is cheap and ideal for singles.
There is a French restaurant called The Vaults which is not family-friendly with prices less than £20.
In the high price range, the Taste of Cambridge restaurant is rated by customers at 3 out of 5.
In city centre, The Rice Boat provides Indian food and family friendly with 5 out of 5 customer rating.
The Eagle is a coffee shop serving Indian food with a moderate price. It is located near Burger King along the riverside and is kids friendly. It  is rated 3 out of 5.
The Golden Curry is a French restaurant. Yes it's kid friendly. It is rated 1 out of 5.
The Twenty Two in the city center near The Rice Boat  is a moderate price restaurant and 1 out of 5 rating
There is child friendly perfect rated French coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area.  Its called Browns Cambridge.
Near Raja Indian Cuisine their is a coffee shop that is family friendly along the riverside named The Wrestlers which serves Italian food on a cheap price range.
Family friendly ,English food  The Twenty Two
In Riverside near Clare Hall an English place called Bibimbap House with a price range of more than 30 dollars.
You can find Italian food in the riverside area at Aromi. It is an averagely rated coffee shop that is not family-friendly.
The Eagle by the riverside, great value and customer rating.
Near Burger King in the city is a non children friendly Japanese coffee shop named The Eagle with a high price range and a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Green Man is a pub near Café Rouge in the city centre, serving English food.
Browns Cambridge on riverside area provides Chinese food. Near to The Sorrento, bring your family,and friends. Children are allowed.
A Chinese venue with a moderate price range and a 1 out of 5 customer rating near Rainbow Vegetarian Café is Strada. It is not kids friendly.
The Rice Boat serves Italian food, is kid friendly, near riverside, with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
There is a three-star venue called Travellers Rest Beefeater, near Café Adriatic. This venue is expensive.
Dine in at The Cambridge Blue restaurant, include cocktails at a reasonable price.
The kid friendly pub with Italian food near The Portland Arms is The Dumpling Tree.
There is a low rated coffee shop near The Portland Arms called The Cricketers.
Midsummer House sells Chinese food more than £30, has a high rating and is near All Bar One.
In the riverside area, located near the Express by Holiday Inn, The Rice Boat is a high priced Italian restaurant, that has a 1 out of 5 rating but is child friendly.
The Golden Curry is an affordable family friendly restaurant located near The Bakers.
Japanese food at pub Zizzi. Child friendly with a top customer rating of 5 out of 5.
There is a Japanese food eat type  restaurant  by the name of The Eagle that serves coffee near Burger King , it is is family friendly with a $20 or less price range.
Zizzi is a Japanese pub that is not a family-friendly. It has a great rating of 5 out 5 so it's definitely a place to stop at.
The coffee shop Aromi serves Japanese food. It is child friendly and can be found in the riverside area. It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge coffee shop on the river near Crowne Plaza Hotel offers 5 star pasta for family dining.
Low-rated Strada is a restaurant.
The coffee shop named Blue Spice in riverside is near Avalon and has a customer rating of high and a price range of more than £30.
Japanese food restaurant, The Rice Boat, with a customer rating 3 out of 5 is a children friendly place open in riverside.
In the riverside area is the Blue Spice. It is child friendly, has average customer ratings and is in a high price range.
Located near Café Brazil The Cambridge Blue pub has Italian in the moderate price range.
There is an Indian restaurant that is family friendly, with a high customer rating called The Golden Curry.
There is a kids friendly Chinese restaurant called Loch Fyne.
The Eagle has a high customer rating and average prices.  Serving Italian food in the riverside area, it is a coffee shop, located near Burger King.  It is not family-friendly.
There is a Chinese place in the riverside area called The Twenty Two. It is family-friendly.
There is a child friendly coffee shop called Zizzi located on the riverside.  Moderate price range with a 3 out of 5 customer rating.
Located on the river near Café Sicilia, The Dumpling Tree, a coffee shop, has high prices and lacks a family-friendly atmosphere.
Taste of Cambridge, is restaurant  located average less than £20
Close to the Yippee Noodle Bar is Alimentum located by the riverside. They have a price range of £20-25 and a high customer rating.
Bibimbap House is an Indian eatery with a high price range, near Clare Hall, in the city centre area.
Loch Fyne is a French restaurant near The Rice Boat in Riverside. It has a low customer rating.
You can find Japanese cuisine at The Wrestlers for less than 20 pounds per entree.  Please beware of an adult atmosphere with a low customer rating.
Near the Ranch is a kid friendly Pub called The Cricketers. They have a rating of 3 out of 5.
Fitzbillies near The Six Bells serves Japanese food for less than twenty pound.
The Plough near Café Rouge as a pub providing Fast food within a moderate price range is not kids friendly
Cocum is a coffee shop serving cheap Italian food.  It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 but is not family-friendly.
Strada is a restaurant with a high customer rating which offers Fast food located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café without a kids friendly atmosphere in the price range £20-25.
The Wrestlers is a whole foods restaurant with a one star rating, medium prices, and a family oriented environment.
The Green Man, located in the riverside area near All Bar One, is kid-friendly, has moderately competitive prices, and serves Italian food.
The Strada is a fast food pub located near the Yippee Noodle Bar.  It has average customer ratings.
The Dumpling Tree is a Japanese restaurant with a high price range.
Near All Bar One is a cheap Fast food restaurant called Midsummer House which has a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
Aromi is a fast food restaurant based in the city centre
There is a moderate priced restaurant The Waterman that provides Italian food in a kid friendly setting. It is poorly rated and located in the city centre.
Located near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café, The Rice Boat is a restaurant serving average priced food at a customer satisfaction of 3 out of 5 stars.
The Waterman is a pub that serves Chinese food with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 in the city centre.
Alimentum is a kid friendly, English, moderately priced restaurant in Riverside.
Cocum is a pub offering food but it is not child friendly. The price range is high but customers rate it 3 out of 5.
The French coffee shop with the low rating and high prices near Ranch is called Wildwood
The Golden Curry is a kids friendly French restaurant with high customer rating. It is located in the riverside area, near Café Rouge.
There is a pub called The Dumpling Tree that serves Chinese food, is kid-friendly, and is near The Portland Arms.
The Golden Curry has Fast food. It is not family-friendly and it has a low customer rating. It is in the area of riverside and near Café Rouge.
The Taste of Cambridge near The Sorrento in riverside is a family friendly pub.
The Golden Curry has a 5 out of 5 customer rating offering English food. Not family-friendly.
The Golden Curry provides Chinese food Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
The Vaults is an adult only cheap Japanese eatery
French cuisine pub Zizzi, has an average customer rating and is not considered family-friendly.
Blue Spice is a kid friendly coffee shop in the Riverside area near Avalon. It has moderate prices and a 1 out of 5 rating.
Zizzi is a coffee shop located in the city centre with a 3 out of 5 rating. It is not kid friendly and costs between £20-25.
The Fast food restaurant, The Dumpling Tree is averagely priced.
A Fast food restaurant known as The Phoenix is located in the riverside area with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Mill is a high priced pub offering Italian cuisine in Riverside.
The Cricketers is an Italian coffee shop near The Portland Arms, known for being kid friendly but having a rating of 1 out of 5
The Rice Boat is a great place with high rating with awesome English food in the area of riverside close to Express by Holiday Inn
Fitzbillies is a cheap, non-family friendly coffee shop that serves Indian food. They have an exceptional customer rating of 5 out of 5 and are in the riverside area.
There is a pub called Wildwood that serves Italian food at a price range above L20, with a high customer rating.
With a high customer rating, The Wrestlers is a French restaurant with a price range of £20-25 and is not kid friendly.
Browns Cambridge is located on the rivers banks in the city centre next to Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Wildwood is a coffee shop that serves Indian food for less than £20 with a low customer rating near Ranch.
The Punter, Fast food, cheap price range
The Cambridge Blue,  is an Italian restaurant that comes recommended from customers.
A coffee shop called Browns Cambridge provides Fast Food and is near the Crown Plaza Hotel. It is kids friendly and is by the riverside with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is low price coffee shop serving Japanese food Located in riverside with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 but not kids-friendly
Browns Cambridge is a highly rated English restaurant with moderate pricing.
The Wrestlers serves cheap English food. It is family friendly and receives average ratings.
You can find a French restaurant near the Express by Holiday Inn right at the riverside named The Rice Boat, it's not great for kids and a meal costs £20-25.
Near All Bar One there is Midsummer House that has Indian food. The customer ratings are average and the price is cheap.
The Golden Curry is located near Café Rouge in Riverside and serves Chines food. It has a low customer rating
Fitzbillies is near Rainbow Vegetarian Café with a price range of £20-25.
There is an expensive Italian restaurant in the city centre called The Waterman. They have an average rating, but are children friendly.
The Dumpling Tree is a sit-down type restaurant serving Fast food less than 20
Giraffe is children friendly  coffee shop . Its high-priced  and  average- rated  near by The Bakers.
Cocum is an average family friendly pub with prices less than 20.
Alimentum is based in the city centre near to Yippee Noodle Bar, it serves French food for a high price and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5
The Punter is a mid range Japanese coffee shop with low customer ratings. It is family friendly and is located near Café Sicilia.
With prices over £30,  children friendly and a high customer rating, Strada is the place to be.
The Waterman, located in riverside, serves moderately priced Chinese food rated 1 out of 5 stars.
Fitzbillies, located near The Six Bells, is a fast food restaurant with a price range if less than £20.
The Plough is a moderate price Ranged restaurant. The Plough is located near The Bakers and is not kid friendly.
The Phoenix offers English food at a range of £20-25 and is located in the city centre,
Loch Fyne is a family friendly restaurant that serves Fast food.
Fitzbillies is a kid-friendly, fast food, £20-25 price range, high customer rating coffee shop located next to a river
The Eagle is a family friendly coffee shop also serving fast food in riverside near Burger King and has been rated 5 out of 5.
Green Man is a family-friendly French restaurant with a price range for less than £20 and is located in the city centre near the All Bar One.
Chinese food is served at The Rice Boat located at the riverside which has an average customer rating. It is not family friendly.
With a customer rating of 5 out of 5, Fitzbillies coffee shop provides cheap Fast food and is family friendly. It is situated by the riverside.
Looking for a high rated restaurant Italian restaurant for more than £30 check out Browns Cambridge
A coffee shop called The Mill has products in the high price range. You can find it next to The Sorrento.
The Vaults is a medium price sushi service for families.
Alimentum, in riverside, serves Indian food at moderate prices. It is kid friendly.
In the city centre near Avalon there is a coffee shop with moderate prices and a 1 out of 5 customer rating.  It's called Blue Spice and is not kid friendly.
Cotto serves fast food and is near Café Rouge
In the riverside area near Café Sicilia there is a children friendly coffee shop called The Dumpling Tree. It is in the higher price range of more than £30.
The Rice Boat serves expensive Chinese food. It's located in the city centre, near Express by Holiday Inn. It's not child-friendly and has an average customer rating.
The Golden Palace is a Japanese coffee shop with a 5 out of 5 customer rating and is cheap to eat. It is situated by the riverside.
There's a kid friendly Italian eatery called The Golden Curry with rating of 3 out of 5.
Near The Portland Arms you can find a pub which serves English food called The Dumpling Tree.  It is child friendly.
The Vaults is an adult oriented low priced Japanese eatery.
Children friendly pub, called  The Olive Grove on the riverside area serves Japanese food in price range of more than £30.
Riverside area French food coffee shop is  The Golden Palace positive customer feedback above average prices.
The Punter near Café Sicilia is a coffee shop serving Japanese food with a low customer rating. It costs more than £30 and is not child friendly.
Aromi has a average customer rating, they have Japanese food and is a family-friendly coffee shop. Its located in the city center.
Cocum is a coffee shop with Japanese food for under £20.  It isn't family-friendly and has a low customer rating.
A highly recommended five star pub the Wildwood, providing drinks.
The Golden Palace is a cheap Italian coffee shop with 5 out of 5 customer ratings.
The Punter is a high end  adult only coffee shop located near Café Sicilia featuring high priced Japanese food
Near The Six Bells, The Fitzbillies has a high price range for Italian food.
Despite its low customer rating of 1 out of 5 and child friendly environment, The Rice Boat,  near the Express by Holiday Inn, located in the city centre, provides Chinese food at a high price range.
Blue Spice is a moderately priced fine dining restaurant just outside the city center.
The Vaults is cheap near Café Brazil in city centre it is a coffee shop  and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Browns Cambridge has Italian food and is not family-friendly. It is located in the city centre near The Sorrento.
The Vaults is a moderately priced English restaurant. They are not kid friendly.
The Plough, pub near Café Rouge, supplies Chinese food with a high price range. Not Child friendly.
Strada is a average dine in or take out restaurant near Rainbow Vegetarian Café. Cheaply priced and family friendly.
Near The Rice Boat in the riverside area is the kid friendly The Twenty Two that has a high customer rating and is in the £20 - £25 price range.
The Cambridge Blue is an inexpensive Chinese Pub near Café Brazil.
For a low price The Mill is a nice pub that offers both food and drink.
3 out of 5 is a high rating. The coffee shop by the riverside has Japanese food. The restaurant is The Golden Palace.
Near the Ranch you can find the 5 out of 5 rated. family friendly venue called Cotto where they sell English food.
Rated 3 out of 5, the coffee shop Fitzbillies serves Japanese food at a moderate price. It is located near the riverside and is adult oriented.
The Punter sells Japanese food that cost over 30 euros.
Blue Spice coffee shop, located near Avalon, may have a low rating, but it is child friendly, high priced, and has a riverside view.
Blue Spice is a cheap English food place in riverside.
Located near Café Sicilia is Italian coffee shop The Punter. The Punter is child friendly location  that is priced low, less than  £20. restaurant is customer rated low.
The Waterman is a Japanese style pub in riverside with a customer rating of 3 out of 5
The Golden Curry is an average kid friendly English restaurant.
With 3 out of 5 stars The Golden Curry is a great French restaurant
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop next to Crowne Plaza Hotel with food and drink.
A few steps of Café Adriatic, there is a cheap pub  with an average rating called The Vaults.
Clowns is a high rated French coffee shop located in the city center near Clare Hall.
An Indian in the riverside area priced at more than £30 is known as Blue Spice
The Dumpling Tree restaurant is in the moderate price range. They serve Italian food.
Zizzi is a pub that offers Indian cuisine.  It has a high customer rating, and has been found to be kid-friendly.
Near Café Rouge by the riverside, a family friendly restaurant named The Golden Curry has a low customer rating.
The Eagle is a French coffee shop near to riverside and Burger King. It is kid friendly, has an average price range and a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Punter is a family friendly coffee shop, located near Café Sicilia. It also serves sushi.
near Express by Holiday Inn is a French serving restaurant called The Rice Boat. Low price range around £20 and has average customer ratings. Not suitable for families.
Fitzbillies, is children friendly with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and is located in the riverside area. This coffee shop serves Japanese food and is in the high price range.
customer rating 3 out of 5, area riverside, kids-friendly no, price Range moderate , food English,name The Rice Boat , near Express by Holiday Inn.
The Vaults provides Fast food that is more than £30 and is children friendly.
The Aromi pub is highly rated.  It is located in City Centre and doesn't allow children.
The Golden Palace is a high priced restaurant that is near the river north of the city centre.
Child friendly Clowns is a venue located near Café Sicilia.  Its price range is over £30.
The family-friendly, Italian food coffee shop, Taste of Cambridge, is located in the city centre near the Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Near the Crowne Plaza Hotel is a fast food place called The Waterman, which is children friendly.
Strada is a low customer rated, pub near the Yippee Noodle Bar that sells French food
Located near The Bakers, and priced at less than 20 pounds, The Golden Curry is family friendly.
City centre coffee shop best suited for adults with average customer rating in high price range, Fitzbillies serves fast food.
Rated 3 out of 5 and priced in the higher margin The Phoenix is a Japanese eatery located near Riverside.
With a rating of 1 out of 5 the Browns Cambridge serves French food with a moderate price.
A good Japanese restaurant is The Dumpling Tree, and the food is less than £20.
Near Yippee Noodle Bar is a pub called Strada. It serves Fast food and has a high customer rating.
The Eagle is a cheap coffee shop in the center of town, near Burger King, that serves moderately-rated Indian dishes in a family-friendly environment.
Cotto is a Chinese restaurant close to Ranch with a high customer rating and also is kid friendly.
The Rice Boat is an English restaurant in city centre. They are family-friendly and highly rated.
With a high price range, The Mill is a pub by a riverside in the City centre.
The Eagle is a kid friendly Japanese coffee shop with a price range typically between £20-2. It has a high customer rating and is located in the city centre near Burger King.
Visit Browns Cambridge for 5 out of 5 family friendly service, and Italian food in the coffee shop. By the riverside, near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Located in riverside near Rainbow Vegetarian Café, The Golden Palace is a cheap pub.
Cotto is an Indian coffee shop located in the city centre close by to The Portland Arms.  The price is less than 20, but the customer rating is low.
Bibimbap House sells Japanese food in the city centre near Clare Hall. Prices are expensive.
Aromi is a child friendly Japanese coffee shop near the river with an excellent customer rating.
The Golden Palace is a modest price Range coffee shop that serves Japanese food. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and is located in the riverside area.
If you need a child-friendly venue then you could try Zizzi. It is a pub which serves Japanese food and has a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
Cocum, a Japanese coffee shop,that is family oriented, with a price range of L20-25, with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Aromi coffee shop has Indian foods but it is rated 1 out of 5 it sits in the riverside district and is children friendly.
The Cricketers coffee shop near The Portland Arms has a customer rating of 1 out of 5, it is child friendly and serves French food.
3 out of 5 star pub style restaurant The Cricketers offers child friendly atmosphere near Ranch.
The Rice Boat serves Japanese cuisine in the low price range. It has low customer ratings and is not family friendly. It is located in the city centre near the riverside area. There is an Express by Holiday Inn close by.
The Golden Curry is kids friendly French restaurant near The Bakers with price range 20 to 25 pounds. £ 20-25 is price range in The Golden Curry, children friendly restaurant.
The Bakers has a children friendly restaurant nearby called The Plough. It has some high prices.
The Waterman is a none family-friendly cheap English restaurant in the city centre with an average customer rating.
The Eagle is located in the riverside area.  Customers rate The Eagle as average.  Pricing for this restaurant is cheap.
Located near All Bar One, Midsummer House is an expensive sushi restaurant.
The Punter is a restaurant in city centre near The Portland Arms. They offer a kid friendly environment with a moderately priced menu.
The Olive Grove is an average priced pub that serves Indian food. It is located in Riverside and is kids friendly.
The Wrestlers is a low priced restaurant for families with a 1-star rating.
The Asian Cuisine, family friendly restaurant, The Rice Boat, is an affordable place that is conveniently next to the Express by Holiday Inn
Zizzi is  a children friendly pub which has been rated 3 on a scale of 5 by its customers for its Japanese offerings.
The kid friendly restaurant with Japanese food and a price range of £20-25 is Loch Fyne.
Located near Clare Hall in the riverside area is Clowns which is a coffee shop serving Italian food and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
A cheap Italian restaurant  The Rice Boat is near the Express by Holiday Inn. It's family-friendly with an average rating.
The Waterman serves Japanese food and has a high customer rating. It is not child friendly and has a price range of £20-25.
Fitzbillies is located at the riverside area. Not a child friendly restaurant. They have a low star rating.
In the center of the city near Clare Hall, there is a high-end English restaurant named Bibimbap House.
The Wildwood pub offering fast food at low prices has been rated very high.
The Wrestlers is a family-friendly fast food and coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre where you can eat for less than £20
Near the river with wonderful views, The Golden Palace serves Japanese food in a coffee shop, at exclusive prices with high ratings.
There is a non child friendly English restaurant in the riverside area that has a price range of 20-25 and a high customer rating named The Waterman.
The Olive Grove caters to children. It is a Chinese pub by the riverside that costs more than £30 per meal.
The Rice Boat, located in the riverside area has average customer views. The child friendly restaurant serves English food.
Aromi is in the riverside area and serves French food.
Wildwood is a coffee shop offering Indian food for more than the average cost. It has a high customer rating and is near Ranch.
Loch Fyne serves Italian food.  It is located in the riverside area near The Rice Boat, and has a lower customer rating.
The Phoenix provides Indian food in the high price range. It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Wildwood is a low-priced pub which prepares delicious meals
The Cambridge Blue is and Italian restaurant with a high rating.
The Golden Palace is an Italian coffee shop located by the river in the City centre.
The Cambridge Blue is a pub near Café Brazil. The pub has an average price range for their English food dishes.
Alimentum is a riverside, child friendly, Japanese restaurant. It has highly priced food.
The Phoenix is an English food outlet in the city centre area, with a low customer rating.
The Rice Boat is a cheap Japanese restaurant located in the city centre near Express by Holiday Inn. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is not family-friendly.
There is an English restaurant named The Phoenix in riverside. It has an average customer rating.
The Dumpling Tree is a pub near The Portland Arms.  It is children friendly and provides fast food.
Giraffe is a pub-style restaurant  that provides Chinese food near the city centre. It is not family-friendly.
Customer rating 5 out of 5. Near All Bar One, cheap Chinese food, Midsummer House.
The Eagle is a fast food restaurant with a high rating.
In the city centre is the English food restaurant called The Phoenix. It has a customer rating of low.
Cotto is located in City centre, near The Portland Arms. It is an expensive coffee shop with a mid-range rating.
There is a child-friendly pub called Taste of Cambridge near The Sorrento in riverside.
Cocum has a high rating and is not kid friendly. It has a price range of 20 to 25, and is a French coffee shop.
Located by the riverside, near Café Rouge, The Golden Curry serves up French cuisine.  Though it has a low customer rating, yes it is child friendly.
Located next to Yippee Noodle Bar is a fair-priced venue called Alimentum.
Located by the riverside area, The Olive Grove pub offers inexpensive food but is not considered family-friendly.
Near Ranch there is a Chinese restaurant called Cotto, it has  a high customer rating and is kid friendly.
At the riverside near The Sorrento, there is Browns Cambridge that serves French food and is children friendly.
Cocum is a high priced pub rated 3 out of 5 by customers, but yes it is children friendly
Zizzi is a kids friendly Japanese pub with customer ratings of 3 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a family friendly coffee shop. They are located by the riverside and a 3 out of 5 star rating.
The Twenty Two serves Japanese food on the riverside while being children friendly.
price Range is £20-25, name The Punter, food is Italian
Cocum is a Japanese highly priced and lowly rated coffee shop . It is not children friendly.
A low rated coffee shop near Burger King and the riverside that is called The Eagle and is family friendly and is less than £20 for Japanese food.
The Eagle is an expensive, child-friendly Japanese coffee shop located in the city centre, near Burger King. It receives low customer ratings.
With a cheap rice range  and Fast food, Loch Fyne is a family friendly restaurant.
Cotto is an Italian restaurant which is located near Café Rouge.
Loch Fyne in a family style restaurant for a great cost
Browns Cambridge is an average rated Japanese coffee shop located near the Crowne Plaza Hotel. Situated on the riverside, Browns Cambridge is not family-friendly.
coffee shop Aromi serves Indian cuisine by the riverside. It is family friendly and is highly regarded.
Alimentum is a 3 star restaurant that provides Japanese food. The restaurant is located next to Yippee Noodle Bar.
The Eagle is a highly rated child friendly coffee shop offering Indian food for more than £30.   They are located on the riverside near Burger King
The Taste of Cambridge is a kids friendly coffee shop serving Italian food.  it is located in the riverside area near the Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Child friendly restaurant Strada, has high customer ratings and prices range from £20-£25.
Fitzbillies serves French food in the moderate price range.  They are located near The Six Bells.
There is a moderately priced Italian pub in the City Centre named The Olive Grove. It is not children friendly.
The riverside area has an average customer rating. It's also very family friendly, has wonderful Japanese food, and coffee shops. It's name is Aromi.
The Waterman is a Indian food restaurant in riverside, with high price Range is children friendly, and has a customer Rating of 1 out of 5.
The Strada pub near Yippee Noodle Bar, which offers French food, has an average rating.
This riverside coffee shop is a must try. The Vaults is a riverside coffee shop near Café Brazil
The Waterman is an English restaurant that has a 1 out of 5 rating.
Browns Cambridge serves Italian style food in a coffee shop and is not family-friendly . It is near Crowne Plaza Hotel and in the riverside area and has average customer ratings
Cotto, found near The Portland Arms, serves one star Pasta at a high price range.
Strada is a 5 star rated expensive child friendly place.
The Mill is a coffee shop  in the centre of the city. It is located near The Sorrento. It offers fast food in the price range less than £20.
Serving Chinese foods, rated 5 out of 5, The Golden Curry is not family friendly.
The Eagle is a coffee shop that offers wine tasting that is very good and fairly inexpensive located near the Burger King.
The Cricketers is an average rated children friendly coffee shop, located near The Portland Arms, it serves Italian food .
Travellers Rest Beefeater is a 5 stars restaurant near Café Adriatic in the city centre.
The Wrestlers is a great place for families to get a medium priced meal.
The Golden Curry Italian restaurant near Café Rouge in riverside has a low customer rating, and it is not family-friendly.
Blue Spice, in the riverside area, is family friendly with low prices but also a low customer rating
The Twenty Two Located in city center serving Japanese Food no family-friendly
Bibimbap House serves English food near The Rice Boat in the city centre.
The Wrestlers is a moderate price ranged coffee shop located near Raja Indian Cuisine in City centre and is not family friendly.
Cotto is an Indian coffee shop with a high customer rating. They are located in the city centre nearby The Portland Arms and have a price range of more than £30.
The Rice Boat is children friendly Italian restaurant with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 that's near the riverside.
Loch Fyne is a non kid friendly Italian restaurant with a moderate price range.
The Punter serves cheap Chinese food.
The Cambridge Blue is a one star restaurant.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop that serves Japanese food located in the city centre with a price range of more than  £30 and a low customer rating.
Clowns, located near Café Sicilia, is not kid friendly but has a moderate price range.
Cotto is a coffee shop that offers 3 star food and wine for a modest price. Located inside of The Portland Arms.
Close to All Bar One is the Midsummer House. This restaurant is in the high price range.
On the riverside there is a restaurant priced £20-£25 called Zizzi
There is a coffee shop that serves Japanese food named Clowns that is in the area of riverside and is located near Clare Hall. It has an average rating of 3 out of 5.
Family friendly Indian coffee shop is Cocum, low rated, less than 20 and low customer rating.
The Twenty Two is a kids friendly, Japanese restaurant.
Near The Portland Arms in the riverside area is the kid friendly, averagely priced The Punter.
The Dumpling Tree is a Pub at The Portland Arms not for family's and has good food
The Golden Curry has an average customer rating and serves Italian food. This restaurant is not family-friendly
Browns Cambridge offers a variety, of low end fare at a low end price
Blue Spice is a moderately-priced Indian restaurant located by the riverside,
Try The Golden Curry for family friendly Indian food, low satisfaction rating. They are near Café Rouge in the city center.
Wildwood is a high price coffee shop with Indian food. It is located near Ranch.
Taste of Cambridge is a coffee shop that is children friendly that serves Indian food and is near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Cotto is a nice place fast food, located near Ranch, with a large clentele and a lovely family atmosphere
The Olive Grove is a pricey pub, serving Chinese food in the city centre. They are able to accommodate for children.
In the city centre near The Portland Arms there is a non family-friendly food venue called The Punter, it has an a  less than £20 price range.
The Chinese restaurant The Vaults is not family friendly and serves food for less than £20.
Green Man serves French food in the riverside area near All Bar One.  It is not children friendly and the prices are over £30.
No, Zizzi is Fast food with pub low rank
The Mill a low budget pub on a riverside serving Italian food.
The Waterman serves French food in city centre. They are moderate priced and have a customer rating of 1 out of 5. They are not kid friendly.
In Riverside near Café Adriatic. There is a low rated restaurant Travellers Rest Beefeater. It is in the less than 20 price range.
Wildwood restaurant has a low customer Rating and is located  near Café Rouge.
There is a great high range restaurant called Blue Spice, however they are children friendly in a quiet spot in Riverside that has only been given an average customer rating.
Zizzi is a pub that serves Italian food with low reviews and is for adults.
There is a moderately priced coffee shop called The Golden Palace, located on the riverside, that serves French food and has a poor customer rating.
Blue Spice is low price coffee shop Located in riverside with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 but not children-friendly
The Cricketers is an average rated pub with a children-friendly atmosphere located near Ranch.
English restaurant, Browns Cambridge, is located in the city centre by The Sorrento and is more geared towards adults.
Near The Portland Arms, The Dumpling Tree is a pub with Japanese food and is kid friendly.
The Sorrento area of Riverside has a pub named Taste of Cambridge that is not family-friendly.
Alimentum is a low price range restaurant located on the riverside, near Yippee Noodle Bar. It is rated in average. They serve English food.
The Cambridge Blue pub is near the Café Brazil, which serves Japanese food with a cheap price range.
Strada is child friendly with a price range more than £30 and a high customer rating. Strada  serves Fast food and is near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
Loch Fyne is a Japanese restaurant that is aimed towards adults and the prices are more than £30.
The Waterman has a price range of £20-25 and is kids friendly.
Aromi, a cute pub is located in Riverside  with high ratings and children friendly.
Family friendly Giraffe coffee shop, located near The Bakers. they have an excellent review, with value prices.
Green Man is a children friendly high-priced Indian food restaurant located in the city centre area near All Bar One.
The Wrestlers provides Indian food in the cheap price range. Its customer rating is average.
Alimentum is an expensive English restaurant located near the Yippee Noodle Bar in the city centre. Customers have given it a high rating.
The Plough is a family friendly Japanese pub with prices less than £20. They are near Café Rouge.
Located right on the river, The Phoenix has a low-priced menu.
A family-friendly restaurant is located  near The Sorrento in city centre.  It has Italian food and is called Browns Cambridge.
In the city centre area is the coffee shop The Golden Palace serving French food at less than £20 and with a average customer rating.
The Waterman is child friendly and has an average customer rating. They serve high-priced Fast food in the riverside area.
There is a high priced coffee shop called The Eagle located in the city centre near Burger King. It serves Indian food, has a customer rating of 1 out of 5, and is not child friendly.
Located on the river side is an English pub called The Mill with decent prices.
Cocum is a coffee shop that offers fast food. It is family-friendly. Customer Ratings are average. It is located in the city center. The food is cheap.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop that serves fast food in a cheap price range. It is located near the city centre and it has a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
The Rice Boat is a late night high end Fast food chain with a highly praised reputation located in the Riverside by Express by Holiday Inn
Giraffe is a coffee shop that is family friendly in the less than 20 Euros in The Bakers area with low customers ratings.
There is an Indian coffee shop named Cotto that is near The Portland Arms in city centre.  They have a low customer rating, but the price range is less than 20.
The Golden Curry is a five star family friendly restaurant. It is located outside of the City Centre near to Café Rouge.
There is a pub named Giraffe that is family friendly. They serve English food. It is located near riverside.
The Vaults is an American, family oriented not too expensive place to eat.
For meals less than £20 you can visit Alimentum. A family friendly restaurant serving Chinese.
Zizzi is a child friendly coffee shop on the riverside. They have a high price range and has a rating of 1 out of 5
The Waterman offers French food. It is unfriendly to families. Near Crowne Plaza Hotel
Aromi, a non family-friendly, Italian coffee shop in the city centre area has an average customer rating.
The Rice Boat provides Indian food It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is low.
The Rice Boat sells cheap Fast food, it is family friendly and has a 5 out of 5 customer rating. It is located neat Express by Holiday Inn and is by the riverside.
The Bibimbap House is near The Rice Boat and the city centre and serves English food.
Cocum is a kids friendly pub with a price range of £20-£25 and customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Cotto is a 1-star Caféteria is next to The Portland Arms, located in the city center.
Italian restaurant, Browns Cambridge, is a moderate 1 out of 5.
The Punter is an Italian coffee shop, located near Café Sicilia. They have average customer reviews and they are kid friendly.
The Eagle, located near Burger King in the city centre, is a non kid friendly Italian coffee shop with a high price range and a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café is the Strada, which has a price range less then 20 pounds, is family friendly, serves Japanese, and has an average customer rating.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop that provides Indian food at a moderate price. It is located near the Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside are and no it is not kids friendly
Come to pub near the Ranch named The Cricketers.   It has an amazing rating of 1 out of 5. yes, it is Children friendly.
Near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre is The Wrestlers a coffee shop with Italian food. It is moderately-priced and is not kid friendly.
Near the riverside area with price range £20-25 Blue Spice serves English food.
The Aromi pub in the city centre is family-friendly with a low customer rating.
Alimentum near Yippee Noodle Bar in city centre serves English food for less than £20. Low customer rating.
Strada is not family friendly but has low prices.
The Green Man in the city centre has moderate prices. It's a no for kids.
Cocum, a sushi bar and a coffee shop for a night out at a fairly moderate price.
The Punter, a high priced Fast food coffee shop with a customer rating of 1 out of 5, is located near Café Sicilia, and is child friendly.
By  the riverside you can eat at Fitzbillies, a French coffee shop. This coffee shop is family friendly and costs less than  £20 with a low customer rating.
The Phoenix serves cheese and wine.
A moderately rated English restaurant near Ranch is called Cotto. They are kid friendly.
Taste of Cambridge is an average restaurant offering meals for less than £20.
The Mill serves Japanese food in a city centre pub. It is Moderately priced.
The Twenty Two is not family-friendly and provides low customer ratings with a price range less than less than £20; it is in the Riverside area near The Rice Boat.
The Cricketers is a coffee shop near The Portland Arms. It serves Indian and has an average customer rating. It is family friendly.
At less than £20, people--not family friendly--can eat at Loch Fyne for a great Indian restaurant experience.
Near the river is a less expensive coffee shop called The Golden Palace.
There is an average, kid-friendly Indian coffee shop in the city centre named Aromi.
Customers give the cheap English food of The Phoenix an average rating. It is in the city centre.
There is a highly rated Indian restaurant in the city centre called The Phoenix.
Clowns restaurant is located near Café Sicilia with a price range of more than 30lb is not children friendly.
Zizzi is a family friendly pub that serves Indian food with a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
Taste of Cambridge is a pub located near The Sorrento area in the city centre. This is not a family-friendly venue.
The Phoenix is a 3 out of 5 customer rated Japanese restaurant with a price range of £20-25 in riverside.
A coffee shop with French food and an average rating called the Browns Cambridge is located in the city center near Crowne Plaza Hotel. They are family-friendly.
The Wrestlers is children friendly have high price range, 3 out of 5 customer rating. It providing Japanese food
The Wildwood restaurant received a rating of 1 out of 5.  it is located near Café Rouge.
The Olive Grove is a pub in the riverside area. The food is cheaply priced English food. Families are welcome.
There is a non family-friendly coffee shop called Browns Cambridge located near Crowne Plaza Hotel in Riverside, they also serve Japanese food with a rating of 5 out of 5.
In the riverside area near Clare Hall sits a coffee shop serving French food named Clowns with a 3 out of 5 customer rating.
A high priced pub with an average customer rating offering fast food is called Wildwood.
Even if it's not family-friendly, if you are searching for a coffee shop near the riverside and Crowne Plaza Hotel, Taste of Cambridge is a great place to go to.
The Golden Curry, near The Bakers, serves Japanese food and is family friendly. They have a mid price range.
Near The Portland Arms, on the riverside, you can find the Cotto Italian coffee shop. It is rated 3 out of 5 and the price range is moderate.
If you fancy some French food near Café Rouge in the city centre, then come to The Golden Curry a non family-friendly establishment with an average customer rating.
The Phoenix rates highly for English food within the riverside area.
The Dumpling Tree is a  pub offering Italian food in a childless atmosphere located near The Portland Arms.
The Punter, located near Café Sicilia, is a coffee shop which serves Indian food at  a respectable price of £20-25. While this place is not kid friendly, it has still received high customer ratings.
There is a child friendly Japanese restaurant on the riverside called The Twenty Two.
Cotto is a child friendly Japanese restaurant with an average customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is near the Ranch
Browns Cambridge offers fast food at the average price of £20 or less. It is rated low with customers.
Green Man has cheap Fast food and is family friendly. It is located on the riverside near All Bar One.
Fitzbillies is in the city centre, close to The Six Bells, It serves Italian food and is moderately priced.
The Alimentum has cheap fast food with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.  It is located near Yippee Noodle Bar in the city centre.
Next to the river there is an English pub called the Giraffe, however it is not suitable for families.
The Golden Curry is children friendly serves Italian food and is rated high.
The Olive Grove is a high priced Indian pub. They are located in the city centre and are not family friendly.
The Dumpling Tree is an Italian restaurant with a moderate price range.
The Rice Boat is an average restaurant in the city.
The Taste of Cambridge restaurant has a price range of more than 30. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
French average rated coffee shop in the city center where you pay less than £20. The Eagle, non family, near Burger King.
The Green Man is a cheap Italian style restaurant suitable for families that is located close to All Bar One.
Cotto offers Indian Food in an average price range. It is children friendly and located near Ranch.
In the city centre there is a coffee shop with Japanese food named The Wrestlers. It costs more than £30 and is located near Raja Indian Cuisine, and it is not child friendly.
An Indian food place with an average customer rating is The Eagle.
The Punter is a high priced Indian coffee shop located near Café Sicilia.
Clowns, a coffee shop near Clare Hall area of the city centre has a low customer rating
The Waterman provides low-priced food for your family. It is located in the city centre.
Midsummer House is a fast food restaurant that is located near Café Rouge.
It may have a low customer rating but The Golden Curry is children friendly, providing French food.
Blue Spice is near the city centre area.  Not children friendly.  High price range.  3 out of 5 customer rating.
Fitzbillies is a moderate- priced coffee shop in the city centre that serves Japanese food is kids friendly. 1 out of 5
The Twenty Two is a family-friendly Low price  restaurant located near The Rice Boat In city centre, customer rating is low.
The Cricketers is located near The Portland Arms. It is a coffee shop serving fast food, and is child friendly with a high customer rating
The Wrestlers is a Chinese restaurant which is not child friendly and has a moderate price range. The customer rating is 3 out of 5.
The Plough is a pub that serves Chinese food and is not family friendly but has a price range of less than £20, located near Café Rouge.
Near Burger King in Riverside there is an Indian coffee shop called The Eagle. It has a price range of 20-25, is not kid friendly, and has a high customer rating.
The Golden Curry is a family friendly restaurant in the riverside area near Café Rouge that serves English food and has a low customer rating.
The Eagle is a moderately priced, kid friendly coffee shop that offers Fast food.   Located in riverside near Burger King, they have an average customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Waterman restaurant has a Japanese theme and  is a one star, low priced, adult oriented eatery near the river.
The Golden Curry is a family friendly  restaurant that provides fast food. The restaurant is located next to Café Rouge.
The Loch Fyne is near the Indian restaurant, The Rice Boat. It receives average ratings and near the riverside.
There is a coffee shop offering Japanese food with a price range more than £30. It is called The Golden Palace and is located riverside. It has a low customer rating.
The Vaults serves burgers and fries.
The expensive English Pub, The Plough, is near Café Rouge but it is not children friendly.
Browns Cambridge is coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city center that offers fast food, is not family-friendly and has a low customer rating.
Loch Fyne is a cheaply priced family-friendly restaurant that serves English food.
There is an English food restaurant called The Punter with a price range of £20-25.
The Golden Curry serves Chinese food, in riverside near Café Rouge,  with customer Rating 3 out of 5, and it's a kids Friendly place.
Near the city center is The Rice Boat a family-friendly venue with French food rated by customers as a 5 out of 5.
The Phoenix serves Indian food. Located in the city centre area, it has an average customer rating.
Loch Fyne is a Chinese restaurant. It is not family friendly
The Vaults is a cheap price range and family friendly Chinese restaurant.
Japanese place Alimentum with rating 3 out  of 5, located at the riverside near Yippee Noodle Bar, offers deals of £20-25 price range.
Aromi is a family friendly coffee shop near the riverside that serves Indian food and has a 5 star rating.
Near The Rice Boat within the City Centre is the Bibimbap House. They serve Indian food.
In riverside, near All Bar One, Green Man serves French food, has a more than £30 price range and is kid friendly.
A low  rated The Phoenix in the riverside area serves Italian food with less than £20.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop serving Indian food. They are cheap, have a 5 out of 5 customer rating, in the riverside area and are not family friendly.
North of the City center. is an Italian, family friendly restaurant  called The Waterman.
The Twenty Two is a moderately priced three star family restaurant nearby The Rice Boat and the city centre.
Green Man is a highly priced child friendly Italian venue  by the riverside near All Bar One
English food and child friendly at The Golden Curry - with a great customer rating.
Cotto is a coffee shop serves Italian food. It is in moderate price range and customer rating is 1 out of 5.  Cotto coffee shop is placed near The Portland Arms.
Must visit Midsummer House. Very near to the All Bar One. It's a good place but very expensive.
Enjoy a great meal for breakfast at Fitzbillies near The Six Bells
A 5 out of 5 customer-rated restaurant, The Phoenix, serves Chinese food in the city centre.
The Waterman is a pub providing Japanese cuisine with a rating of 3 out of 5 by customers. It is located in riverside.
Loch Fyne is a restaurant which offers Italian food at moderate prices and is kids Friendly.
Fitzbillies coffee shop and Indian near the riverside is highly customer rated. At around £20-£25 it isn't kid friendly.
The Olive Grove is a low-priced family bar located north from the city centre.
Zizzi is a non family-friendly pub serving Japanese food with an average customer rating.
Near The Bakers is a restaurant called The Plough with prices less than £20.   They are not conducive for a family.
The Punter coffee shop has a 3 star rating and offers higher pricing. It serves Italian food, is family friendly, and is located near Café Sicilia.
The Dumpling Tree is a restaurant serving Japanese food with a price range of between £20-25
The riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel has a family friendly coffee shop called Browns Cambridge. The shop has a five star rating and offers Indian cuisine.
The Eagle near Burger King in the city centre is a coffee shop offering Japanese food for less than £20. It is not family-friendly with a low customer rating.
Located near The Portland Arms in city centre, there is a high price Indian coffee shop with average ratings, called Cotto.
The Wrestlers is a high priced range family friendly coffee shop located in City Centre that offers Raja Indian Cuisine.
With a customer Rating of 5 out of 5, in the city centre area, The Phoenix has Indian food in the cheap price Range.
By riverside is a Japanese food and coffee shop called Fitzbillies. Customers rate it as high, and the price range is£20-25, but it is not kid-friendly.
Alimentum is a high-priced fast food restaurant in the riverside area near the Yippee Noodle Bar. Its customer rating is average.
Loch Fyne is a restaurant providing Indian food in the moderate price range.
Located near the riverside, The Waterman is an average rated, high priced English restaurant that is not children friendly.
Loch Fyne is a family friendly restaurant in the low price range.
there's a  really cheap restaurant near the riverside named Zizzi
There is an inexpensive highly rated coffee shop and dine in restaurant near The Portland Arms called Cotto.
The Waterman is a moderately priced, kid-friendly Indian restaurant located in the city centre. Customers have given it poor reviews.
The Golden Curry restaurant is a family-friendly restaurant, near the Café Rouge in Cambridge, that serves hamburgers and chips.
Wildwood is a coffee shop near Ranch that offers French cuisine at more than £30 a plate.  With a 5 star customer satisfaction rating, you can't go wrong.
Near The Rice Boat in the riverside area, is a venue called The Bibimbap House which is serving Japanese food.
A Japanese restaurant called The Cambridge Blue has a low customer rating.
Travellers Rest Beefeater, situated near Café Adriatic in the city centre is rated 5 out of 5 by customers with a price range over 30.
In the city centre of Avalon, there is a coffee shop by the name of Blue Spice. It is quite expensive. Reviews aren't great but it is exclusively for adults.
The Golden Curry serves nice food, but is not family friendly and has been given one star.
Located North of the city centre is The Waterman, a low cost, family friendly restaurant with a satisfaction rating of 3 out  of 5 stars.
Welcome to The Rice Boat. Our customer rating is high, we serve English food, we are not children friendly. Our price range is more than 30 pounds and we are near the Express by Holiday Inn.
The Waterman provides Indian food in the more than £30 price range. It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is high.
Browns Cambridge is an affordable sushi restaurant
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop serving French food in city centre, near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is family-friendly and customer rate 5 out Of 5.
The Golden Palace is a fast food coffee shop with a high price range.  It is located in the city centre and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Waterman Japanese restaurant in the city centre has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and is not child friendly.
Bibimbap House is a Japanese eatery located in the city centre near Clare Hall. Their price range is less than £20.
Midsummer House provide many English food. the customer rating is high and the price range is £20-25. the location is near All Bar One
In the city centre you will find The Twenty Two. It is located near The Rice Boat and has been rated 5 out of 5 as it is cheap and family-friendly.
Fitzbillies is near the Express by Holiday Inn.  It is kid friendly and is rated as average and in the higher price range.
The Punter is a cheap, non family-friendly venue near The Portland Arms in the city centre
The Dumpling Tree is a restaurant that serves high price range French food.
The Waterman is a restaurant the sells Italian food. It is near the Crowne Plaza Hotel and it is kids friendly.
The Cricketers is a coffee shop that serves Italian food near The Portland Arms. It is children friendly and has an average customer rating.
Looking for  a moderately priced Chinese restaurant in the riverside area that is family friendly, then the Alimentum may suit your needs.
Cotto found a coffee shop that is  moderately price in the city centre right next to The Portland Arms, however it has a poor customer rating of 1 out of 5
Aromi is not family friendly and has a one star rating.
The Waterman serves Indian food in the cheap price range. The customer rating is 5 out of 5. It is located in the riverside. No it is not family friendly
The Eagle is an English restaurant with a 5 star rating.
Beside Rainbow Vegetarian Café is the  cheap 3-star rated wine Café, Strada.  It is family friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a riverside, family friendly, fast food place near The Sorrento.
The Browns Cambridge serves high priced yet average Chinese food.
There's a family friendly restaurant called The Plough. It's near The Bakers and its price range is less than  £20.
The Cricketers is a kid friendly coffee shop located near The Portland Arms and provides Indian food with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Strada is a restaurant that has an average customer rating.
The Waterman is near the Crowne Plaza Hotel.  It is a family friendly restaurant which serves French food.
Bibimbap House is near The Rice Boat within the City Centre. It serves Indian food.
Not considered suitable for children, The Green Man situated in the city centre is an expensive fast food alternative to the nearby All Bar One.
Located in the city centre, The Waterman is a family-friendly Italian restaurant that has a price range of less than £20. It has a customer rating of low.
A restaurant that sells high priced English food is The Dumpling Tree
There is a kid friendly, moderately priced coffee shop called Zizzi in Riverside. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Plough, a pub, is located near Café Rouge. They serve wine and cheese, are low priced, and are not family friendly.
There is a sushi restaurant near Ranch called Cotto. It welcomes families and offers a three star dining experience.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop serving Indian food at a price range of over £30. Its customer rating is high. It is located near the city center and is not child-friendly.
Located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café is Strada: family-friendly, excellent British food and moderately priced.
The Rice Boat is cheap fast food near the Express by Holiday Inn are of city centre. Not family-friendly but a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
In this high rated place near Café Adriatic called Travellers Rest Beefeater, there is a high standard of service and quality food. The price range is slightly more than average but is worth it for the excellent standard.
Loch Fyne restaurant providing French Food. Start from low price and friend-family.
Near Raja Indian Cuisine, by the riverside, The Wrestlers is a coffee shop offering Indian food at a price range of £20-25. It is ideal for kids.
The Fitzbillies coffee shop, located at the riverside, has been rated average. It serves food in moderate prices and is not kids friendly.
There is a restaurant named Blue Spice in the city centre with a price range less than £20 and is family-friendly despite it's low customer rating.
There is a family friendly restaurant called Wildwood.
There is a cheap restaurant The Rice Boat with a location by  Express by Holiday Inn.
The Rice Boat serves Italian in the riverside area.  It has 1 out of 5 for customer ratings and is a children friendly place.
In the city centre is a moderately priced fast-food coffee shop named Fitzbillies.  It is child friendly and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Cotto is a French coffee shop near The Portland Arms in the riverside area with a high price range and a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Strada near Rainbow Vegetarian Café is a kid friendly restaurant in the moderate price range serving English food. They have a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
There is a pub near Yippee Noodle Bar called Strada. It serves English food and has an average customer rating.
Loch Fyne is a restaurant providing Fast food with no family-friendly. The price is less than £20.
French, child friendly riverside Alimentum is cheap at £35
Green Man is a kid friendly venue in the riverside area. It serves English food with a moderate price range. It is located near All Bar One.
The Mill is a coffee shop near The Sorrento at the riverside. It serves Japanese and its price range is less than £20.
Loch Fyne is an affordable British restaurant offering classic meals
The Cotto serves Italian food. It is family friendly and has customer rating 5out of 5. You can find it near Ranch.
A fast food pub that is children friendly and has an average customer rating is Zizzi.
Cocum is a restaurant with a 5 out of 5 rating that is not family-friendly.
The Twenty Two serves French food in the area of riverside.  It is family friendly.
The Wrestlers offers reasonably priced sushi but does not welcome families and has a low rating.
Cotto is a coffee shop located in the centre city very close of The Portland Arms
A pub Style eatery near Café Rouge serves Italian food. The Plough is Kid Friendly and has moderate price ranges.
In the riverside area with a high customer rating, The Golden Palace is a restaurant.
Very popular home cooked meals at The Phoenix.
Found in the area of riverside is The Olive Grove offering Japanese food at a high price is also child-friendly.
The Mill is a coffee shop situated near The Sorrento in Riverside. It costs over £30 and offers Japanese cuisine.
The Waterman near the Crowne Plaza Hotel offers English food and is family friendly.
Near Café Rouge, there is an Indian restaurant named Cotto.
The Wrestlers in a French restaurant near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre area. It is a coffee shop with a price range is more than 30.
The Phoenix is a Japanese food and got the best customer ratings of 1 out of 5 located in the riverside.
The Mill is a cheap French coffee shop near of The Sorrento in the riverside area.
With a 3 out of 5 rating, Fitzbillies near Express by Holiday Inn is a moderately priced place where kids are welcome.
There is a Chinese restaurant located in the riverside area near Café Rouge that is called The Golden Curry.  It is child friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Near The Bakers is the family-friendly restaurant The Plough. It is fairly cheap.
Fitzbillies is a cheap, one-star coffee shop located near City centre.  It is not family friendly.
A well-rated pub I would recommend is The Vaults near Café Adriatic. It's fairly priced, too.
The Waterman is a Chinese food place in the cheap price range. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5, is located in riverside, and is family friendly.
Located at the riverside, The Phoenix serves Italian food. According to customer ratings, it is average.
The Strada has a high customer rating and is child friendly and serves India food for £20-£25. It is located near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
Located in the city centre, The Dumpling Tree is a high priced restaurant.
The Vaults has Indian food and is cheap
The Wrestlers public house is cheap, not family friendly and has only one star rating.
Strada is a low cost restaurant but is not family friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a Chinese restaurant with a moderate price range and a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
A family friendly cheap coffee shop called The Punter near Café Sicilia has average Fast food.
There is a place that provides English food. It is in the city centre, located near Café Rouge and it is not family-friendly. Its name is The Golden Curry and its rating is low.
Located on the riverside near Café Adriatic, with an average customer rating and a price of less than £20, is Travellers Rest Beefeater.
There is a fantastic place in the heart of city named The Waterman. This is a pub with freshly made Japanese food, with good customer rating.
Fast food Bibimbap House is located in city centre near Clare Hall and is a moderate price range.
The riverside area features a high priced restaurant called the Waterman.  The Waterman serves fast-food in a non-children friendly environment.   This restaurant gets a 1 out of 5 star rating from customers.
The Rice Boat have Indian food with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 in city centre. It is family friendly.
The Vaults is a cheap Japanese restaurant that is family friendly.
Alimentum is a high priced Chinese food restaurant that does not cater to children in city centre.
In the area of riverside lies Fitzbillies, a moderately priced coffee shop with a 1 out of 5 customer rating. It serves Japanese food and is not kid-friendly.
Browns Cambridge providing English food. It is located in riverside near The Sorrento.
The Twenty Two is a fast food establishment in the city centre. Twenty Two is not family-friendly.
The Dumpling Tree is a restaurant that serves English food and has a price range that is over  £30.
Zizzi a kid friendly coffee shop in riverside prices £20-25 and rated 3 out of 5.
The Mill is a cheap coffee shop serving Italian food, located in the Riverside area near The Sorrento.
Cocum is a higher-end coffee shop, with prices regularly going above £30. Its French-style food has landed it a customer rating of 5 out of 5. Children are welcome.
The Alimentum that serves Italian food in the centre of the city is family-friendly and the price Range is less than  £20.
There is a family friendly restaurant in town called Loch Fyne that serves expensive food.
There is a high priced coffee shop that serves Italian food.  It is called Cotto.  It is in the riverside area near The Portland Arms however, I hear the food isn't very good.
The Chinese restaurant The Phoenix is in the city center. and has a low customer rating and price range under 20.
The Dumpling Tree is near The Portland Arms, is serves pub food but is not family friendly.
The Golden Curry is a French restaurant near Café Rouge in the city center. I has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 and is not family-friendly
Blue Spice is family friendly in the riverside area with ratings of 5 out of 5 priced more than 30 euros.
Browns Cambridge is a fast food place located at the riverside near The Sorrento and is kid friendly.
Loch Fyne is a fast food restaurant,  It is family friendly.
Browns Cambridge is located in the area of city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel. They serve Japanese food. They are family-friendly, its a coffee shop, and they have an average customer rating.
Near Café Sicilia is a 1 out of 5 coffee shop with a high price range. It's child friendly called The Punter.
Near Yippee Noodle Bar you will find 3-star rated Alimentum, which serves pasta dishes at an expensive price level.
Strada is a family friendly restaurant that serves Japanese food. Strada is a low-priced restaurant. located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
Cocum is a restaurant the is rated 1 out of 5 and yes, it is kid friendly.
The Golden Curry is a family restaurant with a rating of three out of five stars
The Wrestlers is a family friendly restaurant that offers a selection of food for a low price. It has a rating of 1 out of 5 stars.
Giraffe is a family-friendly pub that serves Indian food downtown.
The Twenty Two is in the riverside area and has Indian food,It is not family friendly.
The Plough near Café Rouge, is a pub offering Japanese food. It welcomes children and the prices range from £20-£25.
Strada has cheap Italian food, an average customer rating, is family friendly, and is near Rainbow Vegetarian Café
Cocum is a coffee shop with 1 star that is family friendly.
A reasonably priced between £20 - 25 Italian coffee shop called The Wrestlers is located in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine.
Giraffe, rated 3 out of 5, is a high priced, coffee shop near The Bakers.  It is not children friendly.
Green Man is a moderate priced French restaurant near the All Bar One in the city centre. It is not children friendly.
There is a French coffee shop named The Mill located along the riverside. It's near The Sorrento and the price range is less than £20.
In the riverside area is The Golden Palace, a restaurant rated average by other customers.
Strada, a French restaurant near Rainbow Vegetarian Café, has a 5 out of 5 customer rating but is not family-friendly and has a price of more than 30.
There is a family friendly riverside Japanese restaurant serving cheap food. It is called The Waterman and has a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
The Wrestlers are a family friendly restaurant. It is a three star establishment that is high priced.
Browns Cambridge is a non-family-friendly restaurant with English food. It is located near The Sorrento riverside.
On the riverside is an establishment called The Phoenix. It provides Italian food and has a price range between £20-25. The customer rating is high.
For those people wanting to try something different, The Punter is a must try for most, Serving up Indian Food in a mid range price, also offers a menu that children would enjoy. Located near Café Sicilia. The Punter is rated highly by customers.
For a kid-friendly pub-style Italian restaurant experience, try Giraffe in riverside.
The Vaults is a low price, family friendly wine bar.
If you're craving French food, The Olive Grove is an option in the city centre. The Olive Grove is a moderately-priced pub that is kid-friendly.
The Rice Boat is a French food option with prices ranging from 20 to 25 euros. It is kid-friendly, highly rated, and located in the city centre near Express by Holiday Inn
The Eagle is a family-friendly coffee shop serving cheap Italian food. It's located in the city centre near Burger King and has an average customer rating.
There is a high price coffee shop, The Wrestlers, located in the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine that serves Italian but is not children friendly.
The Golden Curry is a French place. It is family friendly with a customer rating of 5 out  of 5.
Near The Rice Boat sits a family friendly pub  named The Twenty Two. Found at the riverside, food is served at prices less than £20 and has an average customer rating.
For a 5 out of 5 family friendly pub try a visit to Zizzi for an Indian meal.
Children friendly they are  located in riverside. Fitzbillies is a low rated but expensive coffee shop
If you're ok with low ratings and a non-family friendly dining experience, The Rice Boat offers Indian cuisine in the riverside area.
In Riverside, The Eagle has been given an average customer rating, it is however, cheap.
For food that is more than £30, try Giraffe. It is a restaurant near The Six Bells.
A no kids friendly high rated Fast food restaurant price range £20-25 is The Wrestlers.
There's a cheap and family-friendly fast food place called The Waterman in the city centre with an average rating.
A family friendly option is The Plough.  This pub offers higher-priced Indian food.  They are located near Café Rouge.
Located near Express by Holiday Inn you will find The Plough, a child friendly restaurant.
The Rice Boat is a new, kid friendly Italian restaurant located near Express by Holiday Inn in the beautiful riverside area. Prices range from 20-25.
The city centre had a place called The Rice Boat. The families were not friendly because the food was English and they rated it 5 out of 5
The Phoenix serves its customers and Indian delicacies is has perfect ratings 5 out of 5 and you can enjoy eating on the riverside.
The Phoenix restaurant serves Indian food at a cheap price. The restaurant located in the city centre has received a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Even though its not family friendly, The Rice Boat maintains an average customer rating. They serve cheap Chinese food near the Express by Holiday Inn in the centre of the city.
A family friendly restaurant called Cocum has an average customer rating.
Near The Portland Arms in the riverside area, Cotto is a coffee shop with a cheap price range and a customer rating of 5 out of 5 that sells fast food.
The Rice Boat is a low cost restaurant located near the Express by Holiday Inn in the centre of the city,
The Punter provides Indian food in the more than £30 price range.
Family Friendly coffee shop low rating with a price of £20, The Eagle serves Indian dishes, near Burger King in the city centre area.
The Eagle is an Indian restaurant that is customer rate a 3 out of 5
The riverside Italian eatery The Phoenix has received a high customer rating.
The Golden Curry is a kids friendly place near The Bakers that serves Indian food within a moderate price range.
The Wrestlers is a 5-star, family-friendly restaurant that offers expensive sushi.
Loch Fyne serves Indian food. It has ratings of 3 out of 5 and it located in riverside near The Rice Boat.
There is an Italian coffee shop, with a high rating, called The Golden Palace. They are located at the city centre and their price range is L20-25.
Giraffe is a coffee shop with family friendly environment but rated law by customers. It is located near The Bakers an prices are under £20.
Clowns makes coffee shop and French food with cheap Rating in Clare Hall.
There is a coffee shop called Fitzbillies providing Indian food in the city center with low customer rating and it's price range is less than £20 and also it is family friendly.
Aromi is situated in the city centre, it is a family-friendly pub with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Waterman sells a variety of foods at a medium price range.
The Golden Palace is a one star coffee shop with a whole foods basis. It has medium prices.
The Rice Boat serves moderately priced Japanese food in a non-kid friendly venue.  It is near the city center, the Express by Holiday Inn and is customer rated 1 out of 5.
Loch Fyne is an Italian restaurant which welcomes children.
Giraffe is a Giraffe providing take-away deliveries in the low price range. It is located in the city centre.
The Golden Curry offers a five star dining experience for families looking for French cuisine. It can be found near Café Rouge, outside of the City Centre.
Wildwood coffee shop, located near Ranch, serves food and drink at low prices. Three star rating.
Cocum is not family friendly and has a cheap price range, but it is an Indian coffee shop with an average customer rating.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop near the Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre. It serves Japanese food and even if it is not family-friendly, it has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
A low rated French eatery named Midsummer House is near Café Rouge.
Aromi is a family friendly coffee shop serving Japanese food.  It has a customer rating 3 out of 5 and can be found in the riverside area.
A cheap restaurant called Taste of Cambridge has an excellence customer rating of 5 out of 5.
A Fast food place called Cotto is near Café Rouge.
The fast food restaurant , The Phoenix is located in the city center and has high customer reviews.
The Golden Palace is an inexpensive restaurant.
The Eagle has an average customer rating, by the riverside and a price range of less than £20.
The Eagle is located in City Centre, near Burger King. It is an Italian coffee sheep that is family friendly and pricey. It has a 5 out of 5 star rating.
The Green Man has no area for children although its price list is less than £20, serving Fast food is close to All Bar One near riverside.
The Olive Grove Chinese pub for price range less than £20, located in riverside and is family friendly.
There is a family friendly Fast food and coffee shop named Cocum. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 and is cheap.
Located in the city centre is The Rice Boat, a family-friendly restaurant serving fast food. Customer ratings are average.
The Rice Boat is an upscale Italian cuisine located in the city centre near Express by Holiday Inn. The Rice Boat has an average customer rating and not suitable for children.
The Vaults is kids friendly and serves Indian food within the price range of £20-25.
Fitzbillies is not a kid-friendly coffee shop.  The location is the riverside and it has a 1 out 5 rating.
The Rice Boat is a Fast food restaurant located near Express by Holiday Inn in the city centre with food in a moderate price range but a low customer rating of 1 out of 5.  It is not family-friendly so no good for kids
Zizzi is a kids-friendly, French pub with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
There is a coffee shop called Taste of Cambridge near the Crown Plaza Hotel in Riverside. Kids are welcome.
The Vaults is a pub near Café Adriatic with food in the £20-25 price range and a high customer rating.
Bibimbap House serves Italian food and is located near Clare Hall in the center of the city. It has a moderate price range.
The Vaults is an adult Japanese place with prices under 20 euros.
The Dumpling Tree is a coffee shop with a moderate price range that is not kids-friendly. It's somewhere on Riverside, near Café Sicilia.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop in the center of the city.  Its serves Indian food in a mid price range.  Customer ratings are high with no kids allowed.
The Eagle is a one star family friendly coffee shop offering fast food. It is in the high price range and near to Burger King.
Near the Yippee Noodle Bar in the riverside area is a highly recommended Chinese called Alimentum its slightly expensive though.
The Golden Curry is a restaurant that serves Chinese food,
Bibimbap House is near Clare Hall on the riverside, it offers Japanese for £20-25
The Cocum coffee shop also sells an assortment of cheeses and wines in addition to coffee. It is a low cost, family friendly establishment.
The kid-friendly restaurant The Twenty Two is in the riverside area close to The Rice Boat. It has a high customer rating and is in the average price range.
Blue Spice is a children friendly establishment in the Riverside area, but is high priced and only has a 1 out of 5 rating.
Browns Cambridge serves fast food. It is family friendly. It is located near the riverside and The Sorrento.
A pub that is more than  £30 with a high customer rating is The Vaults, which is right near Café Adriatic
The Waterman is a family friendly venue serving fast food. It's located near Crown Plaza Hotel.
Great location by the riverside selling English food near Express by Holiday Inn. Highly rated by customers, no kids allowed. Come check out The Rice Boat with a price range of £20-25.
The Rice Boat is a five-star restaurant in the centre of the city.  It is great for families.
There is a fairly priced family friendly place called Blue Spice.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop for dinner. We make hamburgers. We are near the River at City Centre.
There is a high-priced coffee shop near Avalon, Blue Spice, that provides high-priced coffee drinks.
One pub that has a 3 out of 5 rating is The Vaults. It is priced between £20-25 and is near Café Adriatic.
Wildwood is a coffee shop. It is located near Ranch. have 5 out of 5 costumer rating and low price.
The Portland Arms area is home to the English pub, The Dumpling Tree. Kids are always welcome.
If you're looking for a cheap restaurant with a great customer rating, look no further than Travellers Rest Beefeater.  It's located in Riverside, near Café Adriatic.
For great cheap food go to The Eagle in riverside. They are well known with 5 out of 5 customer ratings.
Near The Six Bells, Fitzbillies offers Japanese foods between £20-25.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop close to Raja Indian Cuisine in city centre where prices are more than £30 and is not children friendly.
A Chinese restaurant that is not family friendly but is cheap is in riverside called  The Waterman with an average rating.
Cocum is a restaurant with a low customer rating. It is family friendly.
The Waterman, near Crowne Plaza Hotel, is an Indian family friendly venue.
The Dumpling Tree is an affordable coffee shop with a moderate price range near Café Sicilia. This is a kid friendly shop with toys and a climbing gym, located in City center.
The Wrestlers is a kid friendly fast food restaurant with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 in a moderate price range.
The Golden Curry is rated 1 out of 5. It's a French restaurant and yes kid friendly.
The Cricketers is a pub with a low customer rating, located near Ranch. It is not family-friendly.
The Vaults a pub close to Café Adriatic serves average priced food and has a high customer rating
The Wrestlers is kid-friendly, moderately-priced Italian with a rating of 1 out of 5
The coffee shop Wildwood near the Ranch serves Japanese food, has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and a price range of £20-25.
Clowns is a coffee shop providing Indian food It is located in the riverside. It is near Clare Hall. Its customer rating is low.
The Alimentum serves breakfast in a mid price range and is family friendly.
The Eagle is an English style restaurant that is highly recommended.
Near Ranch there is a low rated French coffee shop named Wildwood. it is less than £20.
Chinese restaurant, Bibimbap House is cheap, on the riverside near Clare Hall.
While expensive, Browns Cambridge is very highly rated.
If you are in need of some fast food check out Aromi . It is  a coffee ship in the riverside area and also child friendly. Great Food.
Taste of Cambridge is an Italian coffee shop situated on the riverside near Crown Plaza Hotel. Family friendly yes
Located near The Rice Boat in Riverside is a family friendly, low customer rating, with a price range of less than 20 euros is called The Twenty Two.
Bibimbap House restaurant is located near Clare Hall north of the City center.
The Rice Boat is family-friendly with an average customer rating. They have English food and is located in the city centre.
Located next to the Rainbow Vegetarian Café, Strada a family friendly low cost 1 star restaurant
Fitzbillies is a moderately-priced coffee shop and Indian restaurant at the riverside. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and it kids-friendly.
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing not a family-friendly atmosphere. It serves Japanese food for less than £20. It is located near Burger King in the riverside. It has a low customer rating.
A Chinese restaurant which is family friendly is Loch Fyne.
Cocum is a kid friendly restaurant with high customer ratings.
There is a fast food restaurant located in the city centre known as The Waterman. The restaurant is not children friendly and tends to be more than £30.
The Golden Palace is a 5 out of 5 cheap riverside coffee shop that serves Japanese food.
5 out of 5 rated Wildwood restaurant is located near Café Rouge.
Strada is a  Japanese  restaurant located in  City Centre near Rainbow Vegetarian Café,  1 out of 5 customer rating.
The Plough restaurant is family-friendly located near Express by Holiday Inn
Cocum is a coffee shop that offers fast food in a family friendly environment for a cheap price.
Wildwood is a French pub with an average customer rating with the price range less than £20.
Adult oriented Loch Fyne serves English food in a high class restaurant.
The Rice Boat is a kid friendly Japanese restaurant on the Riverside, near the Express by Holiday Inn. This restaurant has a moderate price range and a 1 out of 5 customer rating.
The Rice Boat restaurant is a one-star eatery located on the River to the north of the City centre serving traditional British cuisine. The restaurant is not family-friendly.
Bibimbap House is a cheap place to eat noodles, near the river, and Clare Hall.
The English food serving place Alimentum has a cheap price range, is family friendly, and is located on a riverside.
With a customer rating of 1 out of 5 The Eagle has American food.
Cocum is a family friendly coffee shop with a low price range and a high customer rating.
Bibimbap House offers Italian food. It is located near The Rice Boat in the riverside area.
The Phoenix, an Italian restaurant is located in city centre and has low customer ratings.
The Punter is a 5 star, full priced family friendly coffee shop. It is located near to the Café Sicilia
The Waterman is a non family-friendly , low rated Japanese food restaurant with a price range less than £20 and is located in Riverside.
A moderately priced, Italian restaurant called The Waterman has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.  This adult's only restaurant is located in the riverside area.
located near The Portland Arms is a coffee shop named The Cricketers serves French food. it is children Friendly and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5
The Phoenix is not rated as a quality fast food restaurant, and it quite expensive. It's located at the riverside.
If you do not have children with you, then The Plough is right for you. It is a cheaply priced restaurant located next to The Bakers.
The Wrestlers is located near Raja Indian Cuisine and is a low cost family friendly restaurant.
Strada, by Rainbow Vegetarian Café, has an average rating and cheap price range for English food.
A moderately priced pub by the riverside is called The Golden Palace. It is located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
Fitzbillies is by the river, serves Indian food and coffee, and costs less than £20. It has low ratings. Family friendly.
A French restaurant by All Bar One near the riverside with a range less than £20. It is non-family-friendly and called Green Man.
There is a Fast food in the city centre, yes its The Olive Grove with the pub in the high price
A high priced, child friendly, Fast food restaurant near Rainbow Vegetarian Café is called Strada. It has an average customer rating of 1 star.
The Phoenix is located in the riverside area and offers Fast food. It has a high price range and is rated 1 out of 5 by customers.
Wildwood is a highly rated Japanese coffee shop, very reasonably priced with high ratings - located near Ranch.
The Cambridge Blue pub serves affordable Italian food and is situated near the Café Brazil.
The Wrestlers, a coffee shop with fast food, near Raja Indian Cuisine, on the riverside is family friendly and less than 20 euros
The Waterman is a one-star moderately-priced Japanese restaurant located on the river to the north of the City centre. It is a family-friendly restaurant.
Browns Cambridge is a low-priced restaurant in the city centre
The Eagle is a French coffee shop , with a mid price range which is located near to Burger King in the city centre. The Eagle is not child friendly and customer ratings are average.
Located in the city centre near Café Sicilia The Punter is a high priced family friendly coffee shop offering Italian food.  It has one star rating.
The Golden Curry is a family friendly Indian restaurant located in City Centre near Café Rouge.
Loch Fyne is a restaurant serving Chinese food the pricing is ore than 30 and is child friendly.
Located Riverside near the Raja Indian Cuisine, The Wrestlers is a coffee shop offering Italian food at a high price range. It is not very children friendly.
The Cricketers is an average rated, French coffee shop near The Portland Arms which is family friendly.
The Golden Curry is a family friend Chinese restaurant with a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
Alimentum is an Italian restaurant located in the city centre with a moderate price with a bad kids friendly atmosphere.
The Twenty Two is a non-family-friendly Japanese restaurant located on the riverside.
Near Café Rouge Cotto serves Italian food.
At the riverside, The Bibimbap House, near The Rice Boat serves Italian food.
Browns Cambridge serves Chinese food in riverside near The Sorrento and is not kid friendly.
Alimentum is a high-priced restaurant that is located near Yippee Noodle Bar.
Fitzbillies is a family friendly coffee shop serving Indian food in the city center. Food is moderately priced; average customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Located riverside near the Express by Holiday Inn, The Rice Boat provides moderately priced fast food.
In riverside area, near Café Adriatic, there is Travellers Rest Beefeater. Travellers Rest Beefeater has a high rate by customers and its price range is £20-25.
The Wrestlers is a cheap fast food venue which is family-friendly and it also has a high customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a children friendly coffee shop serving Indian food. It is in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine and is moderately priced.
The family friendly Green Man serves Indian food in the less than £20 price range.  It's in the riverside area near All Bar One.
For an average dining experience, try The Strada.
There is a  coffee shop in the city centre that serves Japanese food called Fitzbillies, despite its low rating it serves food at a low price. It is not suitable for families.
The Olive Grove is a public restaurant located in riverside area, with  high-priced Japanese food. and it's children Friendly
On the river, there is a one star restaurant named Clowns. It is located near Clare Hall.
The Cambridge Blue is a pub near Café Brazil.  They offer English food in the price ranges of £20-25.
Fitzbillies is a family friendly, Italian restaurant serving luxury pasta just outside of the downtown city center.
The Rice Boat has a moderate price range, with a 3 out of 5 rating, near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
The Strada is a Chinese restaurant near Rainbow Vegetarian Café. Though it is not family friendly, it's customer rating is 5 out of 5.
The Waterman provides expensive Chinese food at the riverside and has an average customer rating. It is not child friendly
Wildwood coffee shop offers English food has a high customer rating and price range located near Ranch
Located in the city centre, The Waterman is a Japanese restaurant with a price range of £20-25, a rating of 3 out of 5 and is not kid friendly.
Alimentum is a riverside restaurant with moderate price range Italian food. Alimentum has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and located near Yippee Noodle Bar.
There is an Italian called Bibimbap House that has a cheap price range near riverside, it is located near Clare Hall.
The customer ratings are very high for a dining out restaurant. The name of this restaurant is The Cambridge Blue which has a fast food menu to take a look at.
Loch Fyne is a family-friendly fast food restaurant.
The Twenty Two is an Italian restaurant located outside of the City Centre.
Browns Cambridge, the kid friendly fast food place, is located at the riverside near The Sorrento.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that serves Fast food.  It has an average rating.  It is cheap and family-friendly.
Kids friendly Strada is having customer rating 3 out of 5 points. Their price range is £20-25.
Cocum is a coffee shop. They welcome families to come and enjoy a coffee  with them. They have been rated one star and  cost a considerable amount to drink there.
In city centre French food is serves in The Rice Boat. It is not a family-friendly place customer rate low.
The Golden Curry has a high rating, is kid friendly and  serves Italian food
Wildwood is an inexpensive pub that serves pasta.
Green Man serves French food and is in the over £30 price range. It is near All Bar One in the riverside area of the city, and is child friendly.
The Olive Grove is a pub serving Japanese food for less than £20 in the city centre. They aren't family-friendly.
Fitzbillies, a French food coffee shop in riverside is not kid friendly, has a 3 out of 5 customer rating and a high price range.
Loch Fyne is a restaurant providing Chinese food in the high price range.
The Rice Boat provides Indian food in the cheap price range. It is located in the riverside. It is near Express by Holiday Inn. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Expensive Italian food can be found at the coffee shop called Cotto in the riverside area near The Portland Arms. It has a 3 star customer rating.
Alimentum is an English restaurant near the city centre. It is not child-friendly and has a high price range.
Alimentum near Yippee Noodle Bar has a cheap price range, selling English cuisine in the city centre and achieving a customer rating of 5 out of 5
There's a pricey coffee shop up the river that serves 3 star French cuisine called The Golden Palace.
A place called Loch Fyne at riverside near The Rice Boat serves English food and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a pub in riverside near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café. It costs more then £30.
Giraffe coffee shop near The Bakers is an adult only place costing £20 - 25 with a 3 out of 5 rating
Browns Cambridge is a mid range, one star rating wine and cheese establishment.
The moderately priced Cocum is a pub.  Not family-friendly this pub is rated 1 out of 5.
Blue Spice is a one star budget facility, which welcomes families.
The Twenty Two, located right on the river near The Rice Boat, is a high-priced family restaurant with an excellent rating.
There is an English restaurant near The Bakers called The Golden Curry, its price range is less than £20 and it is not very family-friendly.
Strada is a restaurant with an average customer rating.
In Riverside, you can find a restaurant called The Olive Grove.  Here, price ranges are less than £20.  This is a family friendly, pub type eatery.
Fitzbillies is a family-friendly coffee shop serving French food in the city centre offering high prices and low customer ratings.
Fitzbillies, located in the city centre, is an averagely rated coffee-shop serving cheap Indian food in a non-family friendly environment.
The Rice Boat sushi restaurant is located near Express by Holiday Inn. It is low priced, family friendly and rated 3 stars.
In Riverside there is a high priced restaurant called Zizzi.
Zizzi is a coffee shop located in the city center that is kid friendly. Its priced a bit higher than average and the customer rating is a tad low.
The Plough is a pub and sells English Food. It is not children friendly. It is near Café Rouge. It has a high price range.
Fitzbillies is a moderately priced coffee shop located North of the Cambridge city centre. It is Family friendly and licensed. Bar and appetizer menu is available.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop located near Raja Indian Cuisine. They are kids friendly and cost between £20-£25. They serve French food.
The Wrestlers offers a menu of Japanese food in a price range of thirty pounds and above, in a children-friendly atmosphere. It scores 5 out of 5 in customer ratings.
The Rice Boat is a French restaurant with a high price range. The customer rating for The Rice Boat is a 3 out of 5 and is not children friendly. The Rice Boat is located in the area of the city centre near the Express by Holiday Inn.
For a pub serving fast food at moderate prices, try Wildwood. Average rating 1 of 5 stars.
The Twenty Two is a family friendly Indian restaurant in city centre.
The Golden Curry, a children friendly place located near The Bakers, serves English food at moderate prices.
There is an cheap restaurant Bibimbap House that you can dine at located near Clare Hall.
The Vaults is a coffee shop near Café Brazil in riverside area, with high-priced range.
The Waterman is a pub on the riverside which serves Fast food which has an average customer rating.
The Twenty Two is conveniently located in the city centre.  The restaurant serves English food in an exciting adult only atmosphere.
Rated 3 stars, The Rice Boat offers family friendly French food, in Riverside.
The Waterman is a high priced, low rated Italian restaurant in the city centre, it is not suitable for children.
In the center of the city near The Portland Arms is a cheap average Japanese coffee shop. It is called Cotto.
For Italian food with high prices and average customer ratings, try the Alimentum, located near the Yippee Noodle Bar in the riverside area.
The Rice Boat has higher than average prices and average customer ratings and is located near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
In the City Centre near Burger King is a kid-friendly coffee shop called the Eagle, which serves Indian food at a moderate price. The Eagle has high customer ratings.
Bibimbap House provides Chinese food at moderate prices. Bibimbap is located in the riverside area, near Clare Hall.
Blue Spice is a high-end Italian restaurant over-looking the river.
The Rice Boat is a kids friendly French restaurant near the Express by Holiday Inn that has a good price range
For a French themed, high end, coffee shop go to the Cocum. Outstanding reviews and family friendly.
Located in the City centre is The Phoenix which is a medium priced restaurant
Loch Fyne is a children friendly English restaurant providing high price ranged food.
This coffee shop costs more than £30. Its rating is 5 out of 5. It's called The Vaults and is located riverside near Café Brazil.
In the city centre there is a coffee shop called The Golden Palace. It serves Japanese food. A meal costs less than £20 and it has an average customer rating.
Located in the city centre, The Eagle has a low customer rating and falls in the under £20 price range.
Strada is a Chinese cuisine with moderate prices. Customer rating is 3 out of 5 and it is not kids friendly, located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
Browns Cambridge is a family Friendly coffee shop serving Fast food in the riverside area near the Crown Plaza Hotel, this restaurant has a low rating
Cotto offers coffee shop and French food with expensive price near The Portland Arms.
For a 20 pound price range, The Golden Curry is a family friendly Japanese restaurant near The Bakers.
Not child friendly.  At a Price Range of more than £30, is a 5 out of 5 rated space named The Waterman, with Japanese Food at City Centre.
The Rice Boat is a fast food establishment that welcomes families. It is located on the riverside with a low customer rating.
Cotto provides Chinese food. It is near Ranch. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Cotto is a coffee shop by the riverside area near The Portland Arms serving Japanese food with a price range of less than £20 but has a low customer rating.
There is a children-friendly coffee shop named The Wrestlers that offers Italian food. It is located near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area.
The Olive Grove is a family friendly pub.  They serve inexpensive Chinese food in the riverside area.
Looking for a coffee shop that sells Indian food in the city centre near the Crowne Plaza Hotel but has a low customer rating, then the family friendly Browns Cambridge, may be for you
The Phoenix is a Chinese restaurant in the high price range with an average customer rating. It is located in the city centre area.
Alimentum is an affordable Japanese restaurant located by the river.
The Vaults is a moderate price range pub with a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is located near the Café Adriatic.
The Rice Boat is an establishment serving Japanese food in the city centre near Express by Holiday Inn. It is not child friendly and the price range is more than £30.
The Rice Boat is a Japanese restaurant located in the city near Express by Holiday Inn with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and is child friendly
The Wrestlers offers food and drink and is a less expensive establishment.
Aromi is a family friendly coffee shop which serves French food. It is located in Riverside and has a 5 out of 5 rating.
near Yippee Noodle Bar in centre of Alimentum their is an Italian eatery rated 1 out of 5 with high prices
The Waterman is a kid friendly French restaurant near the Crowne Plaza Hotel.
With a customer rating of 3 out of 5, the French restaurant The Phoenix is located near city centre and is moderately priced.
The price range for Clowns, a pub in the city centre, is £20 to £25 with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Rice Boat is fast food in city centre.
Loch Fyne is a Fast food restaurant that is children friendly. The price range is more than £30.
The Waterman pub serves English food in the  city centre but has a low customer rating
Cocum is a coffee shop with a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is not kid friendly, but serves Fast food and has a moderate price range.
A good restaurant that is family friendly is called Cocum.
The Eagle is located near Burger King in riverside. This coffee shop is expensive in addition to highly-rated at 5 out of 5. Not child friendly, you can find expensive Japanese food at The Eagle.
Zizzi is a family friendly, Italian pub, with average customer ratings.
Aromi in the riverside with rank 5 out of 5 no sell pub
The Olive Grove is an amazing French pub located in the riverside.
Near Café Sicilia is the children friendly, fast food coffee shop The Punter, which has a 1 out of 5 customer rating and a high price range.
The Green Man is inexpensive and kid friendly and is near All Bar One.
City Centre has The Rice Boat, serving French food in an atmosphere that isn't family-friendly and receiving average ratings.
Midsummer House is a three star restaurant located near Café Rouge.
The Plough is a family friendly pub that serves cheap English food.  It is located near the Café Rouge.
The Mill is a riverside pub that served moderately priced Indian.
Browns Cambridge serves French food in the high price range. It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Near the Crown Plaza Hotel, you will find a child-friendly French restaurant called The Waterman.
The Punter is a low-rated coffee shop with prices greater than £30. It provides French food and is children-friendly. The Punter is located near Café Sicilia.
The Rice Boat is in the city centre area and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5, it serves English food and is family-friendly.
there's a high priced child friendly Indian restaurant called Loch Fyne
Blue Spice has a low customer rating and has a price range of more than £30. It is children friendly and located by the riverside.
The family-friendly The Waterman serves cheap French food. It is located in the city centre and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Golden Curry, near The Bakers, serves English food, is not child friendly and has a high price range.
Fitzbillies is a low-priced restaurant in near Express by Holiday Inn that delivers take-away.
The Eagle is an average English food.
There is an average restaurant The Browns Cambridge that offers cheap dine in food.
Alimentum is an Italian restaurant.  Not child friendly.  Located in the riverside area.  High price range.
An English restaurant with a 3 out of 5 star rating is The Cambridge Blue.
The Rice Boat is by a riverside near Express by Holiday Inn with a customer Rating of 1 out of 5. It is children Friendly serving English food and has a high price range
The Wrestlers is a family friendly, moderately priced, dine in restaurant.
The Dumpling Tree is a family friendly pub that serves fast food near The Portland Arms.
There is a French restaurant called The Golden Curry situated on the riverside near Café Rouge. It's family friendly but has low customer ratings.
Fitzbillies is a family friendly coffee shop with a good customer rating with moderate prices.
The Golden Curry is a middle price range restaurant located just near The Bakers. It is family oriented.
There is a family friendly English restaurant called The Vaults. It serves expensive food.
Wildwood restaurant has a low customer rating and is located near Café Rouge.
At £20-25, enjoy French cuisine at The Dumpling Tree restaurant.
There's a child friendly establishment near The Golden Curry. It's called The Six Bells.
The Wildwood coffee shop has 5 stars in costumer rating. It is located next to the Ranch.
The Olive Grove is a children friendly expensive pub that serves French food. It is located in the city centre.
The Waterman is a children Friendly,  Fast food restaurant located in the riverside area.  It is in the more than £30 price Range and has a high customer Rating.
The Golden Curry is a 5 star establishment serving British cuisine to families.
Customers have rated Clowns as low. The Italian food serving coffee shop is located at the riverside near Clare Hall.
A Japanese coffee shop called the Taste of Cambridge is family friendly. It is near the Crown Plaza Hotel near the riverside.
The Olive Grove is a pub providing French food in the city centre with moderate price range.  It is friendly for kids.
For a 1 star high priced restaurant The Phoenix is located in city centre.
There is a 3-star coffee shop called Clowns located north of City Centre but east of Clare Hall.
There is a restaurant called Fitzbillies near the Express by Holiday Inn that is children-friendly. The customer rating is low and the price range is over  £30.
Near Yippee Noodle Bar, Strada is a pub with a high customer rating that serves fast food.
Alimentum is located next to Yippee Noodle Bar and it provides  Japanese food.
Located at the city centre near Yippee Noodle Bar, Alimentum is a moderately price Italian  restaurant with a 3 out of 5 customer approval rating.
The Phoenix is a Fast food eatery in the riverside area with an average customer rating.
Not family friendly The Twenty Two is a Chinese restaurant.
The Punter has cheap Japanese food
The Wrestlers, a pricey adult fast food place, has a one star rating.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop, which offers Indian food, and has an average customer rating. It has a high price range, and is located in a riverside area.
In the riverside area, there's a really popular fast food place called The Phoenix.
North of City Centre, The Waterman serves a variety of wine in a welcoming, family atmosphere.
The Golden Curry is a children friendly English restaurant near The Bakers with a high price range.
The Vaults is a high rated pub near Café Adriatic that is fairly priced.
I ate fast food in a children friendly coffee shop called Fitzbillies in the city centre. The price range is high and the customer rating is average
The Phoenix is a Fast food restaurant with a rating of 1 out of 5 that has high prices in the city centre area.
Green Man is a family friendly place that serves Chinese food within a cheap price range.  It is near All Bar One and is in the riverside area.
Green Man is an Indian restaurant in the riverside area located near All Bar One. It is moderately priced and  kid friendly.
The Waterman is a restaurant providing Italian food and is located in the riverside area.  It is high-priced with a rating of 1 out of 5.
The Phoenix is situated on the riverside and serves English cuisine. It has an average customer rating.
Wildwood is  fast services coffee shop near Ranch. It is moderately priced with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Phoenix is a riverside fast food restaurant with a high customer rating costing  £30 and up.
Fitzbillies is a cheap coffee shop Fast food restaurant. The price range is cheap, with a average customer rating, and is not family-friendly
Alimentum serves highly-priced sushi but at poor reviews. Situated along the riverside adjacent to Yippee Noodle Bar.
The Punter is a family-friendly coffee shop with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and has a moderate price range; it is north of Café Sicilia.
The Clowns is an overpriced average pub, situated next to the river.
The Giraffe pub is located in the riverside area, they are kid friendly and serve Fast food.
The Punter provides Italian food that is cheap
Alimentum serves Highly rated English food near the Yippee Noodle Bar in the city centre.
Three out of five star rating for Alimentum, a moderately price Indian restaurant located near Yippee Noodle Bar in the city centre.
The Golden Curry is a highly rated English food serving venue that is children friendly.
Cocum is a coffee shop which is kid friendly, has a average rating, is expensive, and serves Indian food.
Alimentum is an Italian restaurant.  Not child friendly.  Located in the riverside area.  High price range.
For more than £30 Blue Spice in riverside offers Fast food.
For a moderately priced, riverside restaurant, try the Travellers Rest Beefeater near Café Adriatic. Customers have rated it 1 out of 5.
North of City centre is The Waterman.  This mid-priced wine and cheese shop is suited for the whole family and has been rated three stars.
The Wrestlers is a Chinese food restaurant that is not child friendly, has a 1 out of 5 customer rating, and has a high price range.
Blue Spice in the riverside area has a price range of more than £30. It boasts a rating of 5 out of 5, and yes it is family friendly.
The Rice Boat is an English restaurant near the riverside. It has an average customer rating and is not suitable for children.
Near All Bar One there is a place called Midsummer House where you could eat. They serve Japanese food there. It's rated in high value. The price range is approximately from £20 to £25.
The Wrestlers, is a coffee shop, serving Italian food,  in Riverside, near Raja Indian Cuisine, that is inexpensive and family friendly.
There is a French restaurant called Strada.  It is near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café.  The prices are less than £20, but the customer rating is low and it is not family-friendly.
Browns Cambridge, a fast food restaurant, has a high price range but a 3 out of 5 customer rating.
The Vaults is kid friendly. With a reasonably priced English Menu
There is a French restaurant named Green Man in the city center near All Bar One that costs more than £30 and is not child friendly
Fitzbillies provides Indian food in the moderate price range. It is near The Six Bells.
The Mill is a Fast food  pub in the riverside area that is in the high price range.
Bibimbap House has fast food with a price range of £20-25,  near Clare Hall in Riverside area.
The Plough is a pub serving Italian food with moderate prices.  It is not kid friendly.  It is situated near Café Rouge.
The family-friendly restaurant, The Twenty Two, is expensive and has average ratings. they are located near The Rice Boat in the city centre.
The Phoenix serves English food and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5, it is located in the riverside area.
Alimentum is a restaurant in the riverside area near Yippee Noodle Bar that serves Japanese food between twenty and twenty five euros and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Vaults is a pub with a high customer rating that is more than £30 and it is near Café Adriatic
Fitzbillies coffee shop is a slightly expensive coffee shop in the area. However, customers do not seem to have had a great experience there.
The Alimentum situated close to Yippee Noodle Bar in the city centre offers Italian style cuisine with a price list of more than £30 it has a high score in the customer reviews.
The Golden Palace is the only place I can think of in city centre, for Indian food in a coffee shop style place for under 20 pounds, the ratings there are low.
There's a coffee shop serving Indian food called Browns Cambridge.  It's suitable for children and has a 1 out of 5 customer rating.  It's near the Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area.
Aromi is in the city centre area. It serves Japanese food and is family-friendly. It is a coffee shop with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Phoenix is a highly recommended restaurant that is located outside of the city centre.
Cotto offers an inexpensive menu while also being conveniently located close to the City's Centre as well as The Portland Arms.
Cotto is the place to eat the best Hot Dogs and Burger and where your children can play, is an average place near Ranch
The Golden Curry serves Chinese food and is family friendly. They have a 5 out of 5 star rating and is located near the Café Rouge on the riverside.
The Waterman is a family-friendly French restaurant near the Crowne Plaza Hotel.
The Twenty Two is a family friendly Italian restaurant located in Riverside.
In riverside you can get English food for less than £20 at Blue Spice.
The Rice Boat, a Chinese restaurant is located near the riverside area  by Express by Holiday Inn . It is high priced, has average ratings and is not children friendly.
The Waterman is an English restaurant.  The customer rating is high.  It is riverside.  Child friendly.  The price range is more than  £30.
Try The Rice Boat near the Riverside area.  It's family friendly Japanese food with a 5 of 5 customer rating.
There is a coffee shop in the high price range. It is located in the riverside near the Café Brazil and is called The Vaults.
English restaurant Loch Fyne offers cheap prices for families.
Aromi is a kid friendly pub in riverside with a 1 out of 5 rating.
There is a family friendly burger place located near the Crown Plaza Hotel called The Waterman
Avalon area of Riverside has a moderately priced coffee shop Blue Spice. No kids allowed. 1 out of 5 customer rating.
In the riverside area there is a pub serving Italian food. The name of the restaurant is The Waterman and its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Golden Curry is an exceptional Japanese restaurant that serves families. It is by the river and Café Rouge.
Midsummer House is a Chinese restaurant with a rating of 3 out of 5 located near Café Rouge.
Bibimbap House in the riverside area serves Japanese food. It is located near The Rice Boat.
The Fitzbillies is a moderate priced tapas house located near The Six Bells.
The Phoenix provides Indian food and it has a customer rating of average. It is near the riverside.
The Rice Boat has an average price of more than £30 and is not considered children friendly.  Serving up Fast Food and with it's high customer rating you can find The Rice Boat near Express by Holiday Inn in the city centre.
Fitzbillies, located on the riverside, is highly rated, high priced kid friendly Japanese  coffee shop.
Loch Fyne provides Indian food It is located in the riverside. It is near The Rice Boat. Its customer rating is low.
For a moderately priced City centre Italian family-friendly restaurant then go to the Green Man located near to All Bar One
Blue Spice is fine dining at a moderate price.
Loch Fyne is a Italian kid friendly restaurant with a price range of £20-25
The Alimentum serves English food. It has a high price range and a customer rating of 1 out 5. It is located in the city centre near the Yippee Noodle Bar.
In Riverside near Avalon the Blue Spice coffee shop  has a 3 out of 5 rating and is not kid friendly.
The Phoenix is a fast food restaurant that offers cheap food. Well-reviewed.
With a customer rating 3 out of 5 and a high price range, the not children friendly Japanese food restaurant The Waterman is located in the city centre.
Cocum is a good, kid friendly Japanese coffee shop.
There is a high price ranged Chinese restaurant named Browns Cambridge with an average customer average.
Strada is a cheap Fast food restaurant, and yes, Rainbow Vegetarian Café is better with a qualification of 5 out 5.
If you are looking for a pub that serves English food and has an average customer rating then Strada which is located near Yippee Noodle Bar is your place
You can find Browns Cambridge, the family-friendly French restaurant, near The Sorrento in the city centre.
The Golden Palace is a 3 star rated coffee shop situated next to the river just on the edge of the city centre.
There is a coffee shop that offers Fast food near Ranch, called Wildwood. It has average customer reviews and a high price range.
Taste of Cambridge is a high priced restaurant with an average customer rating.
The Wrestlers serves Chinese food, it has an average price rating, scores high by customers and allows children.
Green Man is not family friendly. It sells sushi and is located in City centre, beside All Bar One.
There's a English restaurant with a high customer rating with a price range of 30 euros near All Bar One. It's called Midsummer House.
In the city centre is Blue Spice the price range is less than £20, its not family-friendly and also has a low customer rating.
The Cambridge Blue Pub is located in the city and offers great burgers and fries
The Eagle is an inexpensive, 5-star coffee shop that offers a menu of fruits, cheeses and wines that the whole family is welcome to enjoy. They are located north of the city center, beside a Burger King and the river.
Located near The Portland Arms you will fine a small mom and pop coffee shop called The Cricketers. The average small atmosphere is warm and inviting for the family friendly type of crowd. French food is the main choice of cuisine that fits the setting.
The children friendly Loch Fyne is an Italian restaurant.
The restaurant near Café Rouge is Wildwood. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is an Italian coffee shop near city centre. It is kids friendly and is rated highly by customers. Food prices are around £20-25.
The Dumpling Tree is a public house located next to The Portland Arms.
A nice French food restaurant named The Vaults is family friendly and affordable.
The Eagle is a family-friendly coffee shop serving French food located in the city centre, near Burger King.  The Eagle is averaged priced and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Eagle is a moderate priced restaurant located in the area of riverside. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Located on the riverside near to The Portland Arms, Cotto is a coffee shop specializing in Italian fare. The price range is within twenty pounds, and it has a low customer rating.
Located in the city centre, Alimentum is a moderately priced restaurant.  It serves Indian food and is not kid friendly.
Strada is a  restaurant that serves Chinese food, is Children Friendly, and has high customer Rating and price Range more than  £30, near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
Loch Fyne is a highly rated Japanese restaurant near the riverside located by The Rice Boat.
A cheap coffee shop named Cocum has an average rating and is not family-friendly and offers fast food.
The Rice Boat serves Chinese food in the city centre. It is family friendly and has a low customer rating.
There is a pub called Aromi in the city centre, with a rating of 5 out of 5.
Blue Spice located near Avalon in the city centre is a child friendly low rated coffee shop in the more than £30 price range.
The Wrestlers is a convenient located Family Japanese Steak House.
The Cricketers is a coffee shop that serves Indian food over by The Portland Arms with a very high customer rating and is also kid friendly.
Child unfriendly restaurant The Punter, has a high price range and is near to The Portland Arms by the riverside.
High end coffee shop The Mill serves Japanese food near to The Sorrento in the city centre.
Located in the city centre near The Sorrento, Browns Cambridge is a not so family-friendly fast food joint.
The Waterman is a family friendly establishment with a price range less than £20.
The Cambridge Blue serves Italian pub-style food near Café Brazil. Their price range is on the high side.
Midsummer House is an average Indian restaurant with a low price range near All Bar One.
The Twenty Two is a highly rated adult oriented restaurant, centrally located near The Rice Boat.
With 3 out of 5 rating, Alimentum is serving Japanese cuisine near Yippee Noodle Bar at riverside for low cost of £20-25.
Strada is a place serving Chinese food at premium prices.  They are rated 1 out of 5 by their customers.  They are located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café and children are welcome.
Rating 1 out of 5, Browns Cambridge serves expensive English food.
The Twenty Two is a kid friendly Indian restaurant on the riverside.
A family friendly, cheap, rating 5 out of 5 place is the French food place, The Wrestlers.
The Rice Boat is a Japanese restaurant, family-friendly and cheap since you can have dinner with less than 20£. It's located on the riverside, right next to the Express by Holiday Inn, but its rating is low.
The Phoenix is a French restaurant with a 5 out of 5 rating, located in the city centre.
The Wrestlers are family friendly costing less than £20 serving Italian but with a low customer rating
The Waterman is expensive and one star rated, with no family amenities
Browns Cambridge is a restaurant offering English food near The Sorrento. This is a centrally located city restaurant which is not family-friendly.
With a cheap price range, The Vaults is family friendly and offers Indian food.
The Golden Curry provides Indian food Its customer rating is high.
The Vaults serves cheap English food. This venue is family friendly.
The Rice Boat in the riverside area is child friendly with a 1 out of 5 customer rating and a high price range found near Express by Holiday Inn offering Italian food.
Strada is a restaurant providing Chinese food in the cheap prince range. It is located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 stars. It is family friendly.
The Twenty Two, an Italian riverside restaurant, is not family-friendly.
Green Man is a higher priced sushi restaurant near All Bar One. It is family friendly.
The Twenty Two is a French restaurant by the riverside that is family friendly.
The Blue Spice coffee shop is low priced.  It is not family friendly and has been rated one star.  It is located northeast of Avalon along the river.
The Twenty Two serves French food in a kid-friendly environment, and it is located in the Riverside area.
Taste of Cambridge is a high customer rated restaurant with a price range of more than £30.
A riverside eatery, The Golden Curry serves up French food. It is  rated 3 out of 5 by customers, kids friendly and found near Café Rouge.
The Golden Curry near Café Rouge in city centre offers Italian food. It is rated average by the customers and suitable for a family.
Green Man is a restaurant that serves Indian . Its price range is moderate. It is kid friendly. It is near All Bar One, in the riverside area.
The Rice Boat is an Italian restaurant located by the riverside. It has a high customer rating ans is child friendly.
The Wrestlers provides Chinese food in the cheap price range. Its customer rating is average.
There is a cheap, French pub named Wildwood that earned a rating of 5 out of 5.
Taste of Cambridge is a children friendly  coffee shop that serves Indian food. It is located in riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
A family-friendly coffee shop is called Cocum.  It is expensive.
There is a Chinese restaurant called the Bibimbap House near Clare Hall in the riverside area. The price range is more than £30.
Midsummer House is an expensive  restaurant located near All Bar One.
In the riverside area, near the Café Sicilia  there is a pub with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 called The Twenty Two.
Green Man is a non children friendly restaurant, serving Indian food for moderate prices. It is located in the city center near All Bar One.
Cotto has a low rating,  but is a family friendly Indian restaurant near Ranch.
A popular child friendly pub is The Cricketers located near Ranch.
Blue Spice is located in the city centre and has a moderate price range. Blue Spice is Kids Friendly and has a customer rating 1 out of 5.
The Dumpling Tree is a French child-friendly pub near The Portland Arms.
The Vaults is a family friendly Japanese restaurant. Their price range is below 20£.
The Plough is a low-priced, family friendly pub near Café Rouge that offers food and drinks.
Browns Cambridge provides Chinese food It is located in the city centre. It is near The Sorrento.
A family friendly pub that serves French food near The Portland Arms, is called The Dumpling Tree.
The restaurant, Loch Fyne, serves Italian food and is kid friendly.
Strada is a restaurant with a one star rating.
The child friendly Indian restaurant, The Golden Curry, is near The Bakers and costs more than 30 pounds.
There is a coffee shop called Cocum located near the city centre. Families are welcome at this establishment, which sells high quality beverages and food with the price to match.
The Golden Curry  serves English dishes, and is child friendly. It is in the riverside district near Café Rouge, but it has a 1 out of 5 star rating.
Browns Cambridge has a 5 out of 5 rating for Japanese food
There is a family-friendly, fast food, coffee shop near Crown Plaza Hotel in the Riverside called Taste of Cambridge.
The Golden Curry provides Indian food in the less than £20 price range. It is near The Bakers.
Loch Fyne is an Italian restaurant with an average rating. They are located in the city center near The Rice Boat.
The Golden Curry is non family-friendly with an average customer rating, selling Japanese food.
With a price list of £20-£25 and a rating  of 3-5  Midsummer House offering  French food can be found near All Bar One
The Loch Fyne is located near The Rice Boat by the river.
With an average customer rating, Browns Cambridge offers Fast food for under  £20.
The Waterman is in the city center ,moderate price range  serving  Chinese food with a rating of 3 out of 5 .No children allowed.
The Punter is an Italian coffee shop located near Café Sicilia. They have an expensive menu and low ratings. They are not child friendly.
Taste of Cambridge gets 1 out of 5 stars and is a moderately priced restaurant.
The Golden Palace is a 3-star Caféteria located in the city center
The Phoenix is a moderately priced Japanese restaurant in the city centre. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Rice Boat serves expensive Indian food . It is children friendly and has an average customer rating. It is also located in the centre of the city near Express by Holiday Inn.
The Wrestlers is a Italian restaurant located in the City center. and is family friendly.
The Punter coffee shop near Café Sicilia, is a decent price and it serves fairly good Indian food too. Doesn't allow kids however.
Average priced food at The Wrestlers coffee shop.  Located near Raja Indian Cuisine on the river. No Families, Sorry
The Cambridge Blue pub serves French food for more than £30 near Café Brazil.
The Cambridge Blue is a three star restaurant located in the middle of nowhere
The Golden Curry has 3 out of 5 stars and is a child friendly Japanese restaurant
Strada is a child friendly Fast food restaurant with a moderate price range  near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
Fitzbillies is a one star family friendly restaurant in the City centre. It offers Italian food in the mid price range.
Fitzbillies has a high price range and is near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
Loch Fyne is a children friendly restaurant that sells fast food and has a high price range.
Strada is a fast food pub near Yippee Noodle Bar that has an average customer rating.
low priced meals at Browns Cambridge coffee shop up the river from the Crowne Plaza Hotel.
There is a venue near Clare Hall in riverside that offers Indian food. It is called Bibimbap House and it's prices range from £20-25.
Also in the riverside area near All Bar One is The Green Man, a moderately price, kid friendly Indian restaurant.
The Rice Boat is a family restaurant that offers fast food options on the river front.
The Vaults is a coffee shop located by the riverside near Café Brazil. The customer ratings are average and the price range is less than £20.
The Rice Boat is near Express by Holiday Inn in the city centre. It provides cheap Chinese food. It has a low customer rating and is not family friendly.
Alimentum restaurant in Cambridge can be found close to Yippee Noodle Bar, not too far from the City centre and close to the river. It has great reviews for its traditional British menu.
The Dumpling Tree is a Japanese restaurant with an average price range.
An Italian restaurant that is child friendly, is The Twenty Two.
The Eagle is a non-children friendly fast food coffee shop in the city centre near Burger King with a high price range and has a customer rating of 1 out  of 5.
The Rice Boat offers 5 star burgers and fries for the family, located near Express by Holiday Inn.
The Dumpling Tree is near The Portland Arms with has Japanese food, kid friendly and is a pub.
Browns Cambridge is a cheap Chinese eatery with a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
There is a cheap Japanese family friendly venue called Green Man located by the riverside near All Bar One
The Golden Curry is a family friendly restaurant that offers a wide variety of menu items including burgers and fries.
Cocum is a child friendly pub, The price is high, and customers give it a 1 out of 5.
The Cambridge Blue is a pub serving Italian food.  It's located near Café Brazil and is generally more than L30
In the price range of £20-25 is Browns Cambridge. It also has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge has moderately priced fast food, 1 out of 5 stars
The Cricketers near The Portland Arms has a customer rating 5 out of 5. It is a family friendly, Japanese coffee shop.
Near the Yippee Noodle Bar in the riverside area, Alimentum has an average customer rating and serves English food at a high price.
The Golden Curry provides Indian food Its customer rating is low.
The Waterman, located on the riverside, is a child friendly British restaurant. The Waterman has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and offers moderate prices.
Blue Spice serves Indian food in the riverside area, price range is L20-25.
The Golden Curry is a Japanese restaurant with a low customer rating and is not family-friendly.
Strada is near Rainbow Vegetarian Café and is an average French restaurant. it is less than £20 and is not family-friendly.
The Eagle is a child-friendly Japanese coffee shop located in the city centre, near Burger King. It receives low customer ratings and is in the high price range.
There is a coffee shop in Café Sicilia and it is called The Punter coffee shop
The Golden Palace is coffee Shop sell Italian food in the moderate price range. It is located in the riverside. The Golden Palace have 3 out of 5 customer rating.
Midsummer House is an Indian restaurant. It can be found near Café Rouge and boasts a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
The Twenty Two is cheap and family friendly. Located near The Rice Boat, in the riverside area, with average customer ratings.
The Plough is a family friendly pub located inside of Café Rouge.
The Rice Boat is a cheap family friendly restaurant.  They serve pasta and are located in the city centre near the Express by Holiday Inn.  They have 1 out of 5 rating.
Near Café Rouge is an Indian pub called The Plough. Prices are high and it is not child friendly.
An Italian Food serving restaurant is The Wrestlers. It has a price range between  £20-25 and is child friendly.
Blue Spice is a child-friendly restaurant in the riverside area with an average price range and a high customer rating.
The Golden Curry serves English food.  It is children friendly and is found in the riverside area near Café Rouge.  It has received an average customer rating.
Close to Raja Indian Cuisine, on the riverside, The Wrestlers coffee shop offers higher priced fast food in a child friendly establishment.
There is Loch Fyne, an English restaurant, is it not child friendly and is highly priced.
The Wrestlers has a high price range with an average rating.
Located in a riverside area, there is Blue Spice, which offers Indian food, at a moderate price range.
Zizzi is a coffee shop located in the city centre. They are not child friendly, have a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and their price range is moderate.
Browns Cambridge is a moderately priced place with a customer rating of 1 out of 5
There is a Fast food restaurant in the city centre called Blue Spice. The price range is less than £20.
The Twenty Two is an adult audience restaurant on the river road.
Aromi is a child friendly coffee shop in the riverside area that serve Japanese food. The customer rating is low
Fitzbillies is a moderately-priced child-friendly restaurant near Express by Holiday Inn. Customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Midsummer House near Café Rouge offers Fast food with a high customer Rating.
Fitzbillies is a Japanese coffee shop with an average customer rating, where you can eat for less than £20 near the city centre and in a family-friendly environment.
The Dumpling Tree is a family-friendly Indian food pup located near The Portland Arms.
Alimentum is an Italian food restaurant average-priced, near the Yippee Noodle Bar highly rated by customers. it is highly rated by customers.
There is a friendly for kids pub called The Olive Grove which provides French food in the moderate prices. It is located on the city centre.
There is this coffee shop name Cotto that provides Indian food in a cheap price range and has a 5 out of 5 customer rating . It's located in the city center near The Portland Arms.
Alimentum has English food for a moderate price.  It isn't kid friendly and is located in the city centre.
The Punter serves French food. It has a moderate price range.
Near Crowne Plaza Hotel, there is a fast food joint called The Waterman. It has a family friendly environment.
The Phoenix, rated 3 out of 5 is a riverside Fast food served at a moderate price range rated 3 out of 5
Wildwood is a pub that offers moderately priced food and beverages in a three-star atmosphere.
In the city centre, near All Bar One, is Green Man.  English food and the prices are under £20.  It is not child friendly.
The Punter is an adult only coffee shop near Café Sicilia serving French food with high prices and high ratings.
The Cambridge Blue offers customers Italian food in a relaxed pub environment. They are located near Café Brazil.
Near Café Sicilia is a low priced pup named The Twenty Two in riverside.
The Waterman, located by the riverside, serves French food in the moderate price range. It is not kid-friendly and has a 1 out of 5 customer rating.
The Olive Grove is a pub with Chinese food located riverside. It is children friendly and has a high price range.
Located near the river, Fitzbillies is a family coffee shop. However, customer ratings are below average.
With meals costing less than 20 pounds and an average customer rating, Travellers Rest Beefeater is located in the city centre near Café Adriatic.
The Rice Boat is an Indian near Express by Holiday Inn in the riverside area, it is family friendly has an average customer rating and is a little expensive.
Blue  Spice is a coffee ship providing drinks in the medium price range. It is located by Avalon along the riverside. Blue Spice is child friendly .
Loch Fyne, a highly popular place near The Rice Boat in Cambridge's city centre, serves Chinese cuisine.
There is a restaurant in the riverside area called The Blue Spice with low customer ratings.  It is not children friendly and had a price range of more than £30.
The Eagle coffee shop serves Japanese food in the £20 - £25 price range but is not child friendly and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and is located near Burger King in the city centre
The Travellers Rest Beefeater is a children friendly restaurant in the high price range.
The Wrestlers is an average rated restaurant that is child friendly and serves Indian food that is priced in the high range.
The French food restaurant, Loch Fyne, has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 and can be found near The Rice Boat in the city centre area.
This customer recommended coffee shop is located in Riverside near The Portland Arms. Cotto offers well priced French food.
If you are searching for a good coffee shop near Café Sicilia, The Dumpling Tree might be the place for you. Children are welcome and the menu is in average £30 and over.
There is a restaurant in the riverside area near Café Adriatic.  It provides meals in the  £30 range and has a high customer rating, the name is Travellers Rest Beefeater.
The Golden Curry is children friendly, a price range of £30, it's near The Bakers who serve Italian food.
The Golden Curry is a French restaurant near Café Rouge in Riverside. this child friendly restaurant rates low in customer satisfaction.
There is a high-priced Japanese restaurant named Alimentum that is located by the river and is child-friendly.
The Eagle, next to the river near Burger King, is an expensive Indian coffee shop with average ratings and a reputation for not being child-friendly.
The Vaults is located near the Café Adriatic with a customer rating of 3 out 5.  They are a pub and have a high price range.
The Waterman is a restaurant serving Italian food. It is child-friendly. This is a cheap place. It is located in the city center. Customer Ratings are 5 out of 5
The Punter has Chinese food at high prices.
Located in the riverside area near All Bar One, Green Man is a children friendly fast food eatery with a high price range.
Blue Spice is located by the riverside. It is family friendly, with low prices and average reviews.
The Rice Boat is a non-family friendly Indian restaurant with a 5 out of 5 rating  near the city centre.
Alimentum is Japanese food that is more than  £30 near Yippee Noodle Bar in the city centre. It is rated 5 out of 5.
The Punter offers cheap Italian food.
Around the corner from Café Brazil, The Cambridge Blue pub is popular for its English cuisine.
There is a high rated Fast food restaurant located in the city centre. It is a coffee shop called The Golden Palace in the £20-25 price range.
Green Man is a restaurant in the expensive range, suitable for families. It is located lose All Bar One.
The Twenty Two is located by the riverside, it serves Japanese food and also very family-Friendly.
The Plough is a kid-friendly pub offering Indian food in the range of £20-25, located near Café Rouge.
Strada is a pub that serves Indian food near the Yippee Noodle Bar. Its customers rate it 1 out of 5 stars.
The Golden Palace is located in the centre of the city and it deserves 5 out of 5.
The Mill coffee shop is located in the riverside area near The Sorrento. They serve Indian food at a cheap price.
Midsummer House has a moderate price range, near the All Bar One that serves French food that has a 1 out of 5 customer rating.
The Vaults is a moderately priced Japanese restaurant which is not family-friendly.
The Golden Curry is a restaurant that you can visit. It's non-familiar place, a cheap site but close to The Bakers.
Although with a low customer rating of 1 out of 5 Zizzi coffee shop is in the moderate price range. This kids-friendly establishment is located near the riverside.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that serves Japanese food. They are a child friendly coffee shop located near the riverside.  Fitzbillies prices sit higher than 30, and their customer ratings are low.
Family friendly and in the riverside area, The Waterman serves Indian food, is less than £20 and has a low customer rating.
In riverside near Burger King, is a French coffee shop called The Eagle. It is not kid friendly, but it has a 3 out of 5 rating and an average price range of £20-25
There is an Italian pub with cheap prices called Wildwood. Customers have rated it 5 out of 5.
Zizzi is a children friendly coffee shop that can be found along the riverside. The beverages served fall within a high price range and it's overall customer rating is average.
The Rice Boat is an Indian cuisine restaurant down by the river side. It has a child friendly atmosphere and customers rate the place 1 out of 5.
The Phoenix, located in city centre, is a French restaurant that received a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
Loch Fyne is a Japanese restaurant which, though kid friendly, has a high price range.
With a 5 out of 5 customer rating, The Waterman is a riverside area pub serving fast food.
Cotto a French restaurant providing child friendly environment with 3 out of 5 rating. Located near Ranch.
For less than 20 pounds, in the city centre, is this coffee shop style Indian food place called The Golden Palace, however the ratings are low.
Fitzbillies is a medium priced restaurant conveniently located near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
There is an inexpensive English restaurant located in the city center called  Alimentum that is very family-friendly.
The Rice boat is placed on riverside area. It is children friendly place serves Japanese food.  Customers rate The Rice Boat low.
The Punter offers a variety of things to order that has a 5 star taste and is located next to Café Sicilia
The Dumpling Tree is an expensive fast food restaurant in the centre of town.
Strada is not a family friendly place. It has a very low customers rating.
Loch Fyne is a family friendly Italian restaurant offering a range of meals to suit all budgets, located close to the city centre
The Rice Boat is centrally located directly on the river, is family friendly, and receives our highest rating.
For a cheap Indian meal in the lovely surroundings of the riverside visit Bibimbap House near Clare Hall.
The Olive Grove pub at the riverside serves Italian food at a price range of more than £30 and is children friendly.
The Dumpling Tree serves French food at a moderate price.
On the riverside there is a kids friendly pub with a moderate price range called The Olive Grove which serves fast food.
The Vaults is a moderately priced pub with a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is located near Café Adriatic.
The Twenty Two is children-friendly French located in riverside
The Waterman is a cheap restaurant that is not family friendly.
The Wrestlers is a family-friendly, highly rated French restaurant located in riverside. £20-25.
There is  a not kid friendly,  moderate- priced Italian restaurant near All Bar One in city centre called Green Man.
Loch Fyne is a family friendly restaurant serving Italian food at less than £20.
The coffee shop 'The Wrestlers' is a French coffee shop who are not children friendly with a price range of over £30. They are located in the city centre, near 'Raja Indian Cuisine'.
With a moderate price range, Strada is a kids friendly person with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Wrestlers, located near Raja Indian Cuisine, is a low-priced coffee shop that does not cater to families of small children.
Loch Fyne is a fast food family restaurant.
Giraffe is located near The Bakers. It is a child friendly coffee shop with an average rating. It falls into the high price range.
Taste of Cambridge is a non-family friendly coffee shop located near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
The Wrestlers coffee shop serves food and drinks cheap prices located next to Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Eagle is a mid-price 5-star sushi bar and coffee shop near Burger King, north of the city center.
The Waterman restaurant, located near the Crowne Plaza Hotel, serves Italian food and is kids-Friendly.
Near Burger King there is a family friendly, French coffee shop The Eagle. It is a cheap place in riverside with a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
The Phoenix serves Japanese food and has a low rating.
Fitzbillies serves Japanese food in a coffee shop. Located in riverside area. Priced more £30 and not kid friendly and rated 5 out of 5 stars.
Strada is a French restaurant for adults located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café. Although it has an average customer rating, it serves dishes for less than 20 pounds.
Aromi is a restaurant located in the riverside that serves Indian food.
A restaurant located near The Six Bells, the Giraffe has a cheap price range.
Adult aimed The Rice Boat, serves fast food in the city centre. Not well rated but convenient.
Browns Cambridge has a high customer rating. The price range is 20-25 English sterling.
The Vaults pub is located near Café Adriatic and has a 3 out of 5 customer rating. Prices are between £20-25.
There is a low priced Italian restaurant called The Punter.
The Vaults is a fast food store with moderate price ranges. It is not kids friendly.
Strada pub offers excellent Chinese food and is near the Yippee Noodle Bar.
With a 1 out of 5 customer rating, Wildwood is a pub that serves Italian food with a moderate price range.
Browns Cambridge is a kids Friendly coffee shop offering Japanese food. It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and is located at Riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
The Golden Curry serves French food in a child-friendly atmosphere.  Customer ratings are low.
The Phoenix Italian restaurant costs more than £30. It is located in the city centre, and has a high customer rating.
The Phoenix is a moderately priced French restaurant near city centre with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Punter is a coffee shop with Indian food with a moderate price Range customer Rating is 3 out of 5 near Café Sicilia and is kid Friendly
The Indian restaurant,The Golden Curry,is not friendly with the moderate, The Bakers
Strada is a children friendly establishment with a price range of more than £30 and a low customer rating.
The Rice Boat is a Chinese restaurant rated average, located near the riverside and child-friendly.
In the city centre, there is The Waterman, it serves expensive English food, it is highly rated and not children friendly.
Blue Spice is a coffee shop with moderate prices near Avalon. It's kid friendly and rated 1 out of 5, you can find it by the city centre.
The Wrestlers is a moderately priced coffee shop in the riverside area, located near Raja Indian Cuisine. It offers Italian food and is child-friendly.
Located next to the riverside, The Mill is a moderately-priced English pub.
The Eagle is a family-friendly coffee shop that offers fast food. It has a low customer rating, is located in city centre, near Burger King, and is expensive.
The Green Man is family friendly. It is in the riverside area near the All Bar One. It serves English food and the price range is cheap.
Fitzbillies near Express by Holiday Inn is not children friendly with a customer rating 3 out of 5. Their price range is high.
A place selling Indian food called Strada is located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café. Although Strada has a high price range, it is children friendly. Overall, it has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
A restaurant known to be kid friendly, Cocum has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Blue Spice serves Chinese food for more than £30 located in the riverside.
There is an Italian coffee shop called Cocum that has a high price range and is rated 1 out of 5 by customers. It is not child-friendly.
Strada is a cheap Chinese restaurant near Rainbow Vegetarian Café. Rating 5 out of 5 and no family Friendly.
There is a coffee shop named Giraffe. It is a cheap friendly coffee shop near The Bakers.
Alimentum is a Fast food restaurant located in the city centre.  It is not a family-friendly restaurant with a price range of less than £20.
Let's go to that Japanese coffee shop by the river near the Crowne Plaza Hotel, Browns Cambridge, it's got an average rating, and it's not family-friendly.
The Rice Boat serves Chinese at moderate prices.  This restaurant located near Express by Holiday Inn is not kid friendly and only has a 1 out of 5 rating.
Near Yippee Noodle Bar, Alimentum is a Chinese food restaurant with an average rating and price. It is located in the city centre.
The Olive Grove is a high-priced pub in the riverside area, serving fast food.
While it received a rating of 1 out of 5 by customer, The Golden Curry is a kid friendly Indian food restaurant located in Riverside near Café Rouge.
The Mill is a cheap fast food pub in the city centre.
Blue Spice is located on the river and provides fine-dining American fare.
The Waterman serves mainly English food. It has a high customer rating with prices ranging from £20-25. It is not child friendly and is located in the city centre.
There is a cheap venue in city centre. The Eagle is highly rated.
Enjoy affordable Japanese food at  The Cambridge Blue, near Café Brazil.
The Rice Boat is a French eatery located near the Express by Holiday Inn in the city centre.  It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 with a price range of £20-25 and is child friendly.
The Mill is a cheap Indian coffee shop located in riverside near The Sorrento.
The Golden Curry is a high end Italian restaurant the whole family can enjoy. Right next to The Bakers.
The Rice Boat is a poor-reviewed, kid-friendly Chinese restaurant in the riverside area.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is near the Café Adriatic in the riverside area. with a 5 out of 5 customer rating and prices starting at £30.
Fitzbillies is not children Friendly and serves fast food and coffee shop. Customers only rate 1 out of 5 stars and the price Range is high. But its in the city centre so its close by
Loch Fyne is a good quality restaurant located near The Rice Boat by the river
Aromi is a pub which has a low customer rating and is not family-friendly. It is in the  city centre.
the customer Rating is so high and we have a kids-friendly area that every kids said yes, the name of this place is The Golden Curry and have great Japanese Food
The Eagle is a pricey, family friendly Italian coffee shop in the City centre, near Burger King. It's rated 3 out of 5.
Alongside The Bakers you will find the fast food restaurant The Golden Curry, open to all ages.
The Alimentum is a cheap family friend French restaurant in Riverside.
The Plough is an English pub near Café Rouge with high prices that is not child friendly.
The Waterman is near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is a family friendly fast food place with a friendly environment.
The Olive Grove provides excellent British pub fare at low prices.
Aromi is a family friendly coffee shop in Riverside that has an average rating.
A pub named Clowns is on the riverside. It costs between £20-£25 and has a rating of 3 out of 5
Loch Fyne is a French restaurant that's not family-friendly with a price range of less than £20.
The Waterman is a 5 out of 5  non family friendly cheap priced Indian food restaurant located in the city centre area.
Kid friendly coffee shop with a moderate price range. The Dumpling Tree is located near Café Sicilia in the city centre.
There is a restaurant The Waterman in the riverside that provides Japanese food in the price more than £30 but it is not children Friendly and having low customer rating.
The Twenty Two is not a kid friendly restaurant but has a high customer rating.  It is located riverside near The Rice Boat and offers meals for 20-25.
Despite having a low customer rating, The Rice Boat, an Italian restaurant located in the city centre, has a family-friendly atmosphere.
The Phoenix sushi restaurant is located next to the river. It's high prices match it's high quality sushi.
Taste of Cambridge has a low rating. its prices are more than £30.
Offering Japanese food The Eagle has a high rating.
The Waterman is an adult only fast food restaurant in Luton which offers highly recommended food at budget prices.
There is a coffee shop in the city centre that serves Indian food called The Golden Palace. It also has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and is in the moderate price range.
Loch Fyne is a children friendly Italian restaurant. It has a high price range.
For less than £20, you can eat at the Green Man, which welcomes  families and is located n the city centre.
Located near Yippee Noodle Bar in the city centre, Alimentum is an English restaurant with a high price range and a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
'Strada' is a pub with moderate price range selling Italian food. It is near Yippee Noodle Bar and has an average customer rating.
The Golden Palace is a Japanese coffee shop in City centre with a 5-star rating and low prices.
The Waterman is a restaurant in the city centre. It has high customer ratings and is kid friendly. This restaurant serves fast food and its prices range from £20-25.
Browns Cambridge has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is cheap.
The Twenty Two is a French food . It's children friendly.
Zizzi is a coffee shop with a low customer rating, in riverside. It has a price range of less than £20 and is not family-friendly.
The Golden Curry's Chinese food rates average by customers perhaps because even though it is nested by the riverside the children friendly restaurant detracts from the location by Café Rouge.
Alimentum is river side family  restaurant far form the noises of the city center.
Alimentum is a fast food restaurant in the moderate price range with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.  They are located in the city centre near Yippee Noodle Bar.
Located near The Bakers you will find The Golden Curry offering Japanese cuisine priced from £20 to 25 in a kids friendly atmosphere.
The coffee shop Cocum serves Japanese food, is children friendly but cost more than 30 euros and has a low customer rating.
The kid friendly pub call Giraffe sells Indian food at the riverside
Strada is a fast food restaurant with a price range of over £30. It is not a child friendly establishment located near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café. Strada has a high customer satisfaction rating.
The Eagle place offers fast food dishes and has 5 out of 5 customer rating.
Kid-friendly Indian restaurant, The Wrestlers, offers a moderate price range, with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Rice Boat serves Indian food for a cheap price that has a decent rating in the city centre that is family friendly near Express by Holiday Inn.
The Golden Curry is located close to The Bakers. It is in the mid price range and family friendly.
Receiving a 3 out of 5 customer rating, The Cambridge Blue is a Fast food restaurant.
Try The Vaults for a kids-friendly Fast food restaurant and a moderate price range.
Green Man is a cheap restaurant serving Chinese food. It is located on the riverside, near All Bar One and is family friendly.
Fitzbillies is a one star coffee shop located north from the City Centre that is family friendly
On the riverside is a family friendly pub called The Olive Grove, which has a good priced menu.
The Waterman in the city centre serves English food at average prices. It has a high customer rating but is unable to accommodate children.
Browns Cambridge is truly an adult dining experience, located near The Sorrento in the city centre, it provides fast food for the busy adult.
Located near The Bakers, The Golden Curry is an English, family-friendly restaurant offering low prices.
Strada has been a hit with the locals gaining a 5 out of 5 customer rating. The pub serves Fast food and is located near the Yippee Noodle Bar.
The restaurant is called Loch Fyne. It provides Italian meals, but is not family-friendly.
near Rainbow Vegetarian Café is a pub in riverside The Golden Palace which has a high price range.
Low cost French food is served in the riverside area at The Phoenix. It has a low customer rating.
Loch Fyne is a restaurant serving Japanese food within the price range of £20-25, it is kid-friendly.
Near Café Sicilia is a pub called The Twenty Two. It is low rated by customers.
Near The Portland Arms in the city centre area , is the coffee shop Cotto, with Indian food in the high price Range and a customer Rating of 1 out of 5.
The Wrestlers sells fast food at a low price. It is family-friendly and has an average customer rating.
There is an Italian coffee shop in riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel named Browns Cambridge that is kid friendly with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Wildwood is an English pub in the high price range with a customer rating of 1 out 5.
The Rice Boat offers kid-friendly English food in the riverside area. It has received a customer rating out 1 out of 5.
The Phoenix is a cheap Chinese restaurant which has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 and is by the riverside.
The Rice Boat provides Japanese food within a price range of more than £30. It is located near The Express by Holiday Inn by the riverside and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Punter is a coffee shop that serves fast food is near Café Sicilia that has a low customer rating that is not family-friendly and price range is less than £20.
Alimentum has a 5 out of 5 customer rating. Located near the Yippee Noodle Bar in the city centre it serves cheap Indian food.
The Rice Boat is located in the city centre near the Express by Holiday Inn. They are a kids friendly Japanese restaurant. Their price range is £20-25 and they have a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a mid-priced restaurant that is family friendly and provides pasta.
Blue Spice in Riverside is affordable and family friendly.
The Cricketers is a restaurant providing Chinese food It is near All Bar One.
In the riverside area, near Café Sicilia, is a pub called The Twenty Two, and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Located near Clare Hall is a riverside Japanese coffee shop called Clowns, which is rated as average by customers.
The Six Bells is neat the high price ranged fast food restaurant named Fitzbillies
Loch Fyne is an Indian restaurant that is not children friendly and high priced.
Wildwood is an adult audience restaurant
In the city centre there's The Golden Palace public house.  It's near Rainbow Vegetarian Café with moderate pricing.
Giraffe is a pub that serves Chinese food.  It is not family friendly and is located near the city centre.
There's a cheap, family friendly coffee shop with an average customer rating called Giraffe near The Bakers.
There is a Japanese restaurant on the riverside called Alimentum. It is family friendly and you can expect to eat there for less than 20 pounds.
The Phoenix could be a diamond in the rough with low prices and a one star rating.
In riverside there is a Chinese restaurant called The Waterman. It has a high customer rating, is kid friendly, and has a price range of 20-25.
The Blue Spice is a children friendly place in the city centre with a high price range that has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Strada a Rainbow Vegetarian Café sells French food that costs more than £30 and has a low rating and is not child friendly.
The Waterman is an average rated fast food place in the city center. It provides food for moderate prices in a kid-friendly environment.
No, The Rice Boat it not kids friendly. Its a Chinese restaurant located by the riverside, near Express by Holiday Inn. Its has moderate prices and customer rating is moderate.
The Mill pub serves  affordable local English foods in Riverside.
Browns Cambridge serves Italian food and is kid friendly and is in the riverside area near The Sorrento.
Strada provides moderately-priced Italian food near Rainbow Vegetarian Café. It is not kid-friendly, and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
looking for an Indian restaurant in the £20 to £25 price range with high customer ratings, in the riverside area near Express by Holiday Inn and is family friendly, then The Rice Boat may be for you
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop offering Japanese food in a child friendly atmosphere with high prices and low customer ratings.
Blue Spice, is a children friendly coffee shop, in the Avalon area with a 1 out of 5 customer rating and a high Price ran
The Waterman in Cambridge is not the cheapest venue, but its sushi meals are highly recommended, and it is family-friendly.
In the upper price range of more than E30 is Alimentum which is located in the riverside area.   It serves French food and is children-friendly.
Wildwood is a coffee shop situated a short walk from Ranch. They offer moderately priced cuisine and a 3 out of 5 star service.
Does not carer foe children but The Green Man serves Fast food, situated close to All Bar One near the riverside has a price list of less than £20.
Cotto is a coffee shop located in the city centre near The Portland Arms.  It offers French food in an average price range of £20-25.  Customers rate this establishment as high.
For family-friendly fast food, go to The Rice Boat in the riverside area.  It has average customer ratings.
Zizzi is a coffee shop in the riverside area. It is not family-friendly, has a low customer rating, and has a price range of less than £20.
There is a moderately priced, child friendly restaurant. It's called Travellers Rest Beefeater.
There is a family-friendly, cheap restaurant in the city centre, called The Waterman. It serves English food and has an average rating by customers.
Strada is located at Rainbow Vegetarian Café and is rated one star. It is family friendly.
There is a place with a great playground for kids, that serves Indian food in a coffee shop like setting.  Its called Aromi and it's in Riverside, the only down fall is they have a rating of 1 out of 5.
The Rice Boat is located in the city centre and serves Italian food.
Located near All Bar One is Midsummer House a fast food restaurant with a £20-25 price range that has a high customer rating.
There is an English pub by the riverside named The Mill. It is moderately priced.
Zizzi offers coffee in a children friendly atmosphere in the riverside area for a price range of more than £30 with high customer ratings.
There is a 3 out of 5 rated coffee shop that is moderately priced in riverside. To find it, look near the Café Brazil, it is called The Vaults.
In the riverside area, there is a pub called The Mill which offers cheap Indian food.
Fitzbillies is located near the Express by Holiday Inn.   It offers moderate prices, good customer ratings, and a kid-friendly environment.
The Waterman provides Chinese food in the cheap price range. It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is average.
Strada  is located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café. This Café is not child friendly and they serve English food. There price range is a little more than your mom and pop restaurant but the customer rate is high so its worth it.
Blue Spice is a cheap priced restaurant in Riverside that has English food.
The Wrestlers is a nice coffee shop with fast food service and lower prices than £ 20 are located in the city center area near Raja Indian Cuisine
Strada is an Italian restaurant that has been rated low by customers and is not family-friendly. Meals are less than £20. It is located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
Fresh Pasta low priced at the Midsummer House up the street from the All Bar One.
Indian coffee shop The Wrestlers is located in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is in the moderate price range and is kids friendly.
For moderately priced fast food visit The Dumpling Tree.
The Rice Boat at the riverside, near Express by Holiday Inn, offers English food in the high price range. It has no children friendly menu and a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Strada serves fast food and is located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café. It is not family-friendly, has a low customer rating but costs less than £20.
Alimentum is a restaurant located on the outskirts of the city next to Yippee Noodle Bar.
The Punter is a cheap French place.
Yes the Browns Cambridge coffee shop offers Japanese food and is children friendly.  Its located in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel.    5 out of 5 rating
The Wrestlers is a low priced Indian restaurant with a low customer rating.
Boasting a high customer rating, The Eagle is the best French cuisine around.
If you want English food there is a restaurant called The Vaults.
The Dumpling Tree is a pub serving English food. although this is not family-friendly, this is situated near The Portland Arms.
A highly rated, 5 out of 5, is The Rice Boat fast food restaurant in the city centre near Express by Holiday Inn.  It's family-friendly and cheap.
Cotto is an Italian coffee shop situated near The Portland Arms. It has a moderate price range and a 3 out of 5 customer rating.
The Mill is a Japanese and coffee shop near The Sorrento by the riverside.
Freshly prepared foods Clowns coffee shop is up the road from Clare Hall.
Loch Fyne is a fast food chain that is rated by its customers to be average. It can be found near The Rice Boat in riverside.
Indian food at a range of more than £30 can be found at The Rice Boat, the customer ratings where high and the area is by the riverside but more specifically by Express by Holiday Inn. This venue is not child friendly.
Browns Cambridge offers Italian food for less than £20 but has a relatively low customer rating.
A moderately-priced Indian restaurant is Midsummer House.  They are near All Bar One and have an average rating of 3 out of 5.
Cocum is a children-friendly restaurant with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Waterman is a family friendly Indian restaurant near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
The Golden Palace is a fast-food coffee shop in the city centre. It has a moderate price range and a customer rating 3 out of 5.
Visit The Plough today and enjoy sushi and the pub for a fair priced family friendly meal near Café Rouge.
Strada near Yippee Noodle Bar is a fast food vendor with an average customer rating.
Child friendly French eatery near Ranch, Cotto, is rated 3 out of 5.
Alimentum is a highly rated Japanese restaurant with prices ranging from £20-25. It is located in the city centre near Yippee Noodle Bar.
The Vaults is a high-priced coffee shop located on the riverside near Café Brazil.
The Waterman is in the riverside area it is family oriented and moderately priced  and has a rating 1 out of 5.
In the Riverside area there is an English venue with a low customer rating called The Phoenix.
The Phoenix is a restaurant. It is located close to the city center and has a superb view across the rive.  The price is pretty reasonable.
The Punter serves English food and has a price range below L20.
The Rice Boat is a high priced Chinese restaurant that is rated 1 out of 5 stars by its customers and is not family friendly near the Express by Holiday Inn in the riverside area.
Eat at this coffee Shop.  Not Child-friendly.  At City Centre called Fitzbillies, with a high customer rating.  The Price Range is more than £30.  Italian.
I recommend Aromi, the coffee shop in the riverside area.  It has fast food, is kids friendly, and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Blue Spice coffee shop yes it is family friendly  with prices less than £20, and is located near Avalon in the riverside area with a low customer Rating.
The Rice Boat is an Italian restaurant near the Express by Holiday Inn in the city centre. It's cheap and family-friendly with an average customer rating.
The Rice Boat, offers Indian food, within  a cheap price range, it has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is located in a city centre, near Express by Holiday Inn, and is not family friendly.
A well rated pub named Cocum, which is not children-friendly costs roughly 20-25 pounds.
Zizzi is a family friendly pub that serves Chinese. It has an average customer rating.
Aromi is a coffee shop located in the riverside area which serves Japanese food. It has an average customer rating and is not family-friendly.
Despite its low rating, The Taste of Cambridge restaurant features meals for less than £20.
Located north of the city center is a low cost family friendly coffee shop named Fitzbillies. Fitzbillies has a rating of 3 out of 5 stars.
English food is served at The Punter at a price range of more than £30.
Cotto is a moderately priced French coffee-shop, near The Portland Arms in riverside. It is rated 1 out of 5.
For a child friendly Indian meal try The Twenty Two on the riverside.
The Eagle is a non-kids-friendly coffee shop with a high customer rating. Serving Japanese food at around £20-25, it's located on Riverside, near Burger King.
Clowns is a pub by the river. It is high-priced but rated five stars.
The Eagle, situated off the main road, provides a fair meal.
There is a family-friendly Italian coffee shop located in the city centre called Aromi. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Midsummer House is a cheap fast food establishment near Café Rouge with average customer ratings.
Cocum is a great place for a coffee, It is a coffee shop
There is a Chinese pub named Wildwood with a 5 out of 5 rating and cheap prices.
The Eagle is a coffee shop which serves French food in the city centre, near Burger King.  It has a reasonable customer rating but is quite expensive and does not actively welcome children.
The Phoenix offers Asian cuisine at affordable prices.  Located conveniently on the river a short distance from St. John's College.
The Wrestlers is a low-priced, family-friendly French restaurant with a 3 out of 5 customer rating.
For well-rated Indian food in a pub setting in the riverside area, The Waterman is a great choice.
Aromi is a family friendly coffee shop  serving Japanese food in the riverside, but the customer rating is low.
Their is a pub called The Olive Grove that serves Japanese food in the riverside area.
Within the riverside area, there is a pub, called The Mill, which offers Indian food in a high price range.
Cheap burgers and fries at The Cambridge Blue restaurant located near the city center.
The Vaults is an Italian restaurant with low-priced food. It's not family friendly.
There is an expensive non children-friendly  English food restaurant called Loch Fyne.
The Green Man is a pub that has Japanese food and is near the Café Rouge around the riverside area.
The Loch Fyne, a child friendly, French restaurant is priced above £30.
The Phoenix is a restaurant providing take-away deliveries in the low price range. It is located in the city centre.
There is a restaurant that called the Green Man located in City Centre by All Bar One, it is kid friendly and it sells Chinese food at a moderate price range.
Travellers Rest Beefeater has a 5 out of 5 customer rating and a price range of more than £30. It is located in the riverside area near Café Adriatic.
Italian food is served at the Strada, a pub with an average customer rating, near the Yippee Noodle Bar.
Kid-friendly fast food The Twenty Two.
Close by Café Rouge, is Wildwood. An average rated restaurant.
The Rice Boat is child friendly, has a high price range and an average customer rating. They serve Italian food near the Express by Holiday Inn in the city centre.
The Phoenix has a view of the river with cheap menu items.
There is an adult pub Zizzi that offers cheap fast food.
Near the Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area is a kid-friendly coffee shop with French food. It is the Taste of Cambridge.
The Rice Boat is a family friendly, medium priced, five star sushi restaurant next to the Express by Holiday Inn.
For average rated Fast food try Wildwood, but its prices are within the high price range
The Mill is a Indian coffee shop in the city centre. Price less than £20.  It is near The Sorrento.
The Phoenix is a Japanese venue with average customer Rating at a riverside area.
The Phoenix is an Indian restaurant in the riverside area offering moderately priced food but with a poor customer rating of 1 out of 5
The Eagle offers Italian food and has average ratings.
there is an affordable and good quality Italian  restaurant located in the city centre called The Phoenix. its been rated average by its customers.
The Phoenix has a low customer rating,  It offers English food and is located in city centre.
Giraffe is a French pub on the riverside that offers a kid friendly atmosphere.
There's an English restaurant near the Crowne Plaza Hotel called The Waterman but its not family-friendly.
Alimentum serves high priced Chinese food. It has an average customer rating and is located near the Yippee Noodle Bar at the riverside.
Strada serves Italian food with a high price range and a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café and is not child friendly.
Loch Fyne is a restaurant that serves Indian food in the moderate price range.  It's not child friendly.
Rated 1 out of 5, Clowns is a coffee shop serving Indian food. Located in the riverside near Clare Hall.
The Punter is a coffee shop serving French food for less than  £20 near Café Sicilia and is not a family-friendly environment.
A moderately priced and rated Indian restaurant in the Riverside area would be The Phoenix.
Near Express by Holiday Inn in the riverside area is The Rice Boat. It is a moderately priced fast food restaurant with poor customer ratings. It is not kid friendly.
Browns Cambridge  is a French restaurant  that is above average price and has a low customer rating.
High priced and located near Express by Holiday Inn, Fitzbillies is high priced with a three out of five customer rating. It is not children friendly.
children-friendly coffee shop near The Portland Arms serving fast food named The Cricketers with an average rating.
The Rice Boat   which has a customer rating or around 3 out of 5 serves French food.  The food is of a high price , and is not children friendly.  It is situated in the riverside area which is also close to  The  Express by Holiday Inn.
Next to the Ranch is a moderately priced coffee shop Wildwood.
The Mill is a pub serving Indian food in the moderate price range. It is located in the city centre.
Taste of Cambridge is a riverside coffee shop near the Crowne Plaza Hotel . It serves fast food and is family friendly.
The Chinese restaurant The Phoenix is in the price range of less than £20 and is in the city centre. It has a low customer rating.
The Waterman is an average priced Fast food family-friendly restaurant, moderately rated in the city centre
The Rice Boat is an affordable, family friendly Indian restaurant in the city centre near to Express by Holiday Inn. Customer rating is low.
Near Ranch, there is a coffee shop called Wildwood. It serves expensive Italian food but has a low rating.
Blue Spice cost more than £30 and is located in the city centre.
Cocum his a kids friendly pub with customer ratings of 3 out of 5 and prices on the higher end.
The Waterman is a family-friendly restaurant providing English food in the cheap price range.  It is located in the city centre
The Waterman is a moderately priced, kids-friendly Indian restaurant with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 located in the city centre.
There is a coffee shop close to Café Sicilia called The Punter that does not cater for families. It serves sushi it is moderately priced, however it has a very bad rating
The Olive Grove is a moderately expensive pub located north of the city centre near the river.
The Dumpling Tree is a pub providing a Fast food near to The Portland Arms. It is friendly for kids.
For an average family friendly meal for less than 20 pounds, try The Twenty Two, located near The Rice Boat on the riverside.
There is a fast food restaurant in city centre with a rating of 1 out of 5 that has high prices called The Phoenix
Taste of Cambridge restaurant for average customer Rating  in high price Range
Cotto is coffee shop also provides Japanese food at a moderate price. It is located near The Portland Arms in the city center. Customers rated Cotto 1 out of 5.
The Phoenix is an Indian food restaurant with a high customer rating. The price range is more than £30 and it is in the riverside area.
Browns Cambridge offers expensive fast food. The restaurant is rated 5 stars.
Blue Spice is a family friendly coffee shop near Avalon in the riverside area. This cheap coffee shop has an average customer rating.
The Mill Italian pub in the riverside area has food in the £20-25 price range.
Hello, and welcome to the Alimentum. Our food is Japanese where we are located  at the riverside, our price range is moderate and we are not kid friendly.
The Waterman, located in city centre, is moderately priced fast food restaurant. They received a 3 out of 5 customer rating.
The Rice Boat is not family-friendly. It also is average rated French food. It is located in the area of city centre.
The Wrestlers is a cheap and family friendly Italian restaurant, with an average customer rating.
The Wildwood is a Japanese pub with a moderate price range and a 1 out of 5 customer rating.
Cotto is an average rated cheap coffee shop with Italian food, near The Portland Arms , down to the riverside.
The Eagle is a restaurant in Riverside.  Offering moderate pricing, it has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Rice Boat is a five star fast food restaurant that is nearby the city centre and good for families.
Browns Cambridge is a highly rated and moderately price  Japanese restaurant.
The Olive Grove, a pub type eatery, is family-friendly with a price range of less than L20. They serve Italian food and are located in the riverside area.
Fitzbillies is a family friendly venue near the Express by Holiday Inn. It has an average customer rating for a cheap price range.
The price is high  for a 1 out of 5 rated place. The Wildwood is a pub and has Italian food.
Wildwood is a kids friendly restaurant.
Fitzbillies is a cheap coffee shop that specializes in family style Italian meals.
The Rice Boat is a restaurant that serves Indian food, at cheap prices, average customer service, located in City Centre, not family friendly located near Express by Holiday Inn
There is an Indian food place named Blue Spice in the city centre with a moderate price range.
The Phoenix is a French restaurant by the riverside has a high customer rating.
The Phoenix is in the city centre with an average customer rating. They have fast food with a high price range.
Fitzbillies is a Japanese restaurant near The Six Bells.  Plates tend to be more than £30.
Expensive, The Twenty Two, is family friendly with average ratings. It is located by the riverside, near The Rice Boat
There is an Indian restaurant by the riverside named Green Man that has prices less than £20, that is not family friendly, and is near All Bar One.
Join us at The Eagle for good English food. With a 5 out of 5 star rating, you can't go wrong.
The Golden Palace's sushi dishes are very expensive, but only rank in at 3-stars according to reviews. The coffee shop can be found beside the river, north of the city center.
The adult pub The Dumpling Tree is located near The Portland Arms and serves Japanese food.
There is a Japanese restaurant with low rank its The Phoenix
This restaurant's not kid friendly and it's called The Waterman.  This eatery serves English food and is located in the Riverside area.  Menu items are in the moderate price range and were given only a 1 out of 5 customer rating.
The Phoenix offers cheap English food located in riverside.
The Twenty Two, is a riverside restaurant located near The Rice Boat with a moderate price range and a customer rating of 3 out of 5 along with a kid friendly environment.
Cocum coffee shop is a medium quality, medium priced,  family shop.
Fitzbillies is a moderately priced French coffee shop serving the riverside area with a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It's a moderately priced restaurant that is not kid friendly.
A cheap restaurant in riverside is named Blue Spice.
The Golden Curry is a family-Friendly venue near The Bakers.  It serves low-priced French food in the range of less than E20.
Blue Spice is on the more expensive side, with food over the price of £30.
Blue Spice coffee shop is located near the riverside area and is not kid friendly. We have a customer rating of 5 out of 5 with a price range of more than £30. You can find us near the Avalon.
Midsummer House serves Indian food.  It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and the price range is high and it is near All Bar One.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop with a good rating and a low-priced menu. It is family friendly.
Riverside Italian food and coffee shop names The Eagle, located near Burger King. Prices from £20-25 and is kid Friendly.
For less then 20 pounds, and a family friendly restaurant is the Strada, which has a low customer rating.
A riverside top favorite for Italian food, Loch Fyne is located by The Rice Boat.
The Rice Boat is a highly rated restaurant that offers low priced French food. It is not family-friendly and is located in the city centre near Express by Holiday Inn.
The Rice Boat provides Indian food It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is low.
There is a pub  by the riverside called Aromi that is children friendly and has a customer service rating of average.
Strada costs less than £20 and serves fast food. It can be found near Rainbow Vegetarian Café. It is not family-friendly and has a low customer rating.
The Rice Boat is a family-friendly restaurant that sells English food located in the city centre with a customer rating  of low
The Chinese restaurant called The Phoenix is located in the riverside area. The customer rating is low, but is in a comfortable price range. It is less than twenty.
Aromi is a kid friendly pub located in the riverside area with an average rating of 3 out of 5.
The Dumpling Tree provides Indian food at a cheap price.
Giraffe is a restaurant near The Six Bells that has a moderate price range.
The Golden Palace is an inexpensive fast food. coffee shop situated near the river.
With a 5 out of 5 rating the Travellers Rest Beefeater is situated by the riverside near Café Adriatic. The average price for is more than £30.
There is a family friendly coffee shop called Fitzbillies. It is mid priced and can be located by the river.
Wildwood coffee shop located near Ranch, offers oriental cuisine at a moderate price with good customer service. Rated 3 out of 5 stars.
Though it has an average customer rating, The Golden Curry is a good option for families in the city centre area near Café Rouge. It has an average customer rating.
Near Café Brazil, there is The Cambridge Blue which is a pub serving English food that is high priced
Chinese restaurant in the City center. Come to The Waterman , child friendly with high customer ratings.
There is a  highly-rated pub called Zizzi; its  customers gave it 3 out of 5. It serves Italian food and is child-friendly.
The Waterman is a high rated fast food restaurant that is not kid friendly, priced 20-25 and is located on the riverside.
Fitzbillies is north of the city centre and serves American food at a steep price.
Bibimbap House is located in Riverside near Clare Hall. They serve high priced Italian food.
Located near The Sorrento, Browns Cambridge is a Japanese restaurant that is also kid friendly.
The Mill is a coffee shop providing French food in the city centre near of The Sorrento
Green Man is a high-price ranged Italian eatery that is in a riverside area. Located near All Bar One, Green Man is not a child-friendly environment.
Just across from The Portland Arms City Centre is a high end, high praised Japanese coffee Shop called Cotto.
Loch Fyne is the name of an English food family friendly eat type restaurant .
Browns Cambridge in the riverside area near The Sorrento has child-friendly fast food.
The Cocum is a high price, average value family friendly coffee shop.
The Vaults is an expensive but child friendly fast food restaurant.
Fitzbillies is moderately priced and near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
The Phoenix on the riverside is rated average by customers. It serves Fast food with a high price tag.
An Italian place named The Punter is high priced.
A pub near the Café Rouge in the city centre is the Green Man. It has fast food.
Aromi is a French restaurant in the Riverside area
in the city centre there is a coffee shop that is not child friendly  which also serves French food called Fitzbillies , it has high customer ratings and is in the £20-£30 price range
Nice English food is serves in city centre, Blue Spice. Prices range less than £20.
The Golden Curry is an above averagely priced Indian near The Bakers.
The Rice Boat is a higher priced, family friendly, fast food restaurant located near Express by Holiday Inn by the river.
Try The Wrestlers, try some sushi,  five star food and a mid-range price thats family friendly.
Aromi in Riverside, is a child friendly, low rated, pub.
The Strada is a low rated  pub located near Yippee Noodle Bar that provides Indian food.
Midsummer House is a restaurant with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 and has a moderate price range; it is located near All Bar One.
A family-friendly restaurant located in riverside near All Bar One goes by the name Green Man and serves English food in the price range below £20.
Aromi is a coffee shop and they serve French food and have a customer rating of a 3 out of 5. They are located in the riverside area.
Aromi coffee shop offers food and drink. It has great ratings and is family friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a child Friendly restaurant serving Italian food near The Sorrento in the riverside area.
There is a high priced Italian restaurant named Strada near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café. It is child friendly, and is rated 1 out of 5 by its customers.
The coffee shop Fitzbillies is in the riverside area and has Japanese food. It is in the price range of less than £20 and is not family-friendly. It has an average customer rating.
The Waterman is a moderately priced family friendly Indian restaurant in the cities center.
Green Man in the Riverside Area which is child friendly and in the more than £30 price range
Indian restaurant, The Golden Curry, has an affordable price range under £20. It can be found near The Bakers. Please note it is not family friendly.
Green Man is a French restaurant and found near All Bar One in riverside.  It has a high price range but it is a child friendly environment.
The Rice Boat provides Indian food It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is average.
Near the Express by Holiday Inn, located along the riverside is a cheap not so family-friendly Fast food restaurant name The Rice Boat with average customer rating
The Phoenix, located in the Riverside area, offers Chinese food in a moderate price range.  It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Cotto is an average Indian coffee shop with low prices.  It is located by the river and near The Portland Arms.
The Dumpling Tree does not sell coffee for the family, but it's good . It is located north of the City center. , one block from Café Sicilia.
Wildwood is a highly rated Fast-food pub, with a price range of more than £30.
The Phoenix is an average rated French restaurant situated within the city centre.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is a mid priced, high rated restaurant in the city centre near Café Adriatic.
Green Man is a Chinese restaurant located in city centre. It is a family friendly place and price range is less than 20. It is located near All Bar One
restaurant near the Café Rouge called Midsummer House provides Italian food. High customer rating.
The Phoenix serves French food in the £20 - £25 price range is located in the Riverside area and has a 3 out of 5 customer rating
The Waterman restaurant located near Crowne Plaza Hotel offers French food and is children friendly.
There is a average customer rated  coffee shop that serves Indian food by the riverside. It is near Crowne Plaza Hotel and is very family friendly. The name is Browns Cambridge.
The Waterman is a yes to family friendly. It serves Italian food near the Crown Plaza Hotel.
Browns Cambridge has excellent ratings and is a French, coffee shop in the city centre, near Crowne Plaza Hotel
The Golden Curry is a fast food store that sells Japanese food. They are no a kid friendly store near The Bakers and have a moderate price range.
The Cambridge Blue is a traditionally British restaurant, offering 3 star food
Browns Cambridge serves Japanese food. Its customer rating is high and has an average price range of £20-25.
The restaurant Zizzi serves for £20-25 and is located by the riverside.
The Vaults serves Chinese food for less than £20 and is not family friendly.
A kid friendly restaurant in the riverside area is Green Man.  The price range is £20-£25.
The Punter sells French food at average prices.
The Eagle is a 1 out of 5 stars Indian coffee shop near Burger King in the city centre. It is in the high price range, but is children friendly.
The Rice Boat is a child friendly environment in the riverside area. The customer rating is high and it provides Italian food
Wildwood is a moderately priced, highly rated pub.
Indian food serving pub, Zizzi, is not family friendly and has a low customer rating.
The Wrestlers is a children friendly coffee shop with a price range of more than £30. It also serves Japanese food and is located in  the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine.
There is a fast food coffee shop in the city centre called The Golden Palace. It has a 3 out of 5 customer rating.
There is a fast food coffee shop in the city centre called Aromi. It is family-friendly, and it has a high customer rating.
Aromi is a family-friendly coffee shop offering Italian food. It is not family-friendly, customer rating on average and located in city centre.
The Golden Palace is a 5 star place located along the river in the city centre.
There is a moderately priced restaurant in the riverside area called Blue Spice.  Blue Spice is kid friendly and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Eagle is a 1 star restaurant in the riverside area. It is moderately priced.
Browns Cambridge is an Indian restaurant with moderate prices. It has received a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Cricketers is a kid friendly restaurant that is located near Ranch. It has a 3 out of 5 customer rating.
Alimentum is an expensive Chinese food restaurant for adults that is located in the riverside area.
Blue Spice is a low priced restaurant outside the centre
Riverside area offers a children friendly pub with an average customer rating called Aromi.
The price range of Strada restaurant is high.  It is child friendly with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Eagle offers Indian food and is rated 5 out of 5.
The Rice Boat, located in Riverside, is a kid-friendly Japanese restaurant with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Strada is a pub near Yippee Noodle Bar serving French food and is rated 5 out of 5 by the customers.
Cocum is a coffee shop offering Indian food in the high price range. The customer rating is average and it is not children friendly.
The Blue Spice is a adult only high end restaurant near the riverside offering customers a great place to eat
Cocum, a 5-star, mid-cost coffee shop offering fancy fare and spirits for the whole family.
Looking for Italian food and a coffee shop, you can find it all in one place at The Golden Palace located in the riverside area. Prices are low and ratings are high
The Eagle is a French coffee shop average rated located in the city center near Burger King. You pay less than £20 in a non family environment.
Zizzi, is a Pub, with a high customer rating, with Italian food, and is children friendly.
Fitzbillies is a family friendly coffee shop that offers French food. The food at Fitzbillies costs less than  £20 and has a low customer rating. It can be found near the riverside area.
The Plough has Italian  it  is near Café Rouge it is a pub but no children allowed and the prices are high.
Strada is a pretty expensive fast food family restaurant with a three-star rating. It is located near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
The Waterman is  a Japanese pub near riverside with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Wrestlers, a family friendly coffee shop that serves French food with prices less than L20.  It is in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine.
Fitzbillies coffee shop serves cheap Indian food. They're average rated, not family friendly and located in riverside.
Blue Spice is well known for high price and being friendly to children. It is by the riverside and it is rated as 3 out of 5 by its customers
Fitzbillies is found near Express by Holiday Inn. It has an  average customer rating in the cheap price range and is family friendly.
There is a French coffee shop located at the riverside called Aromi. It is family friendly but customer rating is low.
The Olive Grove is a mid priced family friendly pub. It is located near to the City Centre
Near The Rice Boat, lies an expensive, low rated Café named The Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
There is Japanese food in riverside with average prices and high customer ratings at Fitzbillies, a kid friendly coffee shop.
Italian coffee shop, Browns Cambridge, is in the city centre, near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It has a low customer rating and is not child friendly.
The Waterman is a low rated restaurant located in the riverside area. They serve cheap Indian food and are not family friendly.
Taste of Cambridge is a highly rated restaurant with average price range of £20-25.
The Rice Boat with a ratings of 3 out of 5 offers a moderate price for their Chinese food. It is located in the city centre near Express by Holiday Inn and is not kids friendly.
French food is served at Alimentum, a children-friendly restaurant in the riverside area.  The price range is more than E30.
Located in the centre of the city, The Waterman is a non child friendly Italian restaurant with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and high prices.
There is a low-rated, child-friendly, French coffee shop near The Portland Arms called The Cricketers.
For those with children in tow and a higher budget, Fitzbillies is an Italian style coffee shop located in the city centre.
Browns Cambridge is a Fast food restaurant coffee shop in riverside area close to Crowne Plaza Hotel. 3 out of 5 customers rate is as kids friendly.
By the riverside, there is a high priced Fast food place called The Golden Palace with a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is like a coffee shop.
Wildwood is a high-priced pub that provides tasty food.
The Rice Boat sells English food that is less than £20, not family-friendly and has a customer rating that is low located in the city centre near Express by Holiday Inn
Giraffe at the riverside is a children friendly French establishment that includes an adult pub.
Loch Fyne is a family-friendly Chinese restaurant.
The Punter is a 5 star, full priced family friendly coffee shop. It is located near to the Café Sicilia
Looking for a family friendly Italian food restaurant with average customer rating  look no more visit The Golden Curry.
By the riverside there is a French restaurant called The Golden Curry. It is children friendly and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is also near to Café Rouge.
In riverside is The Phoenix which serves English food and had a high customer rating.
There is a kids friendly fast food place thats moderately priced called Green Man by All Bar One.
Fitzbillies, a fast food restaurant with low prices is located near The Six Bells.
The Mill is an English pub in riverside with a high price range.
This non family friendly restaurant, The Waterman,  is located by the margin of the river and provides pasta for a cheap price.
If you want Japanese food, go to The Waterman restaurant that sells cheap food. They are not kid friendly but they do have a rating of 5 out of 5. They are located in riverside.
Zizzi is an Italian pub that welcomes children, but only has an average rating.
Cocum is a family friendly restaurant with a low customer rating.
The Rice Boat serves Indian food at moderate prices, with 3 out of 5 rating and children friendly. You can find The Rice Boat near Express by Holiday Inn, in the city centre.
The Vaults is a family-friendly fast food restaurant. The price range is less than 20 pounds.
The Golden Curry is a kid friendly, grate place to eat English food.
The Blue Spice provides English food in the £20-25 range.  It is located in the riverside area.
There's a coffee shop in the riverside area near the Raja Indian Cuisine.  It's called The Wrestlers, offers Italian food with a moderate price range and is kids-Friendly.
If you're looking for Indian food for less than  £20 in the city centre, I would recommend The Phoenix. The customer rating is low though.
Giraffe is a restaurant near The Six Bells priced over £30.
The Phoenix is a French food. It located near riverside. . Many people rated it 5 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is an Italian restaurant for adults only that is really cheap and has great ratings, 5 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a family-friendly coffee shop specializing in Italian cuisine.
Strada is in the moderate price range. They have a customer rating of 1 out of 5. They are not kid friendly.
Fitzbillies is a high-priced low-rated coffee shop in the city centre, serving Indian food. It is child friendly.
The Eagle is a cheap, family-friendly French coffee shop, in the Riverside area. It is near Burger King, and has a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
The Golden Palace coffee shop in riverside serves French food. Prices start at  £30, and customer Rating is low.
Near The Rice Boat in Riverside, there is an English food place called Bibimbap House.
The Browns Cambridge coffee shop is rated one star and it is located near the Crown Plaza Hotel.
Located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café,there is an Italian restaurant named Strada. It has a low customer rating and a price range under £20.
The Olive Grove is a  Japanese pub that's located in riverside . its children  friendly  and has a price range of more than £30.
Italian food served at The Punter is more than £30.
By Express by Holiday Inn, in the City Centre, there is a sushi restaurant called The Rice Boat.  It is not family-friendly, and is rated one out of five stars.
Giraffe is a restaurant with a high price range near The Six Bells.
Green Man is a child friendly restaurant that offers high quality French food. This restaurant is located in Riverside near All Bar One.
The price of an outing at Fitzbillies a child friendly venue is £30. The rating is 5 out of 5 and out is near Express by Holiday Inn.
One place to buy cheap English food is called The Wrestlers. It is  family friendly and receives average ratings.
The Rice Boat serves Chinese food priced between £20-25. It is not child friendly and is located near Express by Holiday Inn in riverside.
A coffee shop called The Vaults is situated by the riverside, and is slightly expensive. It is near Café Brazil, and is popular with customers.
Green Man is an Indian food place with a price range of less than £20.  It is family friendly and located in the city centre near All Bar One.
Alimentum serve French food in riverside and have a moderate price range. They are not kid friendly.
Midsummer House is a very affordable place to stay, coming in at around, £20-25. Midsummer House also has the best Indian food in town. It has a high customer rating and is near the famous All Bar One.
The Phoenix restaurant for Italian suitable prices food located in riverside.
The Golden Curry, Japanese, restaurant gets low customer ratings.  It's on the riverside, near to the Café Rouge but isn't family-friendly.
If you are looking for a restaurant that serves English food and has a high customer rating, check out The Rice Boat.  It is located in the riverside area near the Express by Holiday Inn and has a price range between 20 and 25 pounds.
The Phoenix is a restaurant with a low price range, has a customer rating of 1 out of 5, and is located in the City Centre.
The Wrestlers serves high quality breakfast food that is family friendly and has above average pricing.
The Twenty Two has English food and is not family-friendly.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop providing Indian food in the less than £20 price range. It is located in the city centre. It is near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is an Italian restaurant rated high by our customers, with prices ranging from £30 +.
Midsummer House is an average rated Japanese restaurant near Café Rouge.
The Mill is an Indian pub which is in riverside and is moderately priced.
Taste of Cambridge is a moderately priced restaurant with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Aromi is a family-friendly coffee shop that serves pasta. It is located near the river.
In the city centre near to Yippee Noodle Bar is Alimentum a high priced fast food outlet with an average customer rating.
If you are willing to spend over 30 pounds, there is a pub style Chinese place called The Mill in Riverside.
An expensive pub called Clowns can be found in City centre.  It is a five-star pub.
The Mill is a coffee shop that serves Japanese at the riverside. It is near The Sorrento and its price range is less than £20.
There is a pub near the Yippee Noodle Bar that serves Indian Food named Strada. It, however, has a low customer rating.
Zizzi is a pub which serves French food. It is highly rated by customers who gave it 5 out of 5 but it is not family-friendly.
The Phoenix serves English food on the riverside, despite a low customer rating
The Phoenix is a Japanese venue with an average customer rating found in the city centre.
There is a kid friendly pub near The Portland Arms called The Dumpling Tree serving French food.
Browns Cambridge is a kid-friendly coffee shop nearby the Crowne Plaza Hotel.
For a family friendly place near The Six Bells, try The Golden Curry.
The Golden Curry is a family friendly low price Japanese restaurant near The Bakers.
The Wrestlers is a cheap and family friendly coffee shop in the Riverside area. The Wrestlers serves fast food and is located near Raja Indian Cuisine.
There is a family-friendly, Italian coffee shop in the city centre area with a low price range and low customer rating named Fitzbillies.
The Eagle has a high price range, serves Italian food, is a coffee shop, has an average customer rating, is near the city centre and Burger King and is children friendly.
There is a restaurant near Ranch called Cotto that serves French food that is family friendly and has a low customer rating.
The Cricketers is a coffee shop that is children friendly, highly rated Italian food, and is near The Portland Arms.
Strada is a fast food. pub with low customer ratings near Yippee Noodle Bar.
The Cricketers is located near The Portland Arms, it offers low quality goods and is not family friendly.
Near the Ranch, you can find Wildwood which has a high customer rating.. An Italian coffee shop with prices varying between £20-25.
Cotto is a fast food coffee shop in the city centre near The Portland Arms. It is expensive and has average reviews.
The Eagle got English food and the rating is high.
Zizzi is a restaurant on the riverside which offers food for under 20.
Browns Cambridge is located near The Sorrento in the city centre. It offers Japanese food. It is not family-friendly.
For family French cuisine eat at Giraffe at the riverside. They are children friendly.
Get top dollar rated fast food for your family at riverside, in The Rice Boat.
Aromi is a French restaurant located in the Riverside area.
The Rice Boat near Express by Holiday Inn in the city centre is cheap but not family-friendly. They provide Fast food with a customer rating 5 out of 5.
A coffee shop that serves Italian food in riverside with a low customer rating and a price range that is under £20 is The Golden Palace.
For the average pub style restaurant visit The Vaults, located near Café Adriatic.  The price range is high.
Wildwood  is a high price range fast food placed with a 1 out of 5 rating.
The Wildwood is a moderately priced fast food restaurant based near the Ranch in the city centre.
The Eagle is a French, family-friendly coffee shop near Burger King in the Riverside area. The Eagle has an average customer rating and prices in the average range.
The Waterman is a kid friendly restaurant located in riverside. It serves Italian food , a high customer rating , as well as a price range of £20-25.
For cheaply priced Japanese food the Cocum coffee shop has been rated 5 out of 5 by past customers.
The Travellers Rest Beefeater that is near Café Adriatic has a 5 out of 5 customer rating and a high price.
Customer rated as average cheap Italian food is served in riverside area at family friendly The Waterman.
The Golden Curry is family friendly and offers fast food. They have a low customer rating. They are in the riverside area near Café Rouge.
There is a coffee shop called Taste of Cambridge located in the riverside area near the Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is family friendly and serves Indian food.
There is a highly priced coffee shop with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 in the city centre serving fast food called The Golden Palace
Strada is a Japanese pub located by Yippee Noodle Bar, and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Cotto is an averagely rated cheap fast food coffee shop in the city centre near The Portland Arms.
In riverside check out The Phoenix. It serves English food is priced cheaply and is rated 5 out of 5.
Alimentum providing fast food start from £30. It is located in the riverside near Yippee Noodle Bar and high customer rating.
A cheap, family-friendly restaurant, The Punter, is located in the riverside area near The Portland Arms.
You can buy cheap Japanese food at the coffee shop called Fitzbillies in the riverside area. It is not family-friendly and has an average customer rating.
You can expect to pay between £20 - £25 for Japanese food at Cocum. This is a coffee shop with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Twenty Two is an Indian restaurant located in the riverside area. It is not a family friendly eatery.
Zizzi is a pub that is rated one star and is not family friendly
The Punter offers fast food for a great deal at less than £20.
The Waterman is a Chinese food place with low customer Rating,  but price Range less than  £20 and family friendly, located in riverside.
The Rice Boat is French,family-friendly located on the riverside with customer rating 5.
Aromi is a coffee shop providing Indian food It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is average.
There is a restaurant locate in the city centre called Zizzi which has price range of less than £20
Located near Café Adriatic, The Vaults offers high-priced pub fare and gets a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Waterman is a children friendly place that offers fast food in the high price range. It's located in the riverside area and has an average customer rating.
'The Eagle' is an Italian coffee shop near Burger King in the city center. It has poor reviews but is perfect for kids and boasts reasonable prices.
Aromi is a restaurant in riverside. Aromi serves English food.
Browns Cambridge is a kids friendly venue near to The Sorrento in the Riverside area, offering a full English menu.
The Midsummer House near Café Rouge serves fast food with a high customer rating.
Alimentum is a fair-priced venue located next to Yippee Noodle Bar.
The Twenty Two is an Italian restaurant located on the river that does not cater to families.
Clowns is a coffee shop in Riverside near Clare Hall.  It serves Japanese food and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Cricketers restaurant, located near All Bar One, offers English style foods.
The Punter is a coffee shop that serves fast food is near Café Sicilia that has a low customer rating that is not family-friendly and price range is less than £20.
A kids friendly restaurant named The Plough is located near The Bakers with a price range of £20-£25.
The Giraffe Pub is a great affordable place to order take out for delivery in the centre of the city.
The Waterman along the riverside is an English pub with a low customer rating.
Lower than average ratings, but conveniently located near the Riverside, close to Café Rouge. The Golden Curry serves Indian food.
Fitzbillies is a restaurant that serves English food. The restaurant is highly priced and is located near The Six Bells.
Zizzi is a three-star family pub that serves sushi.
Along riverside is The Waterman, it has Fast food with a cheap price range and a customer rating. It is not family-friendly.
Browns Cambridge is an Indian restaurant near The Sorrento. It is in the city centre and is family friendly.
The Eagle is a kids friendly coffee shop in Riverside near Burger King that serves Italian food for £20-25. It has a high customer rating.
The Giraffe in the riverside area is a kids friendly pub that serves English food.
The Mill is a pub in the riverside area that serves Italian food
Blue Spice is average rated, expensive, located in Riverside. It is children friendly at least.
Taste of Cambridge is a pub located near the River Cam and The Sorrento in Cambridge. It is not suitable for families with small children.
Zizzi is an expensive restaurant by the river.
In the city center, near The Rice Boat, The Twenty Two is located. There prices are less than £20, its not family-friendly and has a low customer rating.
Near The Six Bells you will find an expensive restaurant called Fitzbillies.
Cotto is an inexpensive coffee shop located near The Portland Arms in the city centre. It serves Japanese food and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Wildwood Japanese food pub has a 5 out of 5 customer rating and is cheap.
The Punter is a kid friendly French coffee shop in the moderate price range near Café Sicilia with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
There is a non-family friendly coffee shop called Taste of Cambridge in the city centre, near Crowne Plaza Hotel, which serves Indian food.
If you want average price range and child friendly, visit The Waterman.
Alimentum, located in city centre, serves Japanese food for more than £30 and is not child friendly.
A cheap family friendly pub in the riverside area is The Olive Grove.  They serve Italian cuisine.
Rich families enjoy eating at The Wrestlers, a nice sushi restaurant
Riverside has a family-friendly restaurant which costs less than 20 pounds.  They serve English food, and have a low customer rating.  They are called The Waterman.
The Blue Spice is a cheap  coffee shop in the riverside area.  It is a family friendly restaurant with an average customer rating located near Avalon.
The Wrestlers is a child friendly high priced fast food and coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine in riverside.
Italian food coffee shop The Wrestlers has a moderate price range and is not kid friendly. The Wrestlers is located near Raja Indian Cuisine in riverside.
The Twenty Two is not family friendly but offers Chinese food in centre city.
Zizzi is a pub providing Indian food Its customer rating is average.
Near Raja Indian Cuisine, in the riverside area lies The Wrestlers coffee shop which serves Japanese food, is kid friendly with a price range of £20-£25.
Cocum is a coffee shop providing Indian food in the high price range. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Highly rated and located near the city center, Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that provides Fast food in the L20-25 price range.  It is not kids friendly.
Near The Portland Arms down to the riverside is Cotto a cheap coffee shop with Italian food , with an average customer rating .
freshly prepared the Green Man is low priced overlooking the river up the road from All Bar One.
Zizzi is pub serving Italian food. not kid friendly. Rated 5 out of 5 stars
The Rice Boat is located by the riverside and serves Indian food.
There is an Italian based restaurant down the road named the Loch Fyne, I hear it is reasonably priced.
Cotto is a coffee shop near The Portland Arms in the city centre. They have an average rating and the prices are cheap. They serve Indian food.
Midsummer House is Located near All Bar One.  It is expensive yet only rated one star
Situated near Yippee Noodle Bar on the riverfront, north of the City centre, the 3-star 'Alimentum' restaurant serves moderately-priced Japanese fare.
The Twenty Two is an Indian sited on the riverside. It isn't family friendly.
Clowns is a cheap pub with an average customer rating in the riverside area
The Wildwood pub serves fast food at value prices and is rated 5 stars
There is a fast food restaurant with low ratings called The Cambridge Blue.
The Golden Curry is located near The Bakers serving French food and are family friendly. They have a price range of less than £20
The Olive Grove is a pub that sells Indian food and the price range is less than  £20.  It is not family friendly and located in the center of the city.
A Japanese restaurant called The Waterman, is family-friendly with low customer ratings and price range less than £20. It is located in city centre.
The expensive restaurant The Dumpling Tree offers pasta.
The Taste of Cambridge is a coffee shop located next to Crowne Plaza Hotel. The Taste of Cambridge is  a non family friendly coffee shop.
The Punter is a low-priced coffee shop located near Café Sicilia that provides fast food.
Midsummer House offers cheap Fast food near All Bar One. It has been rated average by previous customers.
The Twenty Two,  a kid friendly, Japanese restaurant.
The Cambridge Blue is an Italian style pub located near Café Brazil. Priced mid range.
A exceptional high end eatery that serves quick food and is located by All Bar One is named Midsummer House.
The Waterman is a fast food restaurant that is family friendly. It can be found to the north of the city center.
The Twenty Two is an expensive, family friendly venue in the riverside area, close to The Rice Boat.  It has a customer rating 3 out of 5.
Near Café Sicilia in the riverside area is a highly rated pub called The Twenty Two.
Taste of Cambridge is a coffee shop on the river just north of the city center. It's located due east of the Crown Plaza Hotel.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop offering Indian food in the high price range. It is in the city centre and has a high customer rating, but is not child friendly.
Zizzi is a low priced family friendly coffee shop in the riverside area with an average customer rating.
A French cuisine is provided at the Loch Fyne restaurant, in a family friendly scene.
Located next to Express by Holiday Inn is The Rice Boat, offering low-quality pasta to families.
Located in the city centre is The Olive Grove. It has a high price range and sells English food. It is a child friendly pub.
By The Portland Arms lies a kid friendly coffee shop, The Cricketers,  an Italian restaurant despite having a  customer rating of 1 out of 5
With a friendly atmosphere, good service and children welcome, The Twenty Two in riverside, near The Rice Boat, the slightly more than average price is worth it.
Fitzbillies is a low priced coffee shop, located outside of the city centre and offers a mature setting.
The Rice Boat restaurant serves English food in the less than £20 price range. It is located near the Express by Holiday Inn in riverside an has a low customer rating.
Cotto is a 5 out of 5 customer rated fast food restaurant situated near Ranch.  It is family friendly.
The Wrestlers is a low rated mid price Italian restaurant.  It is family friendly.
Loch Fyne is a fast food restaurant, but is not family-friendly.
The Olive Grove is a moderate-priced, kid-friendly pub serving Italian food, located near the riverside.
There is a coffee shop called The Cricketers that provides Indian food. It has a customer rating of  1 out of 5 stars and is located near The Portland Arms. It is kid friendly.
Alimentum in Riverside is a children friendly restaurant that serves food for more than  £30.
There is a pub costing more than £30 named Wildwood serving Japanese food with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Mill is a coffee shop that serves Indian food for less than £20. They are located in the riverside area near The Sorrento.
Near the Express by Holiday Inn in the city centre, average and family-friendly, The Rice Boat specializes in cheap French cuisine.
Priced moderately, highly rated Cocum serving Indian food coffee shop style that is not kid friendly.
The Golden Curry is a kid friendly Chinese restaurant with a 1 out of 5 customer rating.
If you are looking for something in the price range of less than £20 there is a family friendly restaurant called the Travellers Rest Beefeater not too far from here.
A French food serving pub with moderate prices, The Mill is located in the city centre.
Strada is a non-kid-friendly restaurant with a very high customer rating and averagely priced.
The Waterman is a high priced Chinese restaurant with high prices and low customer rating. It is located in Riverside and is child friendly.
Children are welcomed at a coffee shop that serves French food located near the river. It's called Aromi and has a rating of 3.
Browns Cambridge has an average customer rating, and serves cheap English food.
The Punter, a coffee shop near Café Sicilia, offering 3 Star Italian cuisine and Spirits, for a low price for the whole family.
The Cricketers coffee shop s near The Portland Arms, although it has a low rating they serve a family friendly French menu with a low rating.
The Waterman serves families 5 star pasta, located near the river.
Rated 3 out of 5, The Eagle is a restaurant on the riverside with a price range of £20 - £25.
There is a kid friendly 1 star Japanese place near Ranch.  It is named Cotto.
The Mill is a coffee shop that serves reasonably-priced Japanese food in the riverside area near The Sorrento.
The coffee shop is The Golden Palace with Japanese food in city centre. It's a moderate price. Their rating is only 1 out of 5.
In the riverside area is a Fast food pub that is in the high price range called The Mill.
The Wrestlers is a non-family-friendly English restaurant with a cheap price range and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a family-friendly restaurant offering British food in the low price range.
The Eagle coffee shop is located in the city centre near Burger King. It is a kid friendly moderately price establishment which offers fast food. Customers rate it 3 out of 5.
The Dumpling Tree is a restaurant providing Indian food in the more than £30 price range.
The Phoenix providing French food in the high price range and 3 out of 5 customer rating.  It is located in the riverside area.
The Waterman is a Chinese food establishment located near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Bibimbap House has Japanese food for 20-25. It's by the riverside near Clare Hall.
Browns Cambridge is a low-priced sushi restaurant with terrible reviews.
The Plough is a high priced, child friendly, French pub located near Café Rouge.
Providing Italian food at a price range of less than 20 Euros, The Vaults is also family friendly.
In the city centre is The Phoenix with a less than £20 price range that serves English food with a low customer rating.
Near The Sorrento there is a French coffee shop called The Mill. The price range is less than £20 and it's by the riverside.
Aromi is a one star coffee shop, which is family friendly, serves sushi and is located in the riverside area.
Located in Riverside near the Crowne Plaza Hotel, is a kid friendly coffee shop which serves Japanese food called Browns Cambridge. This restaurant has earned 3 out of 5 customer ratings.
Loch Fyne is a kid-friendly, Japanese restaurant in the range of £20 to £25.
Cotto serves French food. It is located near Café Rouge.
Bring the family and try The Wrestlers. Burgers and fries with a 3 star rating.
The Waterman is a child-friendly French cuisine restaurant in the city centre area.   Be prepared to pay more than £30 for this restaurant that has a low customer rating.
Clowns is a One Star coffee shop that sells sushi and is located next to Clare Hall.
The Rice Boat does not allow kids and it's only a 1 star rating.
For a high-priced child friendly place with a 1 out of 5 customer rating, try Strada.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly restaurant that has 5 stars and is high priced. It serves wines and cheeses.
Green Man in riverside serves French food, has a more than £30 price range, is kid friendly, and is near All Bar One.
Located near Raja Indian Cuisine, The Wrestlers is a coffee shop which offers Indian food at a moderate price range. It is not ideal for children and is located in the city centre.
The Waterman has Chinese food in the moderate price range with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 near riverside. It is not kid friendly.
Alimentum offers French food. It is not child-friendly. The prices are more than £ 30. Located in the area of riverside
The Dumpling Tree restaurant has a price Range of more than 30 pounds selling Japanese food.
The Golden Palace Indian coffee Shop is a moderately priced restaurant located near the riverside. It has received a 3 out of 5 customer rating.
Strada sells cheap Indian food near Rainbow Vegetarian Café, it is not family friendly and it has an average customer rating.
The Loch Fyne is a French non-children friendly restaurant with a moderate price range.
In the riverside area there is a pub serving Japanese food led The Waterman with an average customer rating.
The Wrestlers providing English Food, cheap price range, and average costumer rating.
In city centre, near The Rice Boat, The Twenty Two is children friendly, more than £30, and has a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
The Rice Boat provides Indian food in the more than £30 price range. It is located in the city centre. It is near Express by Holiday Inn. Its customer rating is high.
A restaurant with a low customer rating is Strada
Zizzi is a highly rated, family friendly pub that offers Indian food.
The Phoenix is a fast food venue with a rating of 3 out of 5 and on the riverside.
Wildwood is a pub that offers Indian food. This establishment is in the high price range, with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Cotto does not have good reviews. It offers Sushi. It is located near the Ranch.
there is a nice fast food place down by the riverside area with a high customer rating called The Rice Boat which is child friendly
The Wrestlers provides Indian food in the more than £30 price range. Its customer rating is high.
The Twenty Two is a child-friendly Japanese restaurant near the riverside.
The Rice Boat offers Fast Food in the riverside area. It is family friendly and has an average customer rating.
Three out of five customers recommend The Twenty Two. It is kid friendly and moderately price. In the riverside area near The Rice Boat.
child friendly yes and ore than £30 at the Alimentum which is Italian near the riverside
the pub is great. price range is moderate. and the food is Italian. Also it is the Wildwood. nice name and a nice rating of 3 out of 5
The Dumpling Tree is a cheap coffee shop in the price range less than £20. It is located in the city centre near the Café Sicilia and it is family-friendly.
The Phoenix, found near riverside provides Japanese food at a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Near The Sorrento, you can find a coffee shop called The Mill. The Mill serves sushi in the mid-price range.
Giraffe is near The Bakers.  It is a children friendly high priced coffee shop with a 1 out of 5 rating.
Fitzbillies is a children friendly coffee shop in the riverside. It serves French food with price range more than £30 and is highly rated with ratings 5 out of 5.
The Rice Boat is located in the city centre near the Express by Holiday Inn and serves Indian food for less than £20. However it is not family friendly and has a low customer rating
The Golden Curry has English food and is child friendly. It has a high price range and is child friendly. It is located near The Bakers.
A high priced coffee shop, located next to The Bakers, is Giraffe.
The Vaults is a kid friendly place offering Chinese food from 20-25 Euros.
A family friendly restaurant called Strada located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café. It has low prices and a low customer rating.
If you are looking for French food and are willing to spend more than 30 Euros, you should try Browns Cambridge because it has a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
You can get cheap French food at The Phoenix, but the ratings are low as well.
Browns Cambridge is located on the riverside near The Sorrento. It serves Indian food and is not family friendly.
A family friendly restaurant named Loch Fyne has Indian food. It also has cheap prices.
The Wrestlers coffee shop has highly expensive Fast food, and it is not kid friendly. It is in the area of riverside and near Raja Indian Cuisine.
If you are looking for a venue to take your family, then you could try The Waterman. It also has a below average price range of less than £20.
The Mill is a coffee shop providing Indian food in the low price range. It is located near The Sorrento.
Green Man is a moderately priced restaurant in riverside near All Bar One. It is not family-friendly but they serve English food.
Fitzbillies is a moderately priced coffee shop in the riverside area. It serves Fast food in a kid friendly environment, but only has a 1 out of 5 customer rating.
Taste of Cambridge restaurant for average customer Rating  in high price Range
Loch Fyne is near The Rice Boat providing fast food near The Rice Boat.
The Rice Boat, located near the Express by Holiday Inn at the city centre, has low customer ratings; however boasts an adult atmosphere with affordable English food.
The Waterman is a non family-friendly fast food restaurant near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Ranch is located near the low rated, children friendly pub called, The Cricketers
There is a five-star family restaurant alongside the river called The Rice Boat. This venue serves cheese, wine, and soup, among other dishes.
The Cricketers is a family friendly pub near Ranch. It has a low customer rating.
If you're looking for a family-friendly Japanese venue The Twenty Two has you covered.
Family friendly restaurant The Wrestlers high price menu, low quality food.
Located near Café Rouge in the riverside area, The Golden Curry is an average customer rated fast food restaurant. It is family friendly.
Zizzi is an Italian-inspired pub that offers a family-friendly environment.
There is a place near All Bar One in the city centre area that sells Chinese food for less than 20 that is also family friendly which is called Green Man.
One 5 star rated restaurant is The Cambridge Blue.
The Golden Curry that serves Indian food near The Bakers . A high price range restaurant that is also kid friendly.
Fast food is found in the children friendly The Golden Curry, near Café Rouge in the riverside area.  Customers have given it a high rating.
Located near Ranch, The Cricketers, is an overly priced pub that the whole family will enjoy.
Located near The Bakers, The Golden Curry is a family friendly Japanese restaurant with a cheap price range.
There is a kid friendly restaurant with moderate prices named Travellers Rest Beefeater.
Giraffe is a coffee shop that has a high customer rating and is priced in the L20-25 range.  It is located near The Bakers and is not kids friendly.
On the river, there is a pub named The Waterman,
Strada is a Chinese pub with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 near Yippee Noodle Bar.
Fitzbillies restaurant near The Six Bells sells cheap food.
A coffee shop located on the riverside near Café Sicilia named The Dumpling Tree is kids friendly and has a moderate price range.
Clowns, a low-price, riverside pub, is the place to be, as shown by its stellar 5 out of 5 star customer rating.
The Waterman is a pub style type of restaurant serving Indian food,  has received an average customer rating , and is found in the Riverside  area.
In the city centre you can find an expensive, and somewhat disappointing to customers, French coffee shop called The Golden Palace.  n
The Golden Palace is a great coffee shop providing fast food in the riverside area at a cheap price. Rated 5 out of 5.
The Punter serves Japanese and costs more than 30.
There is an amazing coffee shop serving French food in the riverside area, Clowns.  Clowns is located near Clare Hall.
There is a low-priced family friendly restaurant located near The Bakers called The Plough.
Blue Spice is at the riverside, it has a high price range.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that does Fast food, their price range is high and they are not child friendly. They are in the Riverside area and have an average customer rating.
There is a expensive fast food pub near Café Rouge that is child friendly.  It is named The Plough.
The expansive restaurant The Dumpling Tree serves English food.
In the city centre, near Express by Holiday Inn, there is a moderately-priced fast food establishment called The Rice Boat. It is not kid-friendly, and customers rated it 1 out of 5.
Loch Fyne is a riverside Italian near The Rice Boat.  Customers rate it 3 out of 5.
The Twenty Two is a children friendly place who is highly rated by customers. With a price range of over 30 euros, it is located near The Rice Boat in the riverside area.
Located near Café Rouge, The Plough is a pub which serves Indian food. It a place suitable for children, but has a high price range.
The expensive  Wildwood serves Italian food. This coffee shop near Ranch is poor has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
A 5 star Japanese pub near the riverside is called The Waterman.
A cheap restaurant near Express by Holiday Inn near the city centre is The Rice Boat. It is not family-friendly, serves French food, and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
in the riverside area The Waterman is a French food place that is not child friendly but it is cheap and has a 5 out of 5 customer rating
The Eagle is a cute coffee shop serving French food. The prices are average and the coffee shop setting is child friend. You will find The Eagle in the riverside area near Burger King.
There is a Fast food restaurant located near the Express by Holiday Inn, called The Rice Boat. Although the restaurant has a high customer rating, it is not kid friendly and has a price range more than £30.
There is a low-priced pub The Waterman near the city centre.
Strada is near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café and provides cheap Chinese food with a low customer rating. It is family friendly.
The Waterman is an expensive restaurant, that is family friendly.
The Eagle provides Chinese food Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
There is a Pub named Wildwood serving French food  for no more that £30 with a customer rating 5 out of 5
Aromi is located in the city centre area but have a low star rating.
For an Italian food restaurant, try The Vaults.
The Mill near The Sorrento. Delivers a coffee shop by the riverside for just 20-25 euros and Japanese cuisine.
Serving fast food in a child friendly setting The Dumpling Tree is situated near The Portland Arms.
There is a moderately priced venue called The Rice Boat that provides Indian food in the city centre. It is not kid friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is located near Express by Holiday Inn.
The Rice Boat offers Fast food in the riverside area.
The Waterman is a 1 star, family friendly Café providing high priced range. It is located in the city centre.
A Chinese restaurant in the city centre, The Rice Boat has average customer rating and is not family friendly.
You can sample British dishes at Browns Cambridge, a five-star restaurant in the mid-price range near a school.
The Wrestlers has an average customer rating, is a family friendly environment and serves Japanese food for less than £20.
Alimentum is a family-friendly restaurant located in the city center that serves English food for under £20.
There is a child friendly Indian restaurant with high ratings near the riverside called The Rice Boat.
With a customer rating of 3 out of 5The Rice Boat is kids friendly in the riverside area serving French food
The Waterman is located a short distance from St. John's College and is a great  burger joint where a family can eat inexpensively.
Aromi is a coffee shop that serves fast food in riverside. it is family family friendly with an average customer rating.
A family friendly English restaurant is Loch Fyne.
All Bar One has a place near it called Cotto with some cheap prices. Both are located on the riverside.
In the city centre is located a cheaply priced but highly rated coffee shop. It is called Fitzbillies, serves Indian food,  and is family friendly.
If you are in the Riverside area, try The Eagle, a high-end coffee shop, located near Burger King. At  £30 and above, its menu is a bit pricey, but its 5 out of 5 customer rating proves that its delectable, children-friendly French food is well worth every penny.
This business is NOT children friendly with a price range of more than  £30.  Called The Wrestlers, this restaurant serves French cuisine and has earned a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
Cotto, near Ranch, serves Chinese food in a family friendly setting. Customers have rated it 5 out of 5.
Fitzbillies that serves fast food in a coffee ship style that is not very kids friendly, however it is rated high, is located in the city center and is averagely price.
Offering cheap English food, the Strada is located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café. It has an average customer rating. It is not family-friendly.
Blue Spice is by the riverside and the price range is £20-25.
Taste of Cambridge is a restaurant where the price range is more than £30. It has a low customer rating.
Located near Avalon in the riverside area, Blue Spice is a kids friendly coffee shop with a price range of £20-25. It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge is an average coffee shop serving Indian food in a child friendly environment. It is located on the riverside near the Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Fitzbillies is located near Express by Holiday Inn. It is a high priced restaurant with low customer ratings.
The Golden Curry is low rated restaurant that serves Italian food and is family friendly.
The Wrestlers is a moderately priced Chinese restaurant that received a 1 out of 5 customer rating, and is not kid friendly.
Blue Spice is children friendly with an average customer rating.  It is in the riverside area with a high price range.
For English food in a family friendly atmosphere, visit Browns Cambridge in the riverside area near The Sorrento.
Conveniently located on the riverside, close to Raja Indian Cuisine, The Wrestlers is an elite, but family friendly established coffee shop.
Bibimbap House offers fast food in the riverside area, near The Rice Boat.
For cheap French food, Fitzbillies in the city centre is low-rated but family-friendly.
The Cricketers has a high customer rating, it is located near Ranch. yes it is a kids friendly pub
Cheap Chinese food is on offer at The Punter.
There is a restaurant called The Cambridge Blue that has Japanese food and a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Cambridge Blue is a pub that provides Chinese food in the high price range. It is near Café Brazil.
Expensive French food can be found at Browns Cambridge, which has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
There is a pub called The Mill that serves fast food for under 20 pounds in the city centre.
The Golden Curry is located riverside near Café Rouge. It is Fast food and kids-friendly.
Alimentum has Indian food in the price Range of more than £30, with a high customer Rating, in the city centre area near Yippee Noodle Bar.
You can find Chinese food in the riverside area near The Rice Boat at Loch Fyne, but it has a low customer rating.
Loch Fyne is a family friendly restaurant specializing in delicious Indian for low prices.
In city centre there is a family friendly Chinese restaurant called The Twenty Two.
Clowns is a coffee shop styled joint that sells delicious Indian food. This highly regarded establishment is located in the riverside area near Clare Hall.
Clowns is  kids friendly, near Café Sicilia and in the average price range for Cambridge.
The Punter is a restaurant that serves French cuisine for less than 20 pounds.
Alimentum provides Indian food in the high price range. It is located in the city centre.
The Punter is an coffee shop that serves Italian food in the £30 and above price range that is not child friendly which has a high customer rating  and you can find it near the Café Sicilia
An Italian eatery, The Twenty Two also is kid friendly.
There is a cheap restaurant Loch Fyne located in the centre of the city that provides Italian food.
Three out of five star rating for the Midsummer House, and Indian eatery near the Café Rouge.
The non family friendly Indian, The Golden Curry, has a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
A high-rated, kid friendly restaurant with a price range of £20-25 near The Rice Boat is The Twenty Two.
A Pub in the city centre that serves Chinese food is The Olive Grove. Moderately priced, however, not appropriate for kids.
Near Café Rouge you can try the average Wildwood restaurant.
The Punter serves English food. There price range is cheap.
Midsummer House is  a average rated Italian restaurant near Café Rouge.
There is a child friendly Italian coffee shop near Burger King called The Eagle. It is highly rated with a price range more than £30.
The riverside area has a restaurant called The Wrestlers which offers a coffee shop and Indian food. It is located near the Raja Indian Cuisine.  Prices are in the high range. It is not child friendly.
family-friendly coffee shop Zizzi is located in the city centre. It has a price range of less than 20 and has a low customer rating.
It has an average customer rating and is a kid friendly coffee shop near The Bakers. With a high price range names Giraffe
The Dumpling Tree is a Pub that serves Chinese food, kid friendly, near The Portland Arms
The Rice Boat in the riverside area is a kid friendly fast food provider with a customer rating of 1 out of 5
Fitzbillies, a coffee shop located near riverside, serves French food. The Price is less than L20, is not too kid friendly and has a low customer rating.
The Olive Grove is a kid friendly pub that serves Indian meals for £20-£25 and is located on the riverside.
Alimentum is a Japanese food restaurant located in the city centre near Yippee Noodle Bar. It has a low customer rating and a price range of more than £30.
Giraffe is a moderately priced restaurant located near The Six Bells.
Green Man is a place to grab some Indian food if you happen to be by the riverside. It's pretty close to All Bar One and is children friendly. The food costs a little more than average here though.
The Rice Boat serves moderately priced Indian food rated 1 out of 5 stars. It is located in riverside near Express by Holiday Inn.
The Dumpling Tree is a moderately priced Chinese restaurant.
Strada serves English food. It is located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café in the city centre. It is family friendly, has a medium price range, and has received poor reviews.
A children friendly venue with a customer rating of 3 out 5 is called The Golden Curry.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop located near Raja Indian Cuisine at riverside providing fast food. Its price range is £20-25 and it is kids friendly.
Fitzbillies is a children friendly restaurant near Express by Holiday Inn. They are an above average price range restaurant with high customer rating.
The Vaults, located near Café Brazil, is a high end coffee shop. It is rated 5 stars.
Fitzbillies is a cheap and family-friendly  coffee shop providing Fast food. It is located in the city centre and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a five star coffee shop offering fast food. It is family friendly and in the mid price range. It is located close to the river.
Near the All Bar One in the riverside is the Green Man which is high-priced, not children friendly and serves fast food.
If you like a great adults only coffee shop, Blue Spice is riverside near Avalon.  Customers rate it 5 out of 5 and prices are cheap.
The Waterman doesn't have very good reviews, however, it is quite cheap. It serves Japanese food. It is found on the riverside. It isn't family-friendly.
The Eagle is a coffee shop with a 5 out of 5 rating. It sells French food by the Burger King in the city centre, you can bring your kids and get a cheap meal.
Giraffe is a child-friendly riverside pub serving fast food.
The Golden Palace is a centrally located coffee shop serving Italian food. It has customer reviews rating it as average and it is high priced.
The Mill is a cheap English pub located in the city centre.
The Golden Palace coffee shop, five star and well priced shop
Taste of Cambridge is a family friendly French coffee shop in the riverside area, near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Located near the city centre, Aromi is a highly rated family-friendly Japanese coffee shop.
There is a coffee shop in the city centre near Café Brazil with an average price range. It is called The Vaults and has a high customer rating.
Loch Fyne is a highly rated restaurant specializing in Indian Cuisine.  It is located near The Rice Boat in the riverside area.
Next to All Bar One is Midsummer House. It is a Japanese restaurant that is great but pricey.
Your average child friendly coffee shop and Italian food named The Cricketers is near The Portland Arms.
The Twenty Two is a UK restaurant located in north city  near the river and  not for family.
A French coffee shop near Clare Hall in the riverside area with 3 out of 5 ratings is Clowns.
The Twenty Two is children friendly and costs more than £30. It's ranked 5 out of 5 and located near The Rice Boat, riverside.
The Dumpling Tree is a restaurant providing Indian food in the £20-25 price range.
Green Man is a high price range restaurant in riverside area. It is kids friendly.
Situated next to The Portland Arms, is a coffee shop The Cricketers serves Japanese-style food.  This adults only coffee shop receives 1 out of 5 stars from customers.
The Rice Boat, providing family friendly oriental food close by the city centre.
Giraffe is a kid friendly pub, in riverside,   that serves Italian.
The Waterman with 1 out of 5 stars serving up Italian food high prices within the city center. no children welcome
At the riverside, there is a pub called The Waterman which serves Japanese food which has a low customer rating.
The Green Man serves Indian food is children friendly and has a high price range.  It is located by the riverside near All Bar One.
The Plough is a moderately-priced English restaurant located near Café Rouge.  It is not child friendly.
Near the Express by Holiday Inn is The Rice Boat. It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and offers a moderate price range. It serves Italian food and is child friendly.
The average customer rated restaurant is The Cambridge Blue.
In riverside there is a family friendly place called The Blue Spice. It has an average rating and is priced less than £20.
The Loch Fyne is moderately well rated and is near The Rice Boat.
The Eagle is a cheap family-friendly fast food coffee shop in the city centre near Burger King.  They are family-friendly with a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
There is a coffee shop The Golden Palace that is low-cost in city centre.
Bibimbap House serve moderately priced fast food in the riverside area, located near Clare Hall
In the city center there is a 3 star rating coffee shop, that goes by the name, The Golden Palace. They serve average priced Chinese food.
The Rice Boat is located near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café and has rating 3 out of 5.
Blue Spice is a family friendly riverside area in the higher price range.
The Golden Curry  is a good family and friend Italian food with a low customer rating
In the riverside area serving Japanese food and rated 1 out of 5 is The Phoenix.
There is a Thai restaurant with a so-so rating near Café Rouge, called The Golden Curry.
The Wrestlers coffee shop offers French food in moderate price range. It is located in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine. Children are not welcome.
Near The Portland Arms is a family friendly coffee shop called The Cricketers that serves Indian food. It doesn't have a very good rating
There is a French coffee shop The Eagle with excellent customer rating. It is located in the city centre near Burger King, cheap and family-friendly.
Alimentum is an Indian restaurant with a high customer rating that costs more than 30 pounds. It is located near Yippee Noodle Bar in the city centre.
Bibimbap House serves French food located near Clare Hall in the city centre. The price range is less than £20.
The Midsummer House near All Bar One serves French food Costing around £20 - £25 rated 3 out of 5
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop for sushi food, we're placed near Raja Indian Cuisine at City centre.
Giraffe is a pub that provides Indian food It is located in the riverside.
The French food at Blue Spice by the River side is more than £30.
A family-friendly Italian coffee shop, Aromi, is located in the city centre and has an average customer rating.
The Rice Boat, located in the riverside, near Express by Holiday Inn, serves cheap Chinese food. It is not family friendly but has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Punter is a Japanese restaurant with food priced £30 and up.
The Punter is a French coffee Shop near Café Sicilia with an average rating. The price range is average, and it isn't family-friendly.
Regularly priced coffee shop Cotto is located near The Portland Arms in the city centre.. It is a coffee shop, rated 3 out of 5 and serves French Food.
Cheap low rated pub, The Vaults, is located near Café Adriatic.
There is a child friendly Chinese restaurant called Loch Fyne .
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop located near Raja Indian Cuisine that serves pasta in the low price range. Public restrooms available.
Providing French food in the moderate price range, The Rice Boat is a kid-friendly French restaurant with a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is located in the riverside by Express by Holiday Inn.
The Eagle is a French coffee shop that is located in the city centre near Burger King. It is family-friendly, the price range is high, but it has a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
The Eagle is located in Riverside with a 5 out of 5 customer rating. It is in the high price range.
The Rice Boat is Japanese, is located in riverside, has a low customer rating and is children friendly.
The French food serving coffee shop known as The Wrestlers is located near Raja Indian Cuisine on the the riverside. They cost between £20-£25.
The Alimentum is a 5 star restaurant.  It is located near the Yippee Noodle Bar.
The Twenty Two is a cheap family friendly restaurant in the riverside area. It has a 5 out of 5 customer rating, and is located near The Rice Boat.
Cocum is a family friendly coffee shop with a one star rating.
The Golden Curry a nice place to eat at a mid-range price, suitable for families and near The Bakers.
Italian restaurant, Green Man is located near All Bar One in the riverside area.  It is not family-friendly and prices are under £20.
French food is the specialty served at The Rice Boat. The prices are above average. It is not a children friendly restaurant.  The customer ratings are poor. It is located in the riverside area near Express by Holiday Inn,
The Dumpling Tree is a pub that provides Chinese food It is near The Portland Arms.
There is a moderately-priced Indian restaurant by the riverside, called Blue Spice,
Aromi is a low rated, child friendly pub in the Riverside area.
There is a fast food restaurant located on the Riverside which has a low customer rating. It is called The Rice Boat and it is family friendly.
The Aromi is a restaurant located near the riverside. It serves English food.
Family friendly restaurant The Twenty Two, includes Italian food in it's menu.
Loch Fyne located near The Rice Boat in Riverside is high rated Italian food.
For cheap fast food in the city centre, Fitzbillies is a family friendly.  The coffee shop has been rated 1 out of 5 stars.
In the city centre is a Japanese restaurant named The Waterman. It is not kid-friendly with prices of more than £30 and with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
There is a low priced fast food restaurant The Phoenix with a 3-star rating located north of the City center.
Zizzi is a great pub serving fast food
A French restaurant called Midsummer House has a price range of more than £30. It is located near All Bar One and has a high customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Strada is a pretty expensive fast food family restaurant with a three-star rating. It is located near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
The Cricketers restaurants serves fast food and is near All Bar One.
Near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café, you can find excellent Japanese food at the Strada. Prices start from £20 - £25, no children allowed.
Near Ranch there is a fast food restaurant named Wildwood. They have an average customer rating, however the coffee shop's cheap prices make up for it.
For a restaurant with Japanese food consider The Cricketers, located near All Bar One
The child friendly French coffee shop near Café Sicilia with low customer rating and prices more than  £30 is The Punter.
Cocum is a non-family-friendly restaurant with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
There is a kids friendly English food place near Café Rouge called The Golden Curry  in the area of riverside. It has a high customer rating.
For Italian food, try Fitzbillies, with an average customer rating and a cheap price range, it is a family-friendly coffee shop
The Phoenix is in the city centre area. They have a low customer rating and serve Japanese food. The prices are more than £30.
The Phoenix providing Fast food. It is located in riverside area. Have 3 out of 5 costumer rating and medium low price.
There is an average rated, non family-friendly coffee shop that serves French food and is located in the city centre near the Crowne Plaza Hotel, called Browns Cambridge
The Cricketers is a family-friendly coffee shop located near The Portland Arms.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is a high rated restaurant providing quality food with a medium price range. It is located near Café Adriatic.
The Golden Palace is a cheap Italian coffee shop located in city centre.
The Waterman pub at the the riverside has a high customer rating for French food.
The Rice Boat is situated near to the Rainbow Vegetarian Café. It offers prices between £20-25 and the customer rating is 3 out of 5.
Aromi is a coffee shop that offers Indian food with high costumer ratings. It is kid friendly and is located in the riverside area.
The Waterman offers English food. It has high customer ratings and prices. It is family-friendly
Located next to Café Rouge, north of the City centre, The Golden Curry is a family restaurant with good rating.
The family friendly pub Giraffe serves Chinese on the riverside.
Blue Spice is a children friendly coffee shop near Avalon, by the riverside. Their prices are average and their customer ratings are high.
The Phoenix is a Fast food restaurant rated 5 out of 5 in the city centre.
Blue Spice is inexpensive and is located on the river. It offers place to sit down and it serves breakfast food. It is located north of the city centre.
A French coffee shop named Fitzbillies is near a riverside. It is kid friendly,  is priced 20-25, and is highly recommended.
In city centre, there is an Indian food place in the high price range called Blue Spice.
Alimentum sells modern delicacies  of middling quality, but low prices. They are located near the Yippee Noodle Bar on the River.
The Golden Curry is a restaurant which does not accept families and is middle price range. It located close to The Bakers
Aromi provides a unique taste of Italy within the City's Centre. Rated 5-stars, the atmosphere tailors to all varieties of age.
The Wrestlers serve English food that is highly priced and rated low. It is not child friendly.
Wildwood is a one star restaurant located near Café Rouge
rated average by customers, the places name is The Waterman in the riverside area, This is a Italian pub.
Located in the city centre, near Rainbow Vegetarian Café Strada is a family friendly fast food restaurant in the medium price range with three of five stars.
The Phoenix has an average customer rating. It is located at the city centre with French food with price range less than 20.
Japanese food place, 'The Golden Curry', is located near Café Rouge by the riverside. The customer reviews are average and the place is not family-friendly.
Located in the city centre there is a high-priced pub called Wildwood.
If you're looking for highly rated sushi bar, check out Strada. It is located near Yippee Noodle Bar.
At riverside is a moderate priced location called Blue Spice that offers French food.
Close to Rainbow Vegetarian Café is the affordable restaurant The Rice Boat.
Strada restaurant has a low customer Rating with meals costing more than 30 and his children Friendly.
The Rice Boat, in City Centre near Express by Holiday Inn, offers fast food at moderate prices for the whole family.
The Waterman is a Japanese food place that is not kids friendly located in the city centre.
Zizzi is a French pub that is kid friendly and has received a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Dumpling Tree coffee shop has a moderate price range. It is family-friendly, in the city centre and located near Café Sicilia.
There is a cheap venue that is 3 stars and cheap. It is called The Wrestlers.
There is a cheaply priced English restaurant located in the riverside area that is very family friendly called Alimentum.
Bibimbap House is an Indian restaurant in Riverside, near The Rice Boat.
The Cricketers is an Indian restaurant and coffee shop near The Portland Arms. It has received low ratings from customers and is not family-friendly.
The Cambridge Blue is a five-star restaurant serving wine and hors d'oeuvres.
Cocum is a coffee shop and expensive dine in family restaurant that has 5 star reviews.
Taste of Cambridge near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area is an Italian coffee shop and child friendly
Strada has a price range of £20-25. It is kid friendly with a high rating.
The Twenty Two is located in the city centre. It serves French food but is not family-friendly.
Near to the Café Rouge is Cotto, they serve English food.
Children friendly Fast food restaurant Loch Fyne has a price range of more than £30.
By the riverside and next to the Café Rouge is the French Pub the Green Man.
Browns Cambridge is a kid friendly restaurant in the Riverside area. It serves fast food and is located near The Sorrento.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop in the city centre  that serves French food with high customer ratings and is in the £20-£30 price range and it is not child friendly
There is a high priced English place in the city centre named Blue Spice.
Near the All Bar One in city centre is the family-friendly Green Man restaurant, which offers a moderately priced English fare.
There is a five star child friendly coffee shop The Punter located near to the Café Sicilia.
Cocum is an expensive kid friendly pub with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Wrestlers coffee shop is not family-friendly and is priced in the less than 20 pound range.  They serve French food near the Raja Indian Cuisine and the city center.
Green Man is a purveyor of delicacies which caters to families. It's located on the River near the All Bar One.
The Rice Boat is a family-friendly riverside restaurant  situated eat the Express by Holiday Inn which offers affordable dishes
The Eagle, an Italian coffee shop in the riverside area near Burger King is child-friendly with a high price range but an average rating.
Browns Cambridge coffee shop has 5 star pasta and family dining, located near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
The Waterman is an Indian restaurant that has a high customer rating and it has a price range of £20-25. It is near the city centre and is not kids friendly.
The Mill is a pub that offers Italian food for less than £20 and is located in the city centre.
At a fair price, The Phoenix offers Sushi just beside the river
Aromi is a family-friendly French coffee shop in the city centre. It has a customer rating 5 out of 5.
Although it has a low customer rating, The Vaults coffee shop offers products for less than £20 and is near Café Brazil in riverside.
Travellers Rest Beefeater has poor customer ratings. They are near Café Adriatic in riverside with moderate priced food.
Wildwood is a Japanese pub with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Giraffe serves fast food in a kid friendly, pub style setting. It is located in the riverside area.
The Golden Curry is a kid friendly restaurant that serves English food.  The prices are moderate. It is near The Bakers.
The Rice Boat is an Indian restaurant near the riverside.
Fitzbillies has Fast food. It is located near The Six Bells. The price range is cheap.
Wildwood is a 5 star pub that serves sushi.
There is a coffee shop that serves Indian food located in riverside. It is called Fitzbillies and its prices range more than £30. It is child friendly and has a high customer rating.
Zizzi is a non-family friendly Chinese pub with 5 out of 5 customer rating.
Travellers Rest Beefeater has a high price range and an average customer rating . It is in riverside near Café Adriatic
The Wrestlers have high priced Chinese food. The customers rate it average. It is not children friendly.
Fitzbillies is cheap in price. It is located Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
Strada is an English food restaurant that is family friendly. It can be found near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
A Chinese food restaurant that is family friendly is Loch Fyne.
The Punter is a coffee shop where you can get Indian food.  Prices range from £20-25. They have a high customer rating. Children welcome. Situated near Café Sicilia.
There is a family friendly, cheap five-star cheese and wine restaurant called The Waterman near the river.
The Vaults Italian restaurant is inexpensive with a price range of less than £20, and is not family-friendly.
The Dumpling Tree is a reasonably-priced coffee shop just east of Café Sicilia.
The Twenty Two near The Rice Boat in the city center has a moderate price range and an 1 out of 5 rating.
In riverside, Alimentum serve French food, are not kid friendly, and have a moderate price range.
Zizzi is a pub that welcomes your whole family by serving wine and whiskey to whet your appetite while your little ones get to enjoy the food.
there is a low price coffee shop named Fitzbillies located in riverside that serving Japanese food with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 but not family-friendly
The Vaults is a cheap coffee shop located in the city centre near Café Brazil with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
At Blue Spice in riverside you can eat Indian food for less than 20 pounds.
Green Man is a kid-friendly Italian restaurant in the moderate price range located in the riverside area near All Bar One.
A family restaurant near the centre of the city is the Alimentum.  It is high priced.
The Waterman is a pub providing Chinese food It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Alimentum serves expensive French food. It is kid friendly and is at the riverside.
The Cricketers is a family friendly  coffee shop, with a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It serves Indian food and is located near The Portland Arms
Midsummer House provides Indian food It is near Café Rouge. Its customer rating is average.
Cocum is a coffee shop providing Indian food in the moderate price range. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
For a moderately priced coffee shop The Dumpling Tree is a kid friendly venue with riverside views situated close to Café Sicilia.
Alimentum has an average customer rating and serves English food at a high price in the riverside area near Yippee Noodle Bar.
The Twenty Two is a family friendly French restaurant by the riverside.
Loch Fyne is a Chinese restaurant with a low range of less than £20 per meal. It is not family friendly.
The Cocum is an expensive, five star, family friendly coffee shop.
The casual, family friendly Strada has English style offerings, is close to Rainbow Vegetarian Café and is frequently reviewed by customers.
The Wrestlers is a kid friendly coffee shop with French food. Located in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine. The price range is £20-25.
There is a family restaurant called The Golden Curry which serves spaghetti.
There is an expensive but child friendly Indian restaurant The Vaults
Clowns is a coffee shop located at the end of the city close to Clare Hall
Near Rainbow Vegetarian Café is Strada. Strada sells Italian food at moderate prices and is child friendly. It has been rated 1 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge receives 5 out of 5 stars on their cheap English food.
Family friendly, with average customer Ratings, Cotto is near Ranch and serves Italian food.
With an average price is less than £20,  The Dumpling Tree is not very family-friendly.  The coffee shop is located in the city centre area near Café Sicilia.
Bring your kids to the Italian restaurant, The Rice Boat. Located at the city centre, near Express by Holiday Inn, The Rice Boat is moderately priced and rated 1 out of 5.
Taste of Cambridge is a high customer rating restaurant with a price range of £20-25.
Alimentum is situated near the Yippee Noodle Bar in the Riverside area and serves English food, costing £30 or more. Its customer rating is high.
Though the price is high, it is still near All Bar One, which makes it quite convenient. Green Man is located in riverside, and is a family friendly location providing Italian cuisine.
The Phoenix is a Chinese restaurant located in the city center. It's very reasonably priced as well.
Loch Fyne, rated an outstanding 5 out of 5 by customers, is located near The Rice Boat in a riverside setting. You'll find Italian style cuisine at this popular venue.
Near The Bakers there is a child friendly Italian restaurant called The Golden Curry in the more than £30 price range
Welcome to the Browns Cambridge. We are not family-friendly. Our food is French, and we are located on the riverside near the Crowne Plaza Hotel. Our price  range is moderate.
Loch Fyne is a Japanese restaurant with a 5 out of 5 rating located in the city centre near The Rice Boat.
North of City centre, on the shores of the river, sits The Phoenix.  The Phoenix is an inexpensive wine and cheese shop with a five star rating.
At the riverside close to Rainbow Vegetarian Café is high priced pub named The Golden Palace.
The Cambridge Blue is a fast food restaurant near Café Brazil.
There is a high priced coffee shop named Cocum that is family friendly with a low rating.
There is a family friendly restaurant with cheap prices and low customer ratings Strada. They are in the city near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
Blue Spice is a cheap sushi restaurant on the River.
Alimentum offers French food. It is not child-friendly. The prices are more than £ 30. Located in the area of riverside
If you're looking for an Indian restaurant, try The Vaults.
The Taste of Cambridge  is a coffee shop  located  within walking distance of Crowne Plaza Hotel.
The Portland Arms is near Cotto, a high priced coffee shop serving fast food with a 1 out of 5 rating.
With a price range of less than £20, Zizzi is a coffee shop located in the city centre with a low customer rating and is not child friendly.
Midsummer House is an Indian restaurant with a 1 of 5 customer rating.  It is located near Café Rouge.
Bibimbap House serves Japanese food that is less than 20 and is at the city centre near Clare Hall.
The Cricketers is a coffee shop located near to The Portland Arms.  It serves French food, is child friendly and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
If you are searching for a not family-friendly French coffee shop, The Browns Cambridge might be for you. It has a quite low customer rating and is near the Crowne Plaza Hotel and the city center.
The Mill, a French coffee shop, offers low-cost prices and is near The Sorrento and riverside area.
French cuisine with a high customer rating at Loch Fyne, located in the riverside area near The Rice Boat.
Fitzbillies is a city centre coffee shop which serves fast food. Prices are high and children are not permitted.
For moderately priced Italian food, Browns Cambridge is given a single star.
Located near Avalon in the riverside area, Blue Spice is a coffee shop that offers a childless atmosphere with high prices and high customer ratings.
A child-friendly Italian restaurant is The Twenty Two
On the riverside, there is a kid friendly, Japanese coffee shop called Fitzbillies. It has a 3 out of 5 rating and some moderate prices.
The Rice Boat, near Express by Holiday Inn in Riverside is a high priced English eating establishment. It is not child friendly and has been awarded a customer rating of 1 out of 5 stars.
the Alimentum is a cheap Fast food place with average customer ratings which is near the Yippee Noodle Bar in the city centre
Cotto is a Japanese coffee shop located in the city centre near The Portland Arms. It has an average rating and costs less than £20.
In the city centre, near Café Brazil, there is a coffee shop called The Vaults. It is in the high price range and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge is a cheap sushi restaurant with bad reviews.
For a family friendly restaurant, try The Golden Curry. Located near The Bakers, prices range from £20-£25.
Located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café, Strada is a fast food restaurant with a moderate price range, a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and is not kid friendly.
A cheap Indian restaurant named Browns Cambridge has an average customer rating.
The Golden Curry is a Indian restaurant that has moderate Price and no friendly to The Bakers
Cotto is a coffee shop on the riverside that serves Japanese food with a high price range. It is located near The Portland Arms and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Phoenix is an average English place located in riverside.
Alimentum is near the Yippee Noodle Bar in the riverside area. It serves English food for around £20-£25 and it has a high customer rating.
For more than 30 you can get Japanese food at The Punter.
The Rice Boat offers cheap English food in Express by Holiday Inn in city centre.
Near Express by Holiday Inn in the city centre area is the kid Friendly The Rice Boat, it has Indian food in the moderate price Range and a Rating 1 out of 5.
The Waterman is a French restaurant situated on the riverside.  It has a high rating, not child friendly and price range of £20-£25.
Indian cuisine served at The Wrestlers is highly rated and is kid friendly. The Price range is average.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that serves Indian food in Riverside . It has a high customer rating and is kid-friendly. It is in the medium price range.
coffee shop The Mill that serves Japanese food in a price range of more that £30 can be found at riverside near The Sorrento.
Clowns is a coffee shop located near Clare Hall that provides sit down or take away service.
Green Man is a children friendly Italian restaurant in Riverside located near All Bar One.
There is a coffee shop near Ranch called Wildwood that serves Indian food for a moderate price. Their customer rating is 3 out of 5.
Blue Spice provides Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in the riverside.
Cotto, a French coffee shop near The Portland Arms in city centre has a low customer rating, but has prices less than   £20
Located in the city centre, near The Sorrento, Taste of Cambridge is a pub which is not a family-friendly venue.
Blue Spice in Riverside boasts flavorful fusion cuisine in a trendy space, but expect to spend upwards of £30 per person.
The Twenty Two serves Chinese food and is child friendly.
Loch Fyne provides Chinese food It is located in the riverside. It is near The Rice Boat. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Located near The Six Bells, The Golden Curry is kid friendly.
There are many good foods near The Sorrento at The Mill coffee shop
Found in the City centre area, Aromi coffee shop is serving pasta that has a rating of 3 out of 5.  Good for the whole family.
Alimentum is a moderately-priced French restaurant in the city center that is not kid friendly.
The Golden Palace is a moderate restaurant
A French restaurant named The Waterman is a not so family-friendly for a price range of less than £20 located in the riverside area with low customer rating
Strada is a Yippee Noodle Bar which sells Fast food in a pub. It has a high customer rating.
The Phoenix price range is less than £20 and serves French food in the city center.
Cocum is a coffee shop that welcomes family's to drink with them. They offer drinks at a good price and have been rated three out of five stars.
The Waterman pub located in the riverside area. Serves Fast food with a high customer rating.
The Phoenix is a restaurant of Indian food, with a price range less than £20.
The Rice Boat Italian restaurant is a family friendly restaurant offering cheap food in the riverside area.  Near the Express by Holiday Inn, the restaurant is rated 5 out of 5.
The Golden Curry offers Chinese food at £20-25 prince range. It is location is near to The Bakers. Kids are welcome.
In the City Centre is a Japanese restaurant called The Waterman. It is not family-friendly, with an average customer rating and a price range less than £20.
The cheap riverside Green Man is not family friendly.
The family friendly Indian coffee shop The Cricketers is near to The Portland Arms and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Golden Curry is a family-friendly restaurant in the city centre near Café Rouge. They have average ratings and they serve French food.
Located in the centre of the city, Clowns is a cheap pub with decent food
Wildwood is a family friendly restaurant.
The Wrestlers is a kids friendly coffee shop they serves Japanese food. It has a moderate price range and is in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Vaults is not family friendly, and serves Italian food at cheap prices.
Across from Rainbow Vegetarian Café is a 5 star family friendly spot called Strada.
The Wrestlers is a children friendly French eatery, with a low customer rating and a price range of more than £30.
The pub named The Mill has a price range of more than £30 in riverside that sells Japanese food.
Taste of Cambridge is based in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel.  It is a coffee shop serving Italian food. It is not family friendly.
The Rice Boat is a restaurant offering mid priced food and drink located close to the city centre and close to Express by Holiday Inn
Fitzbillies is a high priced Indian restaurant near The Six Bells.
Located near Café Rouge, The Golden Curry is an excellent restaurant to enjoy with the family.
Children are welcomed at The Twenty Two, a Japanese restaurant located near the the river.
The children friendly pub named The Cricketers has a high customer rating and is near Ranch.
Low priced British food with a high rating from customers is Alimentum.  Close to Yippee Noodle Bar in the City centre area.
There is a mid-priced family friendly restaurant The Rice Boat near Express by Holiday Inn.
The Cricketers is a French coffee shop near The Portland Arms. It is family friendly but has a low customer rating.
The Golden Curry offers family friendly service rated three out of five stars,
Located in the riverside area, The Waterman pub has an average rating for Fast food.
There is a kid-friendly restaurant by the name of Alimentum, serving Italian food, located in the city centre area with a moderate price range.
The Plough pub is near Café Rouge.  It serves Chinese food. It's in a high price range but is child friendly.
Reasonably priced is Alimentum, a Japanese restaurant in the city centre near Yippee Noodle Bar at less than £20 per head with average customer ratings.
In the City Centre, you will find Aromi coffee shop, a mid-priced family friendly place.
The Rice Boat is a highly rated kid friendly French restaurant on the riverside.
The Green Man serves English food in the riverside area near All Bar One. It has low prices and families are welcome.
The Wrestlers is a family restaurant in the middle price range.
Wildwood is a British pub that has low ratings and is not very expensive.
Blue Spice serves moderately priced English food located in the city centre.
The riverside area has a moderately priced restaurant called Zizzi.
Aromi is a kids friendly coffee shop with a high customer rating located near the Riverside area. It also sells fast food.
Bibimbap House is a fast food restaurant located in the Riverside area close to Clare Hall, the prices are higher than average.
Wildwood coffee shop has a customer rating of 1 out of 5, the price range is high, it serves fast-food and is located near Ranch.
A Japanese coffee shop, named Cotto, is located near The Portland Arms and on the riverside, it is rated 3 out of 5.
In riverside, there is a child friendly pub called The Olive Grove with pricing more than £30.
The inexpensive family friendly restaurant 'Travellers Rest Beefeater'.
Cotto, the French restaurant near the Ranch is children friendly but has a low customer rating.
Strada is family friendly and has an under £20 price range. Their customer rating is average.
There is a family-friendly Italian coffee shop near Crown Plaza Hotel in the riverside area named Taste of Cambridge
Wildwood pub serves highly rated Chinese food with an average tab of £20-25.
Alimentum is an expensive establishment that serves French food in the city centre.  It is not child-friendly.
The Mill pub serves expensive French food near the riverside.
The Wrestlers is a high price coffee shop located by Raja Indian Cuisine.
There is a 5 out of 5 family friendly Chinese restaurant called The Rice Boat  with cheap prices located near the Express by Holiday Inn in the riverside area.
The family friendly, fast food restaurant, The Golden Curry, has an average customer rating.
Midsummer House, a Japanese restaurant located near All Bar One with a high price range of £30 or more, shows a low customer rating.
Bibimbap House serves Italian. It has a high price range. It is in the center of the city near Clare Hall
A French pub called The Plough has a moderate prices, it's kids friendly and conveniently located near Café Rouge.
Fitzbillies coffee shop features French food in the city centre with a price range of less than £20. They have a low customer rating and are not family-friendly.
For French cuisine located by Café Rouge, visit Cotto.
The Olive Grove is a moderate priced pub that offers English fare near riverside. It is not child friendly.
The pub The Twenty Two near Café Sicilia in riverside has a low customer rating.
You can find an Italian restaurant in the more than £30 price range that is kid friendly around The Bakers called The Golden Curry
With an average customer rating the Loch Fyne restaurant serves French food. It is located in the city centre close to The Rice Boat.
The restaurant by the name of The Mill is located near The Rice Boat on the riverside.
The Phoenix is a city centre fast food outlet with an average customer rating and cheap prices.
The Phoenix is a restaurant with delicious food, located near the river
The Phoenix in the city centre is an average rated Japanese restaurant that cost less than 20 euros.
The Cambridge Blue is a fast-food restaurant with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Olive Grove is a nice pub with fast food service, family atmosphere, warm clentele and low prices in the Riverside area
The Phoenix has moderately priced English food in the riverside area with a 3 out of 5 customer rating.
The Mill is a restaurant in the city centre near The Rice Boat.
Browns Cambridge scores highly with customers and doesn't allow children. It is a coffee shop that serves Indian food. It is located near the Crowne Plaza Hotel and the river.
Strada is family friendly with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 and is inexpensive as well.
The Twenty Two serves great Chinese food in a kid friendly environment.
The Wrestlers is a kid-friendly Chinese restaurant with a high rating. The average price range is £20-25.
The Fitzbillies has Indian food and a price range of more than 30.  It's near The Six Bells.
The Olive Grove is a restaurant catering for adults only, located on the river
Children friendly place called Fitzbillies in the Riverside area serves Japanese food and coffee. Has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and is a bit in the high range.
If you are looking for a restaurant that serves English food and has a high price range, check out The Punter.
Strada is a Chinese food eatery in the low price range with average customer ratings that can be found near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café. Although it is not a place for kids.
Midsummer House is a French restaurant near Café Rouge and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5
There is an Italian restaurant located near Crowne Plaza Hotel called The Waterman.
The Wrestlers is a moderately priced coffee shop in the city centre  near Raja Indian Cuisine. It serves Japanese  food and it is not kids friendly.
Located in the city centre, Blue Spice is a restaurant which offers Indian food in less than £20.
Fitzbillies is an English restaurant near The Six Bells. It has a moderate price range.
family friends inexpensive highly rated in the city centre area is Zizzi coffee shop
Close to the Crown Plaza Hotel you will find The Waterman a child friendly, French restaurant.
The Phoenix is an expensive but poorly rated  Chinese restaurant in the city centre.
The Mill is a coffee shop that provides French food located in city centre near The Sorrento. It has a price range of more than £30.
The Rice Boat is a non-family friendly, cheap priced Indian restaurant in the riverside area near Express by Holiday Inn.
Average Japanese food for less than  £20 can be found at Browns Cambridge.
Blue Spice is a high priced Chinese restaurant in the riverside area.
Aromi is a pub providing children friendly service. its customer rating is 1 out of 5. It is located in riverside
Giraffe offers family-friendly Italian pub-style dining in riverside
The Twenty Two is a family friendly Chinese restaurant.
The Rice Boat is an average rated Japanese family friendly restaurant located by the riverside.
The Mill is an expensive coffee shop near The Sorrento by the river.
The kids friendly restaurant, The Punter, is in the riverside area, near The Portland Arms. It has a price range of £20-25.
Midsummer House is near Café Rouge. It has fast food with an average customer rating.
The Japanese restaurant, The Rice Boat, in the city centre has high customer rating. It is located near Express by Holiday Inn. The price range is £20-25 and no kids friendly service or food are provided.
Near the Ranch is a coffee shop serving English food, with high customer rating, a price range higher than  £30. It is called  Wildwood.
coffee shop and Indian food venue, Taste of Cambridge, is located in the city centre near the Crowne Plaza Hotel and is not considered family friendly.
An Indian coffee shop named Aromi is rated 1 out of 5 is located in Riverside.
Near Yippee Noodle Bar, there is a pub called Strada that has an average rating, and sells Chinese food.
The Golden Curry offers English food for family-friendly.
The Punter is in the average price range, it is not kid friendly but it's a highly rated coffee shop near Café Sicilia an Italian joint.
Clowns is a pub located north of the City centre
The Golden Curry is not a family-friendly restaurant and the customer rating  is average. The Golden Curry is located in the city centre by Café Rouge.
Blue Spice is a 3 out of 5 star coffee shop in the city centre. It is not kid friendly, and the price range is £20-25. You can find it near Avalon.
There is an area in the riverside that is named Green Man and serves Indian food. Its price range is less than £20 and it is near All Bar One. It is not family-friendly.
Fitzbillies is a restaurant serving fast-food at less than £20, and is located near The Six Bells.
A reasonably priced coffee shop in the city centre is Cotto, Cotto sells Indian food and has a moderate price range. Overall, the customer rating for this Indian coffee shop is 3 out of 5. It can be found near The Portland Arms in the city centre.
Taste of Cambridge is located in riverside near the Crowne Plaza Hotel.  It is a kid friendly coffee shop that serves Indiana food.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that serves cheap Indian food in the city centre. It has an average customer rating and is family friendly.
Midsummer House, near All Bar One, has great ratings and low prices.
Famous coffee shop and fast food with high rating called Clowns by Clare Hall close to riverside.
Located in the city centre near Café Rouge is the pub Green Man. As well as being a pub, they also serve English food.
Cocum is a restaurant that is not family-friendly.  It has an average customer rating.
Near The Bakers is The Golden Curry: a high-price range Italian restaurant that is not children friendly.
There is a restaurant serving Indian food called Loch Fyne. It is children friendly, with a price range of £30 or more.
Cotto is a coffee shop providing French cuisine, for under £20,  located riverside near The Portland Arms.
There is a reasonable price Japanese coffee shop, called the Cotto, with a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is located in the riverside area of the city, near The Portland Arms.
The Olive Grove offers family friendly. Japanese food near Riverside.
The Punter is a coffee shop that serves Italian cuisine, located near to Café Sicilia. It has a high customer rating and a price range of more than £30, it is not child-friendly.
On the riverside The Mill is located near The Sorrento with a price range of less than £20, they are a coffee shop.
Strada serves Indian food near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café, is moderate price, is rated 3 out of 5, and is not kid friendly.
Aromi is a Chinese restaurant in the center of the city.
Indian coffee shop, Cotto, has a high rating, prices ranging from 20-25 and is located in city centre near The Portland Arms.
Fitzbillies, a 5 out of 5 customer rated Italian coffee shop in the city centre is cheap but not family-friendly
Bibimbap House is a French restaurant in the riverside area, near Clare Hall. It is in the average price range, £20-25.
Taste of Cambridge restaurant has a high price range but a low customer rating.
Serving English food in the city centre near All Bar One there is a child friendly food establishment called Green Man, it has a high price range.
The Twenty Two serves Japanese food in the riverside area and is not family-friendly
The Mill is a pub which sells luxuriant delicacies at equally luxuriant prices. It can be found in the park on the river.
There is a Japanese place in the riverside area near Yippee Noodle Bar. It is cheap and is called the Alimentum. It has a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
The restaurant Midsummer House is an average priced Indian restaurant near All Bar One.
A new Chinese food restaurant is being built in the city center near Express by Holiday Inn. Their name is The Rice Boat and what even better is that they have a moderate price range which leads them to having a 1 out of 5 rating. Even better is that they are very kid friendly.
Near Yippee Noodle Bar in the city centre is a cheap Chinese called Alimentum.
The Mill is located outside the city centre, it is a budget friendly pub.
Indian restaurant, The Phoenix is located near the riverside. The restaurant has low customer ratings.
Zizzi is an Indian pub with a rating of 1 out of 5, that is child friendly.
Near All Bar One is a moderately priced restaurant called Midsummer House. It has a customer rating of one out of five.
Blue Spice serves fast food with a price range of less than £20 and is located in the city centre.
Zizzi is a child Friendly pub serving Japanese food with a low customer Rating.
The English restaurant, Loch Fyne is family friendly.
The Golden Curry is a non family-friendly establishment that sells Italian food for those with a price range of 20 euros or less located near The Bakers.
The Eagle is a cheap coffee shop in the city centre. Located near a Burger King, it also serves Fast food and is rated 5 out of 5 by customers. However, it is not family-friendly.
Blue Spice is a moderately priced restaurant in the riverside area.
An English restaurant, Alimentum, near Yippee Noodle Bar in the riverside area has a moderate price range and low customer rating.
For French fare under £20, The Mill in riverside by The Sorrento is the coffee shop for you.
Midsummer House, near Café Rouge, serves Japanese food and is rated 5 out of 5 by customers.
The Alimentum is a family-friendly cheap Italian restaurant located at city centre.
The Rice Boat serves Japanese food and is kids friendly. This comes with high customer ratings and is located in the riverside area
In Riverside, Loch Fyne near The Rice Boat serves fast food and has a 1 out of 5 customer rating.
Near Burger King in the centre of the city, The Eagle is a coffee shop that offers moderately priced Indian food. The shop has a 1 out of 5 rating and is not kid friendly.
Bibimbap House is by the riverside near to Clare Hall. It serves French food and is expensive.
In Riverside, there is a pub named The Twenty Two.  It is located near Café Sicilia, and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop that provides Italian food located in city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It has an average customer rating and is family-friendly.
The Waterman is an inexpensive family friendly restaurant located north of the city center. It has a 3 out of 5 star rating.
Loch Fyne is a non-kid friendly English restaurant with a moderate price range.
Alimentum is an English restaurant by the centre of the city selling meals for cheap for the whole family.
The Golden Curry is a Chinese place with a low customer rating near Café Rouge in the cite centre, it is also family friendly.
Aromi is a pub in the riverside area. Customers have given it an average rating, but it is children friendly.
Alimentum in Riverside is a kid friendly restaurant serving Fast food for around L20-25.
Blue Spice has a price range less then 20. Has an average customer rating. it is a coffee shop. they are family-friendly. They are located in the city centre near Avalon.
Alimentum is a low priced 5 star restaurant near Yippee Noodle Bar.
New local coffee shop with fast food and  a high rating called Clowns located near Clare Hall by the riverside.
The Punter has a moderate price range. It serves Italian food.
The Mill is a coffee shop near The Sorrento in City centre. They are highly rated.
Loch Fyne is a child-friendly Japanese restaurant.
Cocum, restaurant with family atmosphere and for children, with a high attention to our clients and best prices; between £20-25.
The Phoenix is a low-priced restaurant in the city centre that delivers take-away.
English food is offered in the riverside area at the restaurant Aromi.
The Olive Grove is an Italian pub located on the riverside. It is not family-friendly and is in the less than £20 price range.
The Wrestlers offers Italian food. It has a child-friendly atmosphere, in the high-end price range and a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
A popular Indian pub called The Mill is located near the city centre and has moderate prices.
Fitzbillies is French, costs high and is by The Six Bells.
Located in riverside, The Waterman is a French food restaurant with moderate price range. The customer ratings are 1 out of 5 and is not kids friendly.
Located near Café Rouge, Midsummer House serves Chinese foods with a 1 out of 5 rating.
A kid friendly restaurant called The Wrestlers serves Chinese. High customer ratings for meals that are £20-25.
Strada located at Rainbow Vegetarian Café is family friendly and has good meals.
Available for your use is the one star Fitzbillies coffee shop, a high cost facility that is family friendly and has wine, cheese and fruits available.
in the less than £20 cost range, is The Eagle, in the city centre. It has a customer rating of average.
Low priced and family-friendly meet in the form of a Chinese restaurant called The Vaults.
Blue Spice is a family-friendly restaurant in the city centre with low prices less than £20 and a low customer rating.
The Rice Boat is a Chinese restaurant with an affordable price and 5 star customer rating. It is located near the riverside, family friendly, and is by Express by Holiday Inn.
There is a expensive Italian restaurant in the city centre called The Waterman, be aware that it is not child friendly and has very low customer ratings.
The Golden Curry is near The Bakers. It allows children and serves Indian food and has a high price range.
The Waterman is a kid-friendly Italian restaurant that is moderately priced, near the city center and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
With an average customer rating and a location near Café Adriatic, is pub The Vaults, which offers a £20 and under price range.
There is a Japanese coffee shop named Cocum that is non child friendly with a high price range and a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Olive Grove is an adult Fast food and pub located along the riverside, serving food and drink less than £20.
The Wrestlers is an authentic family friendly sushi restaurant aimed at richer people.
Giraffe is a highly rated coffee shop near The Bakers.  It is child-friendly, but the price range is more than £30.
Fitzbillies is a highly customer rated coffee shop located in the city centre. It serves Fast food in the £20-25 price range is is kid friendly.
The Punter is a kids friendly coffee shop. It has a high customer rating and a price range of £20-25. It serves French food and is near Café Sicilia.
Browns Cambridge coffee shop serve fast food in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel. They have a low customer rating and are not family-friendly.
Strada is a low-priced Chinese food eatery near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café with average customer ratings for adults only.
Next to Café Sicilia is a cheap coffee house called The Punter.  Families are not welcome.
The Waterman near Crowne Plaza Hotel has Italian food and its family friendly
The Golden Curry is a Fast food restaurant located in the city centre near Café Rouge.  It is not a family-friendly restaurant with a low customer rating.
Alimentum has the best sushi in the area near the City centre but is not a place for kids
at Riverside is a children friendly  pub called Aromi and it got a high customer rating
Browns Cambridge provides fast food as a coffee shop located near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
There is a Chinese restaurant called The Vaults
The family friendly fast food restaurant called The Golden Curry is family friendly.
The fast food restaurant, The Twenty Two, is not a family-friendly restaurant and can be found in the riverside area.
Near the Burger King in riverside, is a highly-rated fast food and coffee shop known as The Eagle.  The prices are average, and it is not kid friendly.
The Eagle is an Indian coffee shop in the city centre area near Burger King. It is not child friendly and has a high price range with the average customer rating being a 1 out of 5.
There is a coffee shop called The Vaults, which is near Café Brazil in city centre. The bill will be cheap, less than £20, but the customer rating is low.
Fitzbillies is a restaurant providing take-away deliveries in the low price range. It is located in the city centre.
Near Café Rouge is Midsummer House which serves Japanese food and has a rating out of 5
Zizzi is a coffee shop located at the riverside. It is child friendly but has low reviews and can be costly.
There is a three star sushi restaurant called The Wrestlers.  It is high-end and family-friendly.
The Dumpling Tree, located near The Portland Arms, is a pub that is not family-friendly, offering French food.
There is a kid friendly restaurant serving English food in the riverside area called the Green Man.  It is located near All Bar One and has a moderate price range.
The Cricketers is a children friendly pub. It is located near a Ranch and has perfect ratings.
Located in the city centre, The Phoenix is a French restaurant that has an average customer rating.
The Phoenix offers Chinese food in a moderate price range.  It is located in the Riverside area and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Strada is a moderately priced kid friendly Italian restaurant with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and can found near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
Near The Portland Arms, The Cricketers is a family friendly French coffee shop with a low customer rating.
The Rice Boat is a French restaurant located near the Express by Holiday Inn in riverside. It has a low customer rating, is not family-friendly, and costs less than £20.
A  coffee shop providing French food for over £30, The Mill is by The Sorrento on riverside.
A restaurant with a moderate price range is The Golden Palace.
If you are looking for a high customer rating restaurant in the riverside area, then check out the Golden Palace.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop providing Indian food in the £20-25 price range. It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is high.
Located next to Rainbow Vegetarian Café is Strada, a low priced, five star restaurant that sells burgers and fries.
Near The Portland Arms there is a child friendly Japanese pub called The Dumpling Tree.
Alimentum is a high-end restaurant that also serves breakfast. Alimentum is located near the Yippee Noodle Bar and the river
Green Man is a family-friendly restaurant. Green Man offers a selection of Italian food that cost's less then £20.  It is located in the city centre near the All  Bar one.
If you're near The Sorrento, check out The Mill. The inexpensive coffee shop can be found in the city centre.
There is a high price average rating place called Browns Cambridge.
The place you will be traveling to is Cocum.  The travel fare is cheap, and yes, it is family friendly.  Key places to eat are restaurants and the local pub.  The trip is marked with an average rating.
The Rice Boat is a Fast food venue in riverside, that is child friendly and gets and average customer rating.
On the riverside near The Sorrento there is a family restaurant Browns Cambridge.
The Phoenix is an Italian cheap restaurant in city centre with outstanding ratings.
The Vaults is kid friendly, served Japanese and the price range is moderate.
The Twenty Two is a riverside Japanese restaurant. Children welcomed.
The Phoenix, a Fast Food restaurant, located riverside, has a low customer rating, and a price range less than £20.
Cocum is a French coffee shop. It is cheap, family friendly and has a customer Rating of 5 out of 5.
Less than £20 The Vaults is a coffee shop in the riverside area near Café Brazil.  Customer rating: low.
The Waterman is a pub serving Indian food in the city centre. It has a low customer satisfaction rating.
Down by the riverside there is a pub called The Twenty Two, just next to Café Sicilia, but the customer rating is quite low.
The Wrestlers is a child friendly establishment offering Indian food at a price range of 20 - 25 pounds. This establishment has been highly rated by customers.
The Midsummer House serves Indian food and is cheap, rated 5 out of 5, and is near All Bar One.
For delicious French food, Head over to The Dumpling Tree restaurant where prices are reasonable.
The Wrestlers serves cheap, medium-quality full English breakfasts. It is very family friendly.
The Waterman is an Italian pub in the riverside area, and has high customer ratings.
Blue Spice is a cheap restaurant located in city centre.  High customer rating.  Not family-friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a fast food joint which is rather pricey but the quality is top notch.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop which is not very highly rated, but is family friendly. They serves American food, suck as hamburgers and fries, and are located near City center.
Located in the riverside area near The Portland Arms, Cotto is a coffee shop that serves French food. Prices range from £20-25 and customers rate them highly.
Bibimbap House has fair prices and can be found near Clare Hall.
The Vaults is restaurant serving traditional American cuisine for all family members
Bibimbap House is in city centre.  It is a Chinese restaurant near The Rice Boat.
The Golden Curry is a type of Chinese food. It is family friendly and has low consumer ratings.
with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 the Alimentum is a moderately priced Japanese food place in the city centre near the Yippee Noodle Bar
Located near the Express by Holiday Inn in the riverside area is The Rice Boat. It serves fast food, but is not family-friendly. It has a high price range and a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Bibimbap House is a high price Fast food restaurant near Clare Hall in the city centre.
The Japanese pub The Mill is in the riverside area with average prices
Cotto is an Indian food restaurant with a 1 out of 5 customer rating. It is child friendly and located near Ranch,
The coffee shop called The Eagle sells Indian food and is not Children friendly. It is located in the center of city by Burger King, the rating is high, and the price range is more than £30.
The Rice Boat is a low rated Indian food restaurant located at city centre . It is not family friendly.
Along riverside is an English restaurant named Alimentum, it is not kid-friendly and has a high price range.
The kids friendly Giraffe pup has Chinese food and is located in the city centre.
Browns Cambridge has average Fast food for less than £20.
The Golden Palace is a coffee Shop providing fast food. It is located in riverside area. Have 1 out of 5 customer rating but high price range.
Strada is a medium priced restaurant that is children friendly.
The Vaults provides Indian food in the high price range.
With a moderate price range, French coffee shop The Eagle is located in city centre near Burger King. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and is not kid friendly.
Taste of Cambridge is a high end restaurant providing meals in the £20-25 range.
Travellers Rest Beefeater has a 3 our of 5 customer rating and has a price range of £20-25.  It is located in the riverside area near Café Adriatic.
Cheap Indian food is served at Fitzbillies which can be found near The Six Bells.
Alimentum provides Fast food in the moderate priced range. It is situated in the riverside area and it is friendly for kids.
For Chinese food at a moderate price go to The Waterman. Located in the city centre, it is not kid friendly but is rated 3 out of 5 by customers.
Near The Portland Arms Cotto coffee shop good quality at low price
The English food in The Waterman is kids friendly. It is near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
There is an expensive, children friendly, restaurant called Fitzbillies near Express by Holiday Inn with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge is average and expensive.
The Wrestlers restaurant is family friendly, and offers a city centre location, at  low cost prices.
Alimentum, French food in the moderate price range located in the center of city is not kids friendly.
The Vaults is a 3 star pub with low-priced items near Café Adriatic.
Rated a 1 out of 5, this kid friendly  Indian food restaurant is  called  The Golden Curry
Strada is a family friendly Italian restaurant near to Rainbow Vegetarian Café,it has 3 stars a low price and is family friendly.
Come eat at this coffee shop where the price range is more than £30 and customer rating is high.  The Golden Palace serves fast food and in is the city centre area.
We do not offer a child-friendly environment. Japanese food is served here at The Plough. Located near Café Rouge, Our pub is very low-priced. Located in the city centre
Fitzbillies is an English restaurant located near The Six Bells. It is high price ranged.
The Rice Boat is near Express by Holiday Inn in the city centre.  It's over £30 per head but with high customer ratings and serving English food.  It's not family-friendly.
The Eagle serves moderately priced fast food in a kids friendly coffee shop. It is rated 3 out of 5 and is found near Burger King in the riverside area.
The Punter is a kid friendly French coffee shop located near Café Sicilia. The customer rating is low, and the price range is above average.
In riverside, there is a family friendly restaurant called The Olive Grove.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop serving fast food near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city center.   The Wrestlers is kid friendly and moderately priced.
The Golden Palace is a cheap coffee shop that does Fast food in the riverside area with a customer rating of 5 out of 5
Midsummer House near Café Rouge serves Italian food and it is rated 1 out of 5 by customers
The Mill is a riverside pub that serves fast food. It has a price range of £20 to £25.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly Japanese coffee shop , It is located near Raja Indian Cuisine in Riverside and has a price range of less than  £20.
Near the Express by Holiday Inn within the riverside area is a highly rated Japanese restaurant.  It is The Rice Boat with average prices between  £20-25 and it is not kid friendly.
A moderate range restaurant in the city centre is called Blue Spice.  It is rated 1 out of 5 and not kid friendly.
Near to Rainbow Vegetarian Café is a The Rice Boat where you can eat for less than £20. It has a low customer rating.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop in the city centre also serving Italian cuisine, it has a high customer rating and main meals cost approximately £20-25 per head, it is not children friendly
The Golden Palace is an Italian coffee shop near the river. It is in the higher price range and is rated 1 out of 5.
A cheap coffee shop that serves Indian food is Cotto located in the city centre near The Portland Arms.  This restaurant has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Phoenix is a restaurant in Riverside that serves Japanese cuisine and has an average customer rating.
Near The Portland Arms, there is a coffee shop named  The Cricketers with a Fast food type of food,  Customer rating of 3 out of 5  and  it is kid-friendly.
The Rice Boat provides Indian food. It is located in riverside and has an average customer rating. It is kids friendly.
Clowns is a pub located riverside with a price range of less than £20 and low customer ratings
Blue Spice is a child-friendly venue located in the riverside area. It has a high price range and a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Waterman is a Japanese pub in city centre with awesome ratings.
Located near Yippee Noodle Bar in the city centre is the fast food restaurant Alimentum.  Alimentum is moderately priced with a typical customer rating of 1 out of 5.
You can take your children with you to The Twenty Two. Serving great Italian food.
If you are looking for a quick and reasonably priced meal, then I would try Cocum. The best part is that it is family-friendly.
Taste of Cambridge is a coffee located in the city centre, near  of the Crowne Plaza Hotel.
The Phoenix provides Indian food in the moderate price range. It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Located by the riverside, Clowns is a pub which has a high customer rating and a price range of more than £30.
Loch Fyne is a restaurant that provides high quality foods. It is located beside The Rice Boat.
There's a 3 out of 5 customer rated restaurant called The Rice Boat near Express by Holiday Inn in the city centre. They're an English restaurant, are kid friendly and their prices are moderate.
The Waterman is highly rated and serves Indian food at an average price point in the riverside area. It is not kid friendly.
The Golden Curry near Café Rouge serves French food. It is family-friendly and has a average customer rating and is in the city centre.
The Phoenix offers Indian food in the riverside area. It has a 3 out 5 customer rating.
Wildwood pub serves expensive, but poor-quality sushi.
The Golden Palace coffee shop located in the city centre has Indian food.  It is inexpensive and has an average customer rating.
The riverside area has a fast food restaurant called Aromi
The Rice Boat, serving Chinese food, can be found in Riverside near the Express by Holiday Inn. It is moderately priced, but is not child friendly and is rated  poorly.
Browns Cambridge serves Chinese food in riverside. This a kids friendly place located near The Sorrento.
The Rice Boat is a child friendly Italian restaurant by the riverside. its customer rating, however, only scores 1 out of 5.
The Waterman is a pub that provides Chinese food with an average customer rating in riverside.
Cotto is near Ranch and serves Japanese food.  It has an average customer rating but is not family-friendly.
The Rice Boat is a family friendly restaurant that offers low priced British cuisine and is located outside the city centre, near Express by Holiday Inn.
The Vaults is a coffee shop, situated near Café Brazil in Cambridge. Rated 1 out of 5 by customers.
The child friendly Fast food restaurant named The Wrestlers coffee shop is near the Raja Indian Cuisine and the city center in the high price range.
The Waterman provides Indian food in the moderate price range. It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Green Man is family friendly and costs less than £20. it is located in the Riverside area.
Located near Riverside, The Eagle has low customer ratings and price range is less than £20.
The Cricketers is a French coffee shop that has received high ratings. It is located near The Portland Arms and is kid friendly.
The Punter is a pricey English restaurant.
Close to the Express by Holiday Inn in City Centre, The Rice Boat offers family friendly fast food at moderate prices.
The Dumpling Tree, which serves English food, is a  restaurant that serves higher priced items.
The Wrestlers is a restaurant providing Italian food less than £20 price range.
There is a very relaxing pub by the name Zizzi that offers Indian food at a 5 out of 5 rating for all adults.
The Golden Palace is a French coffee shop, with a price range of less than £20, located  in the riverside area, with an average customer rating.
Green Man makes cheap Indian food along the riverside, near All Bar One, with a family friendly atmosphere.
Loch Fyne is a family friendly, cheap Italian restaurant.
An Indian coffee shop named The Eagle is not child friendly, has a high customer rating, with prices ranging from £20 to £25, and is located in the city centre near Burger King.
The Mill, located in the city centre near The Sorrento, is a moderately priced French coffee shop.
The Golden Curry is a kids friendly place that sells Japanese food in the 20-25 dollar price range near The Bakers.
Aromi is a Chinese restaurant located in the city centre.
There is an expensive children friendly coffee shop near The Bakers called Giraffe with an average customer rating.
The Waterman serves Indian food, with deliveries for orders over 30.£  It is highly rated in Riverside for being child friendly.
The Mill restaurant is locate on the banks of the river near The Rice Boat.
The Cambridge Blue restaurant serves Indian food and has a high customer rating.
with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 the children friendly Japanese coffee shop called Cocum has a high price range
Child friendly French restaurant called Loch Fyne.
Cotto is an average Indian restaurant that accepts families in Ranch.
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing Indian food in the high price range. It is located in the city centre. It is near Burger King. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Cotto, is a moderately priced French coffee shop near The Portland Arms, in riverside.  It has a 1 out of 5 customer rating.
In city center the Japanese restaurant Alimentum is not family-friendly with food price ranging from less than £20.
Near Café Rouge in Riverside, The Golden Curry is a highly rated Italian restaurant which is kid-friendly.
The Golden Curry is a child friendly Chinese restaurant with an average customer rating.
The Golden Palace is coffee shop which has Indian food with moderate price in riverside.  Customer rating is 3
The Twenty Two is a sushi restaurant located outside the city centre.
For a nice family orientated establishment with upscale pricing. Stop by Cocum coffee shop.
Loch Fyne is not a family-friendly restaurant  that serves Fast food.
The Eagle is a coffee shop that provides fast food. It is located at riverside near Burger King. It is not family-friendly, in the cheap price range and has a customer rating 5 out of 5.
There is an adults-only coffee shop near Avalon named Blue Spice. It is found in the city centre. The reviews are not very good and it is actually quite expensive.
With low ratings, The Golden Curry offers French food and a children's menu.
Located near The Bakers is a kid friendly high priced Japanese restaurant called The Golden Curry.
French food is available at Zizzi pub for kids and friends. The pub has a low customer rating
The Dumpling Tree is a fast food restaurant with a price range of more than £30.
restaurant Zizzi is located within Riverside and has ranges between £20-£25
The Rice Boat is a moderately priced English restaurant with a low rating. Located in riverside near Express by Holiday Inn, it is not child friendly.
The Twenty Two is a family-friendly. Customer Ratings are average. It is located in the city center. Prices are less than £ 20. it is near The Rice Boat.
Taste of Cambridge is a fast food coffee shop in Riverside.  Located near the Crowne Plaza Hotel, it offers a children-friendly location to enjoy a meal.
The Waterman is a restaurant providing French food in the Riverside area. The Waterman is a kid-friendly restaurant with a price range in the average range and a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge coffee shop serves Indian food.  It is near the riverside and near the Crowne Plaza Hotel.  It is not family friendly and it's customers give it a low rating.
Cotto is a high-ratings near Ranch.
Located riverside, near Yippee Noodle Bar, there is a French restaurant called Alimentum. It offers cheap food and has a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
In the Riverside area The Waterman pub serving Chinese food.
Not family friendly, The Golden Curry serves Indian low customer rating.
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly restaurant on the riverside serving Italian food. It is located near The Sorrento.
There is a one-star coffee shop called The Golden Palace located along the river. It is inexpensive and offers sushi.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop serving Japanese food near the Crowne Plaza Hotel in the centre of the city. While it is not family-friendly, it has received a high customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Cambridge Blue is a Italian restaurant that is perfectly rated.
There is a restaurant The Eagle located near Burger King that's Family-Oriented.
The Waterman offer kid-friendly Italian in the riverside area.  The price range is above average and customer ratings are average.
The Waterman is a mid-priced location near the river, offering typical British fare in a family-friendly environment.
The Rice Boat is a children friendly place that serves Italian.  It is in the riverside area with 1 out of 5 ratings.
Wildwood is a coffee shop serving Italian food. Located near the Ranch, it has higher than average prices but lower ratings.
Aromi is a coffee shop serving Italian food with an average customer rating,  where kids are welcome and located in the city centre,
Near Café Sicilia is a coffee shop called The Punter that sells Italian food. It's family friendly and cheap. It has a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
The Twenty Two is a family friendly Japanese place located by the riverside.
Cotto is a Fast Food and coffee shop with  high prices and an average customer rating. It is located in the riverside near to The Portland Arms.
there is high price coffee shop named The Wrestlers serving French food Located in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine but not children-friendly
Browns Cambridge is a low rated, family friendly coffee shop that specialises in Japanese foods located in the Riverside near Crown Plaza Hotel.
The Golden Palace is a restaurant on the cheaper-side.
The Dumpling Tree is a fairly priced Italian restaurant.
near Café Brazil there is a coffee shop with a high customer rating called The Vaults
With a 5 out of 5 customer rating, the child friendly The Wrestlers serves high priced Japanese food.
A highly rated, low priced, fast food location in the city centre is Alimentum.  It is near the Yippee Noodle Bar.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop that provides Italian food located at riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5 but is is not family-friendly.
There is a cheap average rated pub near Café Adriatic  called The Vaults.
The Eagle is a highly rated Italian coffee shop near to Burger King. It is expensive and child friendly.
a cheap 5 out of 5 coffee shop which is family Friendly and serving Fast food would be Cocum
The Wrestlers is a restaurant in the high price range that provides fast food and a child-friendly environment with an average customer rating.
Near to The Portland Arms, the Cotto is an expensive Italian  coffee shop with a high customer rating
A kids friendly restaurant called The Blue Spice is located in the riverside area. Prices range from £20-£25,with high customer ratings.
Near the riverside area is The Olive Grove, a cheap family friendly pub.
for a child friendly restaurants, Wildwood is a good option
for a children Friendly coffee shop, Aromi serves French food near the river side and has a 5 out of 5 customer Rating
The Mill is a pub that provides Chinese food in the less than £20 price range. It is located in the riverside.
In the city centre there is a coffee shop with a price range of less than £20 that has an average customer rating and Japanese food named Cotto near The Portland Arms.
Loch Fyne has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is located in riverside near The Rice Boat. It offers English food.
The Cambridge Blue is a low price pub that serves a breakfast, located near the Café Brazil.
There is a coffee shop on the Riverside named Fitzbillies which offers French cuisine and a family friendly environment, Fitzbillies also has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 and offers low prices.
Located near The Rice Boat, The Twenty Two boasts a high price range, more than £30 coupled with a low customer rating and a non-child friendly status.
The Golden Curry is an average rated Chinese restaurant in the city centre near Café Rouge.
There is a coffee shop serving Indian food for a low price, called Fitzbillies. Customer reviews are average and it is located in the city centre. This coffee shop isn't family friendly.
The Golden Curry offers its visitors Japanese cuisine. However, they received a low customer rating.
The riverside area has a good Chinese restaurant called Alimentum. It is kid friendly with prices in the 20-25 pound range.
The Golden Curry is a Chinese restaurant that has a high customer rating and is children friendly.
The Phoenix is a fast food outlet located at the riverside. It scores high on the customer ratings chart.
The Rice Boat near Express by Holiday Inn in the city centre is a moderately priced, kid friendly English restaurant with a rating of 3 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a high priced Indian food establishment with a 1 out of 5 customer rating.  It is not children friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop, located in the riverside by Crowne Plaza Hotel. It's not family-friendly, and has low customer ratings.
Alimentum is a children friendly Italian restaurant in the riverside area in the high price range.
If Japanese coffee shops are your thing but you need to bring your kids, Aromi has the perfect child friendly atmosphere and boasts a 3 out 5 star rating.
Low prices at Fitzbillies family's welcome close to Express by Holiday Inn average ratings.
The Olive Grove is a family-friendly pub in the city centre serving Italian food under £20.
The Wrestlers are family friendly with a price range of less than  £20. The food is English and the customer rating is low.
Cocum is a coffee shop with French style food with a decent price range. customers rate it 3 out of 5 and it very good for children.
The Waterman serves Indian food in the high price range with an average customer rating in the city centre area and is children friendly
The Vaults serve Indian food. The price range is high and is not kid friendly.
Aromi servers Italian food in a coffee shop layout. It is a family-friendly restaurant with a 5 out of 5 rating located in the City Centre
There is a restaurant called Fitzbillies that serves moderately priced coffee and Indian food. It is family friendly and located in Riverside.
Blue Spice is a kids friendly coffee shop located near Avalon in riverside with a price range of £20-25 and a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Punter is a cheap, 1 star coffee shop that is near Café Sicilia and serves noodles.
Fitzbillies is an average children friendly high end coffee shop, It is located in the riverside area and serves fast food.
The Waterman is an awful French pub in the city centre.
coffee shop Aromi serves Indian cuisine and is located in the city centre. It is not family friendly and has a low customer rating.
The Portland Arms is a Cotto coffee shop has fast food at a high price
The Phoenix is a costly French food restaurant. It is located in the city centre but has a low customer rating.
The Punter, located near Café Sicilia, received a high customer rating. This French coffee shop has a price range of E20-E25, however they are not kid friendly.
The Punter offers Italian food in the cheap price range.
The cheap The Twenty Two is not family friendly.  It has a one star rating and is near The Rice Boat.
The Vaults is a Wine and Cheese restaurant, that is family friendly and in a medium price range.
The Waterman is a French restaurant, that is family-friendly, providing cheap food in the city centre and is highly rated 5 out of 5
If you are looking for an up market French restaurant you should try The Wrestlers which is located in the city centre close to the Raja Indian Cuisine restaurant
The Rice Boat serves French food in city centre. It has low customer rate and is not family-friendly place.
The Golden Curry provides English food in price less than £20. It is located near to The Bakers and it is friendly for family.
There is an English restaurant The Waterman located in city centre it is for the family. The price is high and it has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Punter is family friendly coffee shop sited in the city centre near Café Sicilia, it serves French food at low prices.
Located near the city centre is Blue Spice.  It is an Italian restaurant that has prices less than L20.
There is a coffee shop named Browns Cambridge that serves Indian food, but with average customer rating.  Yes, it is kid friendly and located near the Crowne Plaza Hotel.
The Golden Curry is an adult only Indian restaurant that has low customer ratings. It is located near Café Rouge in the riverside area.
The Green Man is a cheap, family-friendly place in the city centre.
The Rice Boat is low price coffee shop serving French food Located in riverside near Express by Holiday Inn with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 but not kids-friendly
Fitzbillies is a lower than average priced place near The Six Bells serving French food.
Blue Spice has a rating of 1 out of 5 but it is a great little riverside area to take the family
Blue Spice is a family place in the area of riverside with cheap prices and average customer rating
Cocum is a coffee shop that serves French food with a price range of less than 20 European dollars. While the coffee shop says family friendly, the coffee shop has a low customer rating.
Zizzi is a very entertaining pub that is located at a very convenient location.
Pub and Chinese food, Zizzi, has an average customer rating. Children not allowed.
The Mill is located in the center of the city near The Sorrento. It is a coffee shop that serves Italian food and has a moderate price range.
French food is provided near to Café Rouge in a place called Cotto.
Strada serves lower range priced Chinese food. This dining choice is near Rainbow Vegetarian Café is not a family friendly dining choice and has received low customer ratings.
Family friendly The Punter serves an expensive French cuisine.  It has a low customer rating and can be found close to Café Sicilia
restaurant Taste of Cambridge has a price range of £20-25 and is customer rated 3 out of 5.
An Italian restaurant called The Dumpling Tree has a moderate price range.
The Rice Boat is child friendly and is ranked 1 star and serves wine near the Express by Holiday Inn
Browns Cambridge is a low-priced Chinese food restaurant with an average customer rating.
The Eagle is a cheap restaurant serving Italian food however it's low ratings make buyers less likely to visit.
The Eagle provides Indian food Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
The Golden Curry, located near Café Rouge in riverside, is a French children Friendly restaurant with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Giraffe is kid friendly. it is located near riverside
there is a place near Café Brazil, it's named is The Cambridge Blue restaurant, it's a Japanese Food, and and the type of food is public, the price range is Average somewhere between  £20-25.
The Waterman is a wine bar located at the city centre. Family friendly and average priced. Rated 1 out of 5
The Golden Curry sells poorly rated Japanese food and does not cater to families.
Near Café Rouge there is a restaurant with a 5 out of 5 rating.  It's called Wildwood.
The Alimentum is highly customer rated. It is located in the riverside area near the Yippee Noodle Bar and serves Italian food priced at more than £30.
Zizzi is a family-friendly pub where you can have your whiskey and wines while your little ones enjoy their food.
The Vaults is a coffee shop located in the riverside area near to Café Brazil. It has a high price range and a low customer rating.
In the city centre is the moderately priced English restaurant, Blue Spice.
There is a venue serving English food at a high price range with an average customer rating near to All Bar One, it is called Midsummer House.
There is a high price range coffee shop The Eagle in riverside near Burger King. It is not kids friendly and it has low customer ratings but they serve Italian food.
With a rating of 5 out of 5 try the Golden Curry Japanese restaurant.
The Plough, near Café Rouge,  is a pub that serves cheap Chinese food in a family friendly environment.
Picturesque riverside coffee shop offering Japanese cuisine. Fitzbillies has a 5 star rating and superb value for money.
There is a Japanese restaurant called Midsummer House. The meals are normally more than £30 and customers have rated it as low. It is situated near All Bar One.
The Twenty Two provides Indian food It is located in the city centre.
The Rice Boat is a child friendly restaurant with an average customer rating. This establishment has high price ranging fast food and is located in the city centre near Express by Holiday Inn.
Loch Fyne Chinese restaurant has a customer Rating of Low near The Rice Boat on the riverside.
Located in the riverside is a Chinese restaurant named The Mill that has a cheap price range.
The Golden Curry is a Chinese food restaurant in the low price range. The price range is affordable, and it is family friendly, located near The Bakers.
Fitzbillies is a UK - themed family friendly restaurant serving high end breakfast on the outside of city center.
Inexpensive take away restaurant.       The Mill      The price is below ten pounds. They serve pub food items. You may like it the price is low the service is fast.
Located in the city centre near Café Sicilia, The Dumpling Tree is a child friendly coffee shop with a price range of more than £30.
Loch Fyne is a kid friendly Japanese restaurant.
If you're looking for inexpensive coffee and fast food and don't care if the ratings are low, try The Golden Palace in City Centre.
The Japanese pub Strada near Yippee Noodle Bar has an average rating by customers.
All are welcome to eat poorly ranked English food at The Golden Curry in riverside near Café Rouge.
A high priced Italian restaurant that is not children friendly is called The Vaults.
In the city centre, near to All Bar One is located Green Man that offers Japanese food with a moderate price range. There is no kids area.
The Golden Palace is a restaurant where dishes cost less than £20.
The Waterman is a French restaurant for adults with a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It provides customers with French cuisine ranging from 20-25 pounds and is located in riverside.
The Golden Curry is a kids friendly place. It offers French food and its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
Near Ranch is a child  friendly pub called The Cricketers which has a low customer rating.
Fitzbillies offers Japanese food at a moderate price range. It is near The Six Bells.
Fitzbillies near Express by Holiday Inn is a 1 out of 5 high price ranged children friendly
Midsummer House is a fast food restaurant near Café Rouge with a low customer rating.
The Olive Grove is a child friendly pub in riverside with prices more than £30.
The high priced coffee Shop The Punter is located near Café Sicilia. It is family friendly and has a 5 star rating.
The Plough. a family friendly and fair priced sushi bar and pub that is located near the Café Rouge.
Alimentum is a high rated food place in riverside near Yippee Noodle Bar with a price range of £20-25 that serves Chinese food.
The Waterman is a higher-end restaurant that is near the city centre.
Near The Bakers is a cheap, family friendly coffee shop named Giraffe with an average customer rating.
The Wrestlers does allow children, scores highly with customers. It serves Chinese food and is averagely priced.
Cocum coffee shop is an inexpensive fast food restaurant with 1 star review. It is not family-friendly.
There is a family friendly coffee shop near to Café Sicilia called, The Punter serving French food. It has an average customer rating and you can eat for less than £20 per person.
The Phoenix provides Chinese food in riverside. It has a low customer rating.
Wildwood is a coffee shop providing Indian food in the cheap price range. It is near Ranch. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Serving French food, The Twenty Two is not family-friendly.
Green Man provides fast food for the whole family at less than £20. Located by All Bar One at riverside.
The Vaults is a Chinese restaurant in the moderate price range.  It is not child friendly.
Cocum is a low rated, moderately priced Indian coffee shop.  It is kid friendly.
The family friendly sushi restaurant Alimentum is medium priced.
Zizzi is a kids-friendly, French pub.  It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
If you are looking for a cheap restaurant located in the Riverside area then look no further than the family friendly 5 out of 5 customer rating restaurant The Twenty Two which is conveniently right near The Rice Boat
Near to the Rainbow Vegetarian Café there is a Japanese restaurant called Strada which is child friendly with a high customer rating of 3 out of 5 and a average price range of food.
There is a Japanese restaurant called Browns Cambridge on the riverside near The Sorrento
Midsummer House is a 5 Star rated Indian restaurant near Café Rouge.
The Vaults is  high rated  low-priced coffee shop in the city centre near Café Brazil that delivers take-away
Near Crowne Plaza Hotel, The Waterman offers Chinese food and is kids friendly.
The Wrestlers is a Japanese  style place. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5. It is not children friendly and its price range is typically high.
Alimentum averages in price from E20-25.
The Vaults is a coffee shop located near Café Brazil in the riverside area which has received a customer rating of 3 out of 5 for their £20-25 meals.
For less than 20 pounds you can get English food at a restaurant called the Alimentum in the riverside area but it's not family-friendly.
Zizzi is a non family-friendly coffee shop located in city centre. Prices are less than £20 and it has a low customer rating.
The Waterman offers high priced English food with customer satisfaction reaching 1 out of 5 and is child friendly.
There is a Chinese food restaurant in riverside with a high price range and average customer rating named The Phoenix.
The Phoenix offers Indian food 3 out of 5 moderate city centre.
The Eagle is a coffee shop in the city center near Burger King, offering French food in a family-friendly atmosphere in a high price range
The Golden Curry is a family friendly place that is expensive and it is located near The Bakers
The Plough is a pub that provides Indian food in the less than £20 price range. It is near Café Rouge.
The Cambridge Blue is a great pub located near Café Brazil which serves fast foods that are affordable.
Kid friendly and located in riverside near The Sorrento, Browns Cambridge serves Chinese food.
The Phoenix a mid-priced restaurant located in the north side of town by the river. Pub Styled.
Taste of Cambridge is a coffee shop with Fast food  and family friendly near Crowne Plaza Hotel location riverside.
The Olive Grove Pub, is a sushi bar that doesn't allow families.
The Eagle is a moderately priced coffee shop that serves Fast food. It is located in the city centre near Burger King and is not kid friendly with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Loch Fyne, located near The Rice Boat in City centre, offers Italian food with a low rating.
There is a coffee shop called Browns Cambridge that also serves Italian food in City Centre, near Crowne Plaza Hotel,  with low ratings and not family-friendly.
The Phoenix is an Indian with a moderate price range. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and is on a riverside.
High-priced restaurant The Eagle, with a customer rating of 3 out of 5, can be found in the Riverside area.
Wildwood pub serves moderately priced Chinese food with high ratings.
The Eagle Offers Chinese food. This establishment has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Golden Curry is a non-family friendly restaurant with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
A  Japanese food pub The Plough is a moderate price range and is not kids friendly located near Café Rouge.
There's a coffee shop that The Wrestlers go to, with a moderate price range, serving Japanese food.  This restaurant is not kid friendly and is located near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre area.
The Golden Curry is a 3 out of 5 kid friendly Japanese restaurant  near Café Rouge in riverside
A poorly rated expensive restaurant The Rice Boat is located near Express by Holiday Inn in the city centre. It is not child friendly.
The Golden Curry is an Italian restaurant in the high price range. It is located near The Bakers and is not children-friendly.
Cocum is a coffee shop serving Italian food and is priced low with 5 out of 5 stars. It is family friendly.
Taste of Cambridge, a restaurant, has a 3 out of 5 customer rating with a price range of 20-25 pounds.
Only feet away from Café Sicilia, The Punter coffee Shop offers low price coffee and does not have family restrooms.
A kid friendly restaurant that you could try is Loch Fyne.
Alimentum is a family friendly Italian restaurant along the riverside that offers food for less than £20.
With a customer rating of 5 out of 5, Browns Cambridge serves Japanese food at prices over £30.
The Rice Boat is a child friendly, highly rated French food restaurant amongst customers. It is situated near the Express by Holiday Inn in the riverside area. The price range is between £20-25.
Situated close to Ranch, Wildwood is a popular low cost Indian coffee shop.
Zizzi is a pub providing Chinese food Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
The Phoenix is a site that sells fast food at a high price . It is located north of the City Centre.
The Twenty Two is in the moderate price range and located in Riverside, near The Rice Boat. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Phoenix is in the city center. It serves English food and customers say it's about average.
The Golden Curry is a Chinese restaurant which is kid friendly and has a 1 out of 5 rating.
Zizzi is a little burger spot that is family friendly.
Wildwood is a coffee shop providing Indian food in the moderate price range. It is near Ranch. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Rated 1 out of 5, Wildwood Italian Ranch and coffee shop is moderately priced.
The Italian restaurant, The Golden Curry, near The Bakers, has a higher price rang but is children friendly.
The Waterman is an Italian pub in the riverside area with average customer ratings.
A cheap and family friendly Italian restaurant is Alimentum at the riverside
Aromi is a French restaurant located in riverside.
The Phoenix provides Chinese food in the cheap price range. It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
The Olive Grove is a low-priced family bar located north from the city centre.
Near Yippee Noodle Bar you will find Strada, a pub offering fast food with an average customer rating.
Clowns, located riverside near Clare Hall, is a coffee shop that offers fast food. They have an average customer rating.
Cotto is a Japanese coffee shop in the city centre with low ratings. The price range is less than £20 and located near The Portland Arms.
There is a cheap place named Travellers Rest Beefeater near the riverside near Café Adriatic with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Fitzbillies coffee shop in city centre is not children friendly. We offer fast food with a high customer rating. Our prices range more than £30.
Near Express by Holiday Inn there is a family restaurant called The Rice Boat.
The Green Man is a family friendly Italian restaurant in the riverside near All Bar One in the riverside
The Japanese restaurant Strada is located near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café. They have a high customer rating and offer moderate prices.
The Golden Curry is a fairly average Chinese restaurant for adults only.
Strada is a cheap Fast food restaurant near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café, but it has an average rating and is not family-friendly.
The Mill is a French coffee shop with a price range of less than 20 GBP. It is located near The Sorrento in the city centre.
Midsummer House has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and provides Indian food. It is close to Café Rouge.
The Eagle is a coffee shop that also offers reasonably priced fast food around E20-E25. They are located in the city center near Burger King. Last year, they received high customer ratings and have been found very kid friendly.
There is a Japanese restaurant in the riverside area near Express by Holiday Inn called The Rice Boat. It is child friendly, has a 5 out of 5 customer rating, and costs more than 30.
Blue Spice is now open near the Avalon river. The coffee shop is expensive, but family friendly and 3 out of 5 customers leave satisfied.
If you are searching for a not family-friendly French coffee shop near Café Sicilia, The Punter might be for you. The advertise cheap prices and the customer ratings are average.
The Rice Boat is on the riverside near Express by Holiday Inn. It has a 1 out of 5 rating. It is not children friendly. It sells Italian food. It has a high price range.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that is low priced and not family friendly.
Loch Fyne is a budget Mediterranean restaurant located near The Rice Boat.
A 1 star, English restaurant near All Bar One is called Midsummer House. It is in the high price range.
The Twenty Two is the place to go with your family to get English food.
Located in city centre is the Fast food restaurant, The Phoenix, which receives an average 5 out of 5 customer rating score.
Near Rainbow Vegetarian Café there is an Italian restaurant named Strada with a 1 out of 5 rating.  It is high priced and not children friendly.
Zizzi is an average pricey adult coffee shop in the city centre.
The Eagle Japanese coffee shop near Burger King in the city centre welcomes children but is costly at more than £30 and has a low customer review.
Zizzi is a child friendly Italian pub with an average customer rating.
Alimentum is a Japanese restaurant located in the city centre.  It is not child friendly and prices are more than £30.
The Plough is a moderate priced, kids friendly restaurant near The Bakers.
The Golden Curry is a highly rated child friendly Japanese restaurant.
Low quality food is served at a cheap price at The Wrestlers, a family friendly fast food restaurant in town.
With a customer rating of 5 out of 5, The Eagle serves Japanese food.
The Punter can be kid-friendly, but the prices of £20-25 can be a turn off to families. However, watching the sun go down over the riverside by The Portland Arms is breathtaking.
Here at Loch Fyne, we have a riverside restaurant with great Italian food. Customers give it a 4 out of 5 stars. Come on over! If you can see the Rice Boat, you can see us!
Giraffe is a family friendly coffee shop with a price range of less than 20.   It is located near The Bakers and has a low customer rating.
The city centre Indian restaurant The Rice Boat is located near Express by Holiday Inn. This is an expensive, highly rated and not child friendly place.
The Rice Boat serves French food and is located at the riverside. They are kid friendly and have high customer ratings.
The Eagle is a family-friendly affordable coffee shop located north of the city centre by the Burger King.
i found a restaurant called Blue Spice that is along the river sells Japanese food for £20-25
There is a English restaurant named Strada near  Rainbow Vegetarian Café that is not children friendly with an average customer rating and a high price range.
Strada It offers fast food at low prices, and is located in the city center there Rainbow Vegetarian Café
The Phoenix is a one star rated fast food service.
Cotto is a coffee shop located at the city centre near The Portland Arms. It has a high customer rating and they serve French food for a good price range of about £20-25.
Zizzi, average Fast food and pub.  Yes we are family friendly
Travellers Rest Beefeater, near Café Adriatic, is located by the riverside and has a high customer rating; however they have a price range of more than £30.
The Vaults is an expensive English restaurant which is child friendly.
Blue Spice is an expensive restaurant that serves Japanese food.  It is located in riverside.
There is a cheap restaurant called Midsummer House that serves sushi.  It is just north of All Bar One.
Strada, near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café is a no for children. It's French food is in the high price range, with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Green Man is highly priced and serves Italian food. It is not child friendly, it is located in the city center near All Bar One.
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing Indian food in the cheap price range. It is located in the riverside. It is near Burger King. Its customer rating is average.
The Waterman is a moderately priced non kid friendly Indian restaurant in the city centre area.
A children-friendly coffee shop, Blue Spice in Riverside, near Avalon, is in the high price range and has a rating of 3 out of 5.
Riverside is offering a pub that you'll spend between 20-25 near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café called The Golden Palace.
Zizzi has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is a fast food pub that is not family-friendly.
Near The Portland Arms, there is a coffee shop that has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. They are a coffee shop that is named The Cricketers.
Wildwood is a medium priced pub offering traditional British food.
The Twenty Two is located in the city centre near The Rice Boat a family-friendly place that is cheap and boats an average rating of 5 out of 5.
The name of the Café is The Punter.  It serves Italian food and is very cheap.
At £20-25, Browns Cambridge offers Indian food at average prices. It has a high customer rating.
The Golden Curry is a fast-food restaurant in the City Centre with a 5 star rating.  It is family-friendly and by Café Rouge.
There is a nice place called The Rice Boat that offers food and drink.
In Centre City, near Yippee Noodle Bar is a Chinese restaurant called Alimentum. It has a high price range and average customer rating.
A kid friendly place to eat is The Plough restaurant near Express by Holiday Inn
adult only English food in the city centre with low customer rating is The Rice Boat
The Wrestlers is a venue providing Japanese food for a price between £20-25.  Additionally to that, The Wrestlers is a kids friendly venue with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is an expensive family oriented Sushi place.
Midsummer House, located next to Café Rouge, 3 star sushi bar
Aromi is a coffee shop located in the city centre. It serves Indian food and is for Adults only.
The Blue Spice is a cheap coffee shop with a  out of 5 rating located near Avalon in the city centre. it is not family-friendly.
Alimentum is a kid-friendly, French restaurant near the riverside. Meals cost £20-25.
The Golden Curry near The Bakers is kid Friendly serving Fast food with a moderate price Range.
There is a children-friendly, perfectly rated French food restaurant with a price range of more than £30 and is located in the city centre, it is called The Waterman
Fitzbillies is near The Six Bells, and provides English food in a price range of high.
Indian food can be found at The Golden Palace in riverside. They have a 5 out of 5 rating, and are inexpensive.
Clowns is a low-rated Indian coffee shop in the city centre, near Clare Hall.
Cocum is a children friendly pub with prices ranging more than £30.  It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Punter is an Indian restaurant with a price range of more than 20 pounds
Located near Clare Hall in riverside, Clowns is a coffee shop serving Italian cuisine and its customers rate it as 5 out of 5.
The Wrestlers serves Japanese food in the high price range.  They are child friendly and have a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Alimentum serves Italian food at prices less than 20, and is located in the city centre. It is not family-friendly.
Aromi is an Indian restaurant in a coffee shop environment, It has an average customer rating and kids are welcomed to the riverside establishment as well.
Fitzbillies is a moderately priced British Café which is near The Six Bells
Browns Cambridge coffee shop is on the city centre and near Crowne Plaza Hotel. We offer French food in a family-friendly environment. We have an average customer rating.
In the riverside area is a cheap, family friendly pub called  The Olive Grove.
Cocum is a moderate place with a price range cheap but bad rating
If you're looking for a moderately priced fast food restaurant, check out The Punter.
For Indian food The Golden Curry near The Bakers is an option. But it is not children friendly the price range is high.
Loch Fyne is a low-priced, non family-friendly restaurant serving English food.
Blue Spice is located north of the city with average prices.
The Mill is a high priced fast food pub in riverside.
There is a pub called The Plough that is moderately expensive that is kids friendly and offers Italian food. It is near Café Rouge.
The Golden Palace is an inexpensive coffee shop rated one star, located in City centre.
If you have a low price range, Cocum is a family friendly coffee shop which serves French food, but has an average customer rating.
The Rice Boat is a Chinese restaurant located in the city centre near the Express by Holiday Inn. The Rice Boat is a moderately-priced restaurant. It is not considered child friendly and customers rate it a 1 out of 5 stars.
The Waterman has an average customer rating.  It is am Italian pub located in riverside
There is a child friendly restaurant named Alimentum in the riverside area.  It serves Japanese food and is child friendly.
The Olive Grove is a kid friendly restaurant along the riverside
The Eagle is a coffee shop near Burger King at riverside. It also provides Italian food at a price range of £20-25. It's not suitable for kids, however it is highly rated by customers.
The Rice Boat is a fancy Japanese restaurant with rating of 3 out 5.  It is in the city centre near by the Express by Holiday Inn. Not suitable for children
Near The Six Bells there is a French eating establishment within the cheap price range. It is called Fitzbillies.
Cotto provides Indian food It is near Ranch. Its customer rating is high.
The Mill is a coffee shop providing Indian food in the high price range. It is located in the riverside. It is near The Sorrento.
There is a 5 star, family friendly, Indian restaurant in Riverside called The Rice Boat.
There is a cheap coffee shop Cotto located near The Portland Arms.
A highly rated pub called The Vaults, located near Café Adriatic, offers food for 20-25 Euros.
The Rice Boat offers cheap English food in Express by Holiday Inn in city centre.
The Waterman is in riverside. They feature high quality French food for about £20-25. Great for a night without the kids.
The Rice Boat, found in city centre, serves average French food and isn't for families.
A good Children friendly restaurant that most people love is Cocum.
The riverside area is the home of The Phoenix; a restaurant serving Italian food with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Dumpling Tree, near The Portland Arms, is a kids-friendly pub that serves French food.
The Waterman restaurant, located in Riverside, has a kid friendly environment for a moderate price range that customers rate  four out of five.
The Plough is a pub providing Indian food in the high price range. it is located near Café Rouge.
Bibimbap House is a fast food restaurant near Clare Hall in riverside. The price range is moderate.
A mildly expensive pub called The Vaults near the Café Adriatic has low ratings.
With a customer rating of 5 out of 5, The Cricketers is a family-friendly coffee shop. Offering French food, it is located near The Portland Arms.
The Golden Curry is a riverside Indian restaurant near Café Rouge with an excellent customer rating.  It is not family friendly.
The Rice Boat, near Express by Holiday Inn, offers English food in their child-friendly restaurant. It has an average customer rating and a high price range.
The Phoenix in the city centre provides Italian food at a cheap price. Its customer rating is average.
The Twenty Two is child friendly and located in the city centre near The Rice Boat. it is in the high price range and has a low customer rating.
Cocum is a mid-priced coffee shop serving wine and cheese with a one star rating and is family-friendly.
If you're looking for somewhere with moderate prices in the riverside area, there is a 3 out of 5 star rated place called The Eagle.
The Eagle is a French restaurant with the rating 5 out of 5.
Aromi is a children friendly pub on the riverside which is rated  3.33, on a scale of 5 by the customers
There is a cheap low rating family friendly coffee shop that sells Fast food in riverside called Aromi.
A child friendly, French pub with high prices, located near Café Rouge, is called The Plough.
Strada is a pub located near the Yippee Noodle Bar.  It has Japanese food and has been rated 3 out of 5.
The Golden Curry is a family friendly restaurant that provides fast food.
Strada, not family-friendly, located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café with an average customer rating, offers cheap English food.
Zizzi is a low cost, family-friendly, coffee shop in the city centre. It has a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
Midsummer House is an Indian food restaurant near All Bar One and has average customer ratings and a high price range.
The Waterman is a restaurant with a rating for five out if five for a low cost.
The Olive Grove is a pub in riverside that is kids friendly and has a price range of £20-25.
The Dumpling Tree is a restaurant that sells Indian food, it is priced at more than £30.
There is a  high price coffee shop that is kid friendly, with low ratings, that offers Fast food, named Cocum.
The Cotto is a coffee shop with Indian food in the moderate price range in the city centre near The Portland Arms. It has been given 3 out of 5 stars.
The Rice Boat is a low rated Japanese restaurant located in Riverside near Express by Holiday Inn. It is not child friendly with prices more than £30.
Browns Cambridge serves Chinese food. It has a high customer rating and the price range is £20-25.
Located in All Bar One, The Cricketers is a French restaurant .
The family friendly The Twenty Two serves British food and can be found in the city centre.
Not a family friendly place with an average rating Zizzi serves pub style Indian food
Family friendly with Japanese food is the Browns Cambridge. It is in the riverside area near The Sorrento.
Wildwood is a local pub that also serves Indian food. The price range is 20-25 a dish and has a high customer rating.
The Eagle is an Italian coffee shop. It is located in riverside, near Burger King. It has low customer rating since it is not family-friendly, but offer dishes for less than £20.
Although The Twenty Two is kid friendly and located in riverside near The Rice Boat, prices are more than £30 and it has a low rating.
The Waterman has excellent food. The prices are cheap and I can take the kids there.
Browns Cambridge is a lowly rated Italian restaurant with mid-ranged prices.
The Rice Boat is located in the riverside area near to the Express by Holiday Inn.  It serves French cuisine for less than £20 per head but is not family-friendly and has average customer ratings.
The Rice Boat is a cheap restaurant near the Express by Holiday Inn.  It is located in the city centre.  It is not family restaurant with low rating.
Giraffe is a family friendly pub serving Chinese food in city centre.
Located in city centre is a pub  Aromi with average customer rating.
Browns Cambridge serves moderately priced Chinese food and has a rating of 1 out of 5.
Cotto is a coffee shop on the riverside, near The Portland Arms, that offers Italian food at a high price. It has a 1 out of 5 rating.
There is a French restaurant that offers food at a price range of more than £30, it is near Clare Hall and is called Bibimbap House
Fitzbillies is a restaurant with moderate price on the side Rainbow Vegetarian Café
Bibimbap House provides Chinese food in the less than £20 price range. It is located in the city centre. It is near Clare Hall.
The expensive pub The Vaults, near the Café Adriatic, is rated 3 out of 5.
There is a an expensive coffee shop Cotto with a five star rating near The Portland Arms.
There is a expensive restaurant called The Phoenix and has a poor rating
In the City centre there is Alimentum close to Yippee Noodle Bar
In the city center you will find a very expensive place to eat called, The Phoenix. Which also has 3 stars.
Browns Cambridge is rated 3 out of 5 with a moderate price range.
The Plough is a high priced pub that serves Italian Food and is child friendly near Café Rouge.
The Mill is in the city centre. It has a moderate price range, and is a Japanese pub.
Bibimbap House is a Chinese food restaurant in riverside near Clare Hall with the average price of £20-25.
The Rice Boat is a child friendly, highly rated Chinese restaurant located near the Express by Holiday Inn in Riverside.
There is a low customer rating French restaurant near Café Rouge called The Golden Curry. They are family-friendly.
Cheap Italian coffee shop, Fitzbillies with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 is located at the riverside. It is not family-friendly.
The Waterman is a Chinese restaurant in the price range of £20-25 that is rated highly by customers, located in the city centre and child friendly.
Loch Fyne is a child-friendly restaurant serving Japanese food with prices in the £20-25 range.
The Punter is a fancy coffee shop located in Café Sicilia that is family friendly and great eatery.
There is a cheap French restaurant in the riverside area near the Yippee Noodle Bar. It is called Alimentum  and gets a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
The Punter is a very good place that serves good wine.
The Phoenix has prices ranging from £20-25 in the city centre. They have a high customer rating and provides Indian food.
There is a child friendly Chinese food restaurant with average ratings in the high price range called The Wrestlers.
Browns Cambridge is a place offering French food.  Price ranges from £20-25.  It has a 3 out of 5 customer rating.
Alimentum is located beside a river, and is conveniently located near City centre. It serves affordably priced Japanese food.
In Riverside, there is an average rated,  family friendly Japanese coffee shop called Aromi.
Green Man is a moderately priced restaurant that is not family friendly and is close to the city centre.
The Golden Curry is a kids friendly fast food place with a 5 out 5 rating.
For moderately priced English fare, visit The Phoenix while in the riverside area, boasting a 3 out of 5 customer rating.
The Eagle is a coffee shop with Indian food in riverside near Burger King. They have a high customer rating, are children friendly, but cost more than 30 pounds.
If you're looking for somewhere child-friendly in the riverside area, The Twenty Two serves good Japanese food.
Taste of Cambridge is an expensive restaurant. It has a high customer rating.
The Punter is a cheap coffee shop near Café Sicilia.  They serve a variety of foods.  They are family friendly and cheap.  They are rated 1 out of 5.
With a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and a high price range, the coffee shop at Fitzbillies  is located in the city centre area. They are children friendly and offer fast food.
Giraffe, a family friendly pub by the riverside, serves Chinese food.
Located in the riverside area near Rainbow Vegetarian Café, The Golden Palace is a pub with prices more than £30.
Midsummer House is a Chinese food eatery with a moderate price range and a 3 out of 5 customer rating. It is near All Bar One.
The Golden Palace is a low rated coffee shop that offers fast food for less than 20. It is located on the riverside.
Nearby Raja Indian Cuisine in Riverside, is a Japanese food coffee shop called The Wrestlers. It is relatively inexpensive and also kids friendly.
A children friendly French restaurant named The Wrestlers near Raja Indian Cuisine at city centre is a coffee shop for more than £30.
An Italian restaurant, with the odd name of The Rice Boat, is located in riverside next to Loch Fyne, and has an average customer rating.
The Eagle is a low-priced restaurant in near Burger King that delivers take-away.
Blue Spice a family-friendly restaurant with a price range of  less than £20 in the city centre has a low customer Rating
Aromi is an Indian food restaurant in the riverside area.
The Waterman is a low customer rated restaurant that is in the city centre and it has a moderate price.
The Cambridge Blue, located near the Café Brazil, is a pub with food under £20.
Loch Fyne is a French restaurant that is child friendly.
A pub near Yippee Noodle Bar called Strada sells Italian food and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Phoenix is a high priced Japanese restaurant located in City centre.
There is a child friendly Italian restaurant  priced within £20 - £25 range called Loch Fyne.
The Vaults is an upper priced American eatery. It is family friendly.
Near Café Sicilia, there is an inexpensive coffee shop, called The Punter serving Indian food. It has an average rating and is not family friendly.
There is an average high priced Café near the Café Adriatic in the riverside area called the Travellers Rest Beefeater.
The Cambridge Blue is a Indian pub near Café Brazil, with a high price range.
Cotto, a French food coffee shop near The Portland Arms in city centre has a price range of £20-25 and high customer rating.
Taste of Cambridge is a restaurant with a low customer rating. It is in the mid price range.
Customers give Italian restaurant The Wrestlers an average rating as it is cheap and not family-friendly
Alimentum is cheap-priced French eatery, rated 5 out of 5 near, Yippee Noodle Bar.
There is an expensive restaurant called Alimentum north of the city center.  It is north of the center. of the city and near the river and Yippee Noodle Bar.   Alimentum features small plates and serves vino.
Located right in the city centre, the Fitzbillies coffee shop offers Indian cuisine that is worth 1 out of 5 stars. While highly priced it is very children friendly.
The Vaults is a restaurant providing English French deliveries in the low price range. It is located in the city centre.
A higher priced pub serving French food, The Olive Grove is child friendly and located in the riverside area.
The Rice Boat is a family friendly sushi restaurant. It is medium priced and 3-stars. It can be found north of the City centre and east of the Express by Holiday Inn.
Along the Riverside is a cheap place called Blue Spice.
Located near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café is Strada, which is a non children friendly place that serves fast food in the more than £30 price range.
The Cambridge Blue  restaurant with English food has a low customer rating.
An adult oriented Italian restaurant called Strada has a low customer rating, but a moderate price range, and is located near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
Midsummer House is a Japanese restaurant with an average rating and is located near Café Rouge.
Located near Café Sicilia, this family friendly 5 star coffee shop, The Punter, offers families a welcome lunch break from shopping. Although expensive, their American cuisine is delicious.
Located near the Express by Holiday Inn on the riverside with ratings of 5 out of 5 called The Rice Boat provides French food that is family friendly and cheap prices.
Green Man serves English food in the high price range, is not child friendly and is located in the city centre near All Bar One.
The Cambridge Blue restaurant  with a rating of one out of five stars
The Cricketers is a kid friendly restaurant that offers pub food. It has a high rating and is located near Ranch.
An Italian restaurant called The Cambridge Blue that has high ratings.
A food place in the city centre with a high customer rating is called The Phoenix. It has Indian food and a price range of 20-25 pounds.
Fitzbillies, located in North City Centre, is a family-friendly, affordable and highly acclaimed coffee shop.
Suitable for the whole family, The Wrestlers is a well priced fast food restaurant.
A highly rated restaurant is Strada.
The Golden Curry is an Indian restaurant near The Bakers. Be aware the price range is high and it's not friendly to children.
The Eagle is a Japanese restaurant with a low customer rating ad is not child friendly. It is located in Riverside near Burger King and a coffee shop, the price range is more than 30.
Bibimbap House is a Chinese restaurant that is cheap.  It is in riverside near Clare Hall.
The Golden Curry is a family friendly fast food restaurant located by The Bakers.
There is a great restaurant named The Punter.
Fitzbillies is family friendly, low priced, and received a perfect customer rating. It is located near Express by Holiday Inn.
The Vaults is a cheap  and family friendly restaurant serving Japanese food.
Aromi offers a range of fast food with a family-friendly atmosphere. It is a coffee shop based in the city centre.
Giraffe is a pub styled restaurant which also serves pizza for you and your kids to enjoy and the riverside.
The Vaults is a Chinese restaurant.
The Olive Grove is a pub that provides Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in the city centre.
Family friendly Indian dining is offered in riverside at The Twenty Two .
Blue Spice sells Japanese food for more than £30 by the city centre.
Near Café Sicilia, in the riverside area, is a pub called The Twenty Two which rates 1 out of 5 with customers.
Browns Cambridge providing Fast food. It is located in riverside area near The Sorrento. Not family-friendly.
Near Café Rouge is a child friendly, fast food pub which is moderately priced, known as The Plough.
Aromi is an Italian coffee shop in Riverside. It has an average rating, and is family friendly.
The Punter in riverside close to The Portland Arms is Child friendly and serves food at more than the average price
Located in the riverside area near Clare Hall, Bibimbap House offers Italian food at moderate prices.
The Olive Grove is a pub north of the City Centre that offers pub fare in a low price range. Families are welcome.
The Vaults is a moderately priced Italian restaurant, with an adult atmosphere.
There is a fast food pub near Café Rouge called The Plough. It is not kids friendly but has a moderate price range.
Loch Fyne serves French cuisine along the riverside. The average customer rating is 1 out of 5. The Rice Boat is nearby.
Fitzbillies is a  kid friendly coffee shop serving Indian food in City Centre. It has moderate price but low customer rating.
Blue Spice restaurant is located near the river and offers higher priced fare. This location is not family friendly. Located on the outskirts of the city centre.
Strada has low priced fast food that is located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.  It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 and is adult oriented.
Children friendly food, yes English name The Twenty Two area by riverside
Situated near Café Adriatic is The Vaults a pricey pub.
The Cricketers is a child friendly pub with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 located near Ranch.
In the city centre area is a Japanese restaurant named The Green Man. The price range is more than 20 and it is near All Bar One.
Cotto is a mid priced, highly rated coffee shop near The Portland Arms.
A kids friendly, Japanese coffee shop named, The Punter, with a moderate price range. It is near the Café Sicilia with a 1 out of 5 customer rating.
Located in the riverside area, The Rice Boat offers fast food.
There is a child friendly pub called the Giraffe in the riverside area serving Italian food
The Waterman is Pub-style dining serving English food; located in centre city with average customer ratings.
The Phoenix is a French restaurant with normal price range and good customer rating located at city centre.
in the city centre near the Express by Holiday Inn , The Rice Boat serves Italian food with a price range of more than £30. It has a high customer rating and is not children friendly.
Alimentum serves Indian food at a moderate price range. It is located in the city center and is not kid-friendly.
Strada is a high-priced child friendly place with a 1 out of 5 customer rating.
Clowns is a high priced pub in riverside. It's rated average by customers.
The Rice Boat restaurant has an average customer rating that services French good that is in City Centre near Express by Holiday Inn and is not family-friendly and has a price range of less than £20.
In city centre is a kid-friendly coffee shop, Aromi. It has Indian food and excellent customer ratings.
Wildwood is a pub that provides Indian food with moderate prices and a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
If you're in the riverside area with kids and are looking for a highly-rated coffee shop that serves Indian cuisine to take them to, Aromi is a great option.
Taste of Cambridge is a restaurant with a high price range.  Customers rate this restaurant as 5 out of 5.
Try The Plough near Café Rouge for English Pub food that is moderately priced and Kid friendly.
Wildwood near Ranch is a coffee shop which does cheap French food. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Wrestlers, located on the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine, is a kid-friendly coffee shop that serves moderately-priced Indian.
There is a cheap family friendly coffee shop near Café Sicilia called The Punter. It has average customer rating.
The Plough is a low-priced, family-friendly pub situated close to the Café Rouge.
Near Ranch its located Cotto, a low-price and good Japanese food
The Waterman is a restaurant located near the Crowne Plaza Hotel.  It is not family friendly.
The Rice Boat located by the riverside and near the Express by Holiday Inn, is a great place to visit soon if you wish to provide your family with a high quality of service and exquisite French cuisine that's affordable to almost anyone.
Cocum is a family friendly coffee shop that serves Italian food in the cheap price range and has 3 out of 5 stars
Zizzi is a pub providing Indian food. This pub is not family friendly, and has an average customer rating.
Blue Spice had a moderate price range near the riverside.
Cotto is a coffee shop in riverside near The Portland Arms.  They have Indian style food at moderate prices.  Customers give it a rating of 1 out of 5.
The Twenty Two provides Chinese food
Green Man is an Indian restaurant that in the city centre. It is inexpensive and is not family friendly. It is near All Bar One.
The Olive Grove is a pub restaurant in the riverside area that sells French food. This kids friendly restaurant has an average price range.
There is an Italian The Twenty Two serving pasta.
The Olive Grove is a pub providing English food. It is located city center. Less than £20 price range.
There is a sushi bar near Ranch called Cotto, which has a low rating.
The Golden Palace restaurant offers low-priced food.
Do not bring the whole family to The Sorrento in Browns Cambridge.
The Waterman is a  restaurant in riverside, that serves Indian food, is children friendly and has a customer Rating of 1 out of 5 with high price Range.
With prices greater than £30, The Wrestlers is a children friendly coffee shop located in the city centre. It also serves Japanese food and is close to Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Punter's restaurant offers Chinese food for less than  £20.
The Cricketers is a family friendly one star coffee shop near The Portland Arms.
Near to Café Rouge are located The Golden Curry, a place for kids and everyone, with a very good English food and rating over 3 to 5.
The Plough pub is near the Café Rouge. It is high priced and serves food and drinks for the whole family.
Blue Spice is a coffee shop near Avalon in the Riverside area. It is family friendly, cheap, and it is rated 5 out of 5 by customers.
Cotto is a coffee shop providing cheap Indian food with a 5 out of 5 rating from customers. It is located in riverside near The Portland Arms.
Available for your use is The Vaults, a moderately priced, family friendly facility, serving pastas.
Kid friendly, high rated, riverside area coffee shop, Zizzi offers prices from £20-25.
The family friendly Japanese restaurant called The Rice Boat is located on the riverside near Express by Holiday Inn has low customer ratings as well as low priced food.
Located in the riverside area near Café Sicilia, The Dumpling Tree coffee shop is kid friendly and has moderate prices.
The Eagle is a fast food coffee shop near Burger King by the river. It is family friendly, has a low rating and a low food price range.
The Golden Curry serves sushi and is 3 stars. It is family friendly and near Café Rouge.
The Phoenix is a fast food restaurant just off of the city centre and is in the higher price range.
The Eagle coffee shop is located near Burger King in the city centre and serves French food in the £20 - £25 price range but is not child friendly
The Waterman is an Italian restaurant located by the riverside. It is child-friendly, with average customer ratings, and in the high price range.
The Indian restaurant The Phoenix is in the riverside area and has a high customer rating. The food costs more than £30.
The Eagle is a highly rated English restaurant
near Café Brazil, coffee shop, The Vaults, is cheap by the riverside, with a 5 out of 5 rating.
Visit Loch Fyne, an Italian restaurant that is both kid friendly and reasonable in price.
Aromi is a Riverside restaurant that serves French cuisine.
A coffee shop called Cocum offers Indian food with a cheap rice, it is rated highly at 5 out of 5 and is family friendly
Rated 3 out of 5 by its customers, The Golden Curry is a family-friendly restaurant that serves French food.
The Rice Boat is a moderately-priced venue. It is located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is  in riverside near Café Adriatic.  It has average customer ratings and a low price range.
The Vaults is an expensive Italian restaurant.  It is family friendly.
Located near The Rice Boat and north of City centre is a burger restaurant called Loch Fyne and it's highly rated.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop located away from the city center, nearby the Crowne Plaza Hotel. They offer a decent selection of fruits, cheeses and wines for the whole family to enjoy.
The Golden Curry is a children friendly restaurant at the riverside near the Café Rouge. It has an average customer rating and serves English food.
Blue Spice is a moderately priced restaurant in riverside.
In the riverside area there is a fast food restaurant called The Waterman. The customer rating is 1 out of 5, is not child friendly and is in the high price bracket.
The Rice Boat, highly rated, cheap, English food by the river, close to Express by Holiday Inn. Children welcome.
Fast food place The Golden Curry is kid friendly. And has a high customer rating.
Alimentum is a  low-priced Italian restaurant located on the outskirts of the City Centre, which does not cater to families.
If you're looking for child-friendly Japanese food, try The Wrestlers coffee shop. It's a bit pricey but in a nice area by the riverside, just by Raja Indian Cuisine.
Browns Cambridge is a high priced fast food restaurant with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Three star restaurant, Loch Fyne, located next too The Rice Boat
Browns Cambridge is a low priced Sushi Bar with a high average customer rating.
There is an expensive children friendly Japanese restaurant in the city centre, The Rice Boat. It is located near the Express by Holiday Inn. It is in the low rating range.
The Rice Boat near the Express by Holiday Inn is an average riverside English restaurant with a family friendly atmosphere.
Browns Cambridge is mid-priced serving fast food and has a three star rating.
The Rice Boat is an Indian restaurant with an average customer rating. It is located in city centre and it is family friendly
A moderately priced French food restaurant near Clare Hall and in the city centre is Bibimbap House.
Browns Cambridge is a Japanese restaurant that is located near The Sorrento. The restaurant is also kid friendly.
Fitzbillies near The Six Bells offers cheap French food.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop in the city centre area, offering moderately priced Italian food near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is best suited for couples.
Located in the city centre, The Rice Boat is a non-family-friendly restaurant serving Italian food. Customers gave The Rice Boat a low rating.
The Waterman is a not a family friendly Japanese restaurant located close to Crowne Plaza Hotel
In the £20-25 price range, The Wrestlers is a highly rated Italian restaurant that is not kid friendly.
The Eagle is a coffee shop rated 5 out of 5 for their cheap prices.  It's located in riverside near Burger King.  No kids and also sell Japanese food
The Vaults is a family friendly city centre restaurant serving beluga in the mid price range.
The Cambridge Blue is an Indian Pub offering low priced food. It is located near the Café Brazil.
Blue Spice serves English food that is moderately priced and is located on the riverside.
In the city center. is a family friendly Chinese pub that has average prices and is called The Olive Grove.
Blue Spice is a restaurant which provides Indian food. It is located by the riverside and is cheap.
Cocum restaurant is a child-friendly destination with a 5 start rating.
Blue Spice is an average priced take-away on the riverside.
The Mill is located in the riverside and has a moderate price range. It offers Chinese food
Near All Bar One, Green Man is a high priced riverside Italian restaurant where no kids are allowed to ruin your date night.
The Rice Boat is an adult only Japanese restaurant in the city centre with cheap prices located in the city centre near the Express by Holiday Inn with average customer ratings.
Aromi is a restaurant serving Chinese food. They are sited on the riverside.
Near All Bar One, in the Riverside area, Green Man is a non-child friendly restaurant serving high range English food.
The Punter is a 1 star, family friendly coffee shop providing Japanese food, it its in the low priced market. It is located close to Café Sicilia.
The Rice Boat restaurant, regarded to be high priced with average Chinese meals is not children friendly. It is located in the city centre, near the Express by Holiday Inn.
The Waterman is an English pub located in the city centre with a low customer rating.
Fitzbillies is located near Express by Holiday Inn. It is family friendly, has a medium price range, and has received average reviews.
Cotto is a coffee shop with a rating of five stars. They are also low priced  and are opposite to The Portland Arms.
Alimentum offers Indian food. They are price ranged of less than £20-25. They are kids friendly and located riverside.
The Wrestlers is an Italian coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city center. It is moderately priced, and is not kids friendly
Wildwood is an pub selling English food, it has high customer ratings and has a price range from £20-25.
Browns Cambridge is an Indian coffee shop near the Crowne Plaza Hotel. It's have a low rating and is not family friendly.
Wildwood is a pub which provides Fast food with an average customer rating and within a high price range
A fast food pub in the riverside area that is kid friendly is Giraffe.
There is a high rating kids friendly French restaurant near Rainbow Vegetarian Café, named Strada. Its price range is  £20-25.
family-friendly coffee shop serving French food with customer ratings being average; Browns Cambridge is in City centre and near the Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Zizzi is a family-friendly coffee shop with a price range of less than 20. It is located in city centre with a low customer rating.
The Rice Boat serves cheap Chinese food and gets a rating of 5 out of 5. It is located in the city centre near the Express by Holiday Inn and is not family friendly.
Fitzbillies serves wine, food and coffee.  It is rated five stars and is welcoming to families.
Blue Spice is a featured coffee shop for adults only children not allowed located 1 block from Avalon
The Cricketers is a kid friendly Japanese coffee shop. The customer ratings are high and it is located near The Portland Arms.
With more than £30 you can to the excellent Giraffe coffee shop near The Bakers. Not family-friendly
There is a place Green Man that offers Chinese food. They are located in the city centre near All Bar One. They are kids friendly and in moderate price range.
The Wrestlers is a Japanese coffee shop located by the riverside, near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is moderately-priced and not kid-friendly.
The Portland Arms is near The Punter in the Riverside area. The Punter is a moderate priced kid friendly venue.
A cheap place in the riverside are is Cotto. It is near All Bar One.
The Golden Palace is a restaurant that is also cheap.
There is a family friendly restaurant in the riverside area called The Olive Grove.
Midsummer House is a Chinese restaurant near All Bar One and has a low customer rating.
There is a child friendly coffee shop with 5 out of 5 customer rating near The Portland Arms.  It is a Japanese place called The Cricketers.
Fitzbillies provides Chinese food in the less than £20 price range. It is near The Six Bells.
Strada is friendly with kids with a moderate price for a customer rating of 3 out of 5 points.
The Rice Boat is a five star family friendly English restaurant, is located near the city centre.
There is a coffee shop that sells Indian food in riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel named Taste of Cambridge. Taste of Cambridge is family friendly.
The Dumpling Tree is  a pub near The Portland Arms, serving French food to children and adults alike.
there is a low price coffee shop named Strada near Rainbow Vegetarian Café that serving Italian food with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 but not family-friendly
Riverside area English food is The Twenty Two not family-friendly.
The Phoenix is a French restaurant on the riverside. It's expensive and has a 3 out of 5 customer rating.
The Eagle is a children friendly coffee shop located in the city centre near the Burger King. The customer rating is 5 out of 5 and if you're looking for some French food and have a price range of more than 30 pounds this is a good place to go.
There is a coffee shop by the name of Clowns next to the riverside, near Clare Hall. It serves Japanese food but has a low rating of 1 out of 5.
There is a moderate priced pub called The Olive Grove located in the city center, they serve Japanese food and are kid friendly.
The Rice Boat in riverside is a kids-friendly Fast food restaurant near Express by Holiday Inn.  Although moderately priced it only has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Vaults restaurant caters to couples and single adults, its low cost makes for great fast food.
Green Man is a high price range restaurant in the city centre near All Bar One. It is a children friendly restaurant and they serve Italian food.
A restaurant that serves Italian food near Café Rouge is called Cotto.
Fitzbillies is cheap and right next to Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
Midsummer House, a fast-food restaurant rated three stars, is located by Café Rouge.
A coffee shop named The Punter has Japanese food, a customer rating of 5 out of 5 and the price range being cheap. It's not family-friendly and can be found near Café Sicilia.
Wildwood is an Italian coffee shop that is moderately priced with an average customer rating situated in Ranch.
Midsummer House is a restaurant with a moderate price range and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5; it is located near All Bar One.
A fast food place called Cotto has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and is found near Ranch.
Alimentum is an inexpensive wine and cheese restaurant.  It's family friendly in the City Centre.
Blue Spice is in the center of the city, but it's relatively expensive
The Waterman is a fast food restaurant in the city centre. It has a moderate price range and boasts a customer rating of 3 out of 5. The Waterman is not kid friendly.
For more than £30 you can go to the pub Cocum. It has a low customer rating and is not child friendly.
Giraffe is a cheap, family-friendly coffee shop near The Bakers.
Near The Bakers there is a moderately priced Italian restaurant called the Golden Curry. It is not kids-friendly.
There is a Japanese restaurant that has a moderate price range, it is The Dumpling Tree.
Check out The Plough, near The Bakers; a kids friendly restaurant with a price range between 20-25 pounds.
The Vaults is a low cost, fast food takeaway in Cambridge
Fitzbillies is near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café and has moderately priced items.
If you're looking for average priced English food, The Cambridge Blue pub near Café Brazil is the place for you.
The Dumpling Tree has a price range of 20-25 pounds.  It is a restaurant that serves Japanese.
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing Indian food in the £20-25 price range. It is located in the city centre. It is near Burger King. Its customer rating is high.
Loch Fyne, a family-friendly restaurant that offers Japanese cuisine, has competitive prices.
Giraffe is a family friendly pub. They are by riverside and serve Japanese food.
There is a venue called Alimentum in the city centre which serves high price range fast food that is child friendly.
In the riverside area near The Portland Arms is Cotto. A low cost coffee shop serving Japanese food. It has a low customer rating.
Come eat Blue Spice Indian food in riverside for less than 20 pounds.
The Golden Curry is a restaurant providing Indian food in the low price range. It is located in the city centre.
A Japanese restaurant near to the riverside and the Café Rouge, is The Golden Curry.  It's not family-friendly and has a low customer rating.
The Rice Boat provides Indian food in the moderate price range. The customer rating is 3 out of 5. The area is riverside, near Express by Holiday Inn. The establishment is not children friendly.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Indian food in the more than £30 price range. It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is high.
Bibimbap House, a fast food restaurant, in the riverside area, near Clare Hall with a price range less than L20.
There is a restaurant called The Eagle near the river. It has one star and is higher-priced.
The Rice Boat serves Japanese food and is located on the riverside.
The Olive Grove is a pub located on the outskirts of Cambridge. It is suitable for families with a medium price point.
There is a restaurant on the river called The Rice Boat that is very family friendly.
The Twenty Two offers Japanese by the riverside for the whole family.
A really good Italian place  is The Wrestlers.  It has great customer ratings of 5 out of 5 and prices are very low but not a place for children.
1 star budget, family friendly coffee shop, The Punter. Located nearby Café Sicilia
Clowns is a coffee shop near Clare Hall in Riverside .  It serves Japanese food and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Cricketers is a Japanese coffee shop near to The Portland Arms that has an average rating and isn't family-friendly
The Vaults offers an Italian menu.
Blue Spice is a restaurant located in riverside. Yes it is kid friendly and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5. Prices range from £20-25.
A Japanese restaurant located in the city centre, The Waterman is a more expensive place with prices higher than £30. It is not child friendly and is rated low by customers.
Alimentum provides Chinese food in the cheap price range. It is located in the riverside.
The coffee shop Cocum provides Japanese food with a price range of less than £20. It is family friendly but has a low customer rating.
Fast food coffee shop located near Café Sicilia. The Punter has a moderate price range, is not kid friendly and has a customer rating 1 out of 5.
Green Man is kid friendly, located in the city centre and in the moderate price range.
There's a family friendly English Food pub called Zizzi with a  out of  5 customer rating.
Cotto is a 3-star coffee shop located near The Portland Arms on the river to the north of the City centre serving moderately-priced fast food.
Strada is a pub providing Chinese food It is near Yippee Noodle Bar. Its customer rating is low.
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly Italian restaurant in Riverside near The Sorrento.
There is a Chinese venue with a price range of less than £20 called The Punter.
Strada is a eating type of restaurant with a low customer rating
The Dumpling Tree is a  restaurant providing  food in the low price range.
The Waterman has a low customer rating 1 out of 5 perhaps because it isn't a friendly place for kids.  It serves French food and is moderately priced and can be found in the city centre.
The coffee shop, The Eagle, is not children friendly that serves French food and is located in the city centre near Burger King.  With a average price of more than £30 it has an average low customer rating.
Browns Cambridge offers Japanese food located near The Sorrento in the city centre.
Giraffe is a coffee shop with a price range of  £20 or less and is very close of The Bakers
Bibimbap House is a moderately-priced Italian restaurant located near Clare Hall on the river, north of the City centre.
The Golden Palace, is conveniently  located near the centre of the city and offers coffee beverages and prices can't be beat.
Midsummer House near All Bar One has a high customer rating and a high price. It serves Italian food.
The Rice Boat has cheap prices and an average customer rating. It is near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
Strada is a nice restaurant with great service and price a little high
The Rice Boat is a family friendly place in riverside which serves English food has a average customer rating.
The Golden Curry is a Chinese restaurant with a low customer rating. It is in Riverside near Café Rouge and is kid friendly.
Located in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine is an adult coffee shop called The Wrestlers. This high priced coffee shop serves Italian food.
The Wrestlers is a French food  coffee shop  in the more than 30 pounds price range it is in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine not child friendly for adults only
Zizzi is a 5 out of 5 rated coffee shop in the riverside area. It is not children friendly and the price range is more than £30.
Loch Fyne is a high priced, child friendly, Chinese restaurant.
Located near the Café Adriatic and a customer rating of 1 out of 5. We're The Vaults pub which is a perfect home for you.
The Twenty Two is a restaurant located in the city centre with a mid price range. It is located near The Rice Boat and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5, it is also kid friendly and suitable for all families.
The Vaults serves Chinese and is for Adults only. Its prices are less than £20.
The Eagle is a kid friendly coffee shop that also serves Italian food.  It has a high customer rating, so if you are interested it is located near Burger King in city centre and the bill will be around £20-25.
The Rice Boat restaurant welcomes all adults. This 1-star restaurant serves Asian cuisine and sits right next to the river.
In the riverside area, near Café Adriatic, is Travellers Rest Beefeater.  It has a moderate price range with a 1 out of 5 customer rating.
Fitzbillies is a moderately priced, non-kid friendly, fast food coffee shop in riverside with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
A child friendly Fast food restaurant in the riverside area near the Express by Holiday Inn, The Rice Boat has average customer ratings and high prices.
There's an English Pub near Café Rouge that's kid friendly.  It's got moderate prices, called The Plough.
The Punter is a cheap Indian coffee shop with average customer ratings located near Café Sicilia.  This restaurant is not family friendly.
Yes, there is a family friendly coffee shop that sells Fast food. It is called Aromi and located on the riverside with a customer's rating of 5 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop. There price range is moderate. They serve fast food. They are not kids friendly. Located near the Raja Indian Cuisine, in the riverside area.
The Punter is a coffee shop near Café Sicilia. It is in the low price range and is not family Friendly.
The Golden Curry is a moderate kids friendly English restaurant with a moderate price range located near The Bakers.
The Vaults is a restaurant specializing in Italian cuisine.  It is expensive, but family friendly.
Midsummer House is a low-cost restaurant around the corner from All Bar One.
Fitzbillies is an Indian coffee shop with an expensive price range of more than 30.  It has a high customer rating and is located in the riverside area.  It is not child friendly.
Near Yippee Noodle Bar in the city centre is Alimentum  they serve Italian and are rated 5 out of 5 and is priced as cheap.
The Mills is a pub in the city centre which have Italian food price ranging moderate.
Cocum - a high end French themed coffee shop, outstanding customer ratings and child friendly.
The Fitzbillies is a French coffee shop in the city centre that has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 and is children friendly, but has a price range of more than £30.
Cotto is a coffee shop in the city centre, with a high customer rating, that serves Italian food. It is located near The Portland Arms and the price range is £20-25.
The Golden Curry has an average customer rating. It serves Japanese food in a non-family-friendly environment.
The Waterman is a one star rated pub which sells fast food.
The Dumpling Tree restaurant offers French food for a low price.
The Olive Grove is a great restaurant, the food is very delicious and you can go with your kids, is in the center of the city and is very cheap
In the riverside area, near The Portland Arms, is a restaurant called The Punter. It is an average priced and kid friendly restaurant.
Giraffe is the place to come with your children and eat the best Italian Food
There is a cheap restaurant The Wrestlers located in the centre of the city that provides eat in space for families.
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly French coffee shop located by the riverside, near Crown Plaza Hotel with low customer rating.
Located in the riverside area, here at Fitzbillies  you can enjoy cheap Japanese food for the riverside area. With a 5 out of 5 customer rating, you can't go wrong.
There is a fast food restaurant located near The Sorrento in the city centre called The Mill which offers moderately priced food.
The Phoenix serves cheap Chinese food in the City center. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Midsummer House is a 3 star Greek restaurant, offering cheap food and drink. It is within walking distance of All Bar One.
Cotto is a Japanese coffee shop near The Portland Arms on the riverside. It has a low rating and costs more than £30
Wildwood is a mid-priced coffee shop providing food and drink near the Ranch.
The Waterman is a family friendly Chinese restaurant located near the Crowne Plaza Hotel.
The Punter is a French restaurant with an average price range.
With a 3 out of 5 rating and high-priced English food, there is a restaurant in City centre called The Phoenix.
There is a cheap Chinese restaurant call The Wrestlers with customer Rating 5 out of 5.
There is a kid friendly Indian coffee shop called Cocum. The price is steep but the coffee is average.
Midsummer House serves British food. It is expensive and low rated. It is located by All Bar One.
The Waterman is an adult friendly, riverside establishment. It serves mediocre Chinese and is cheap.
Zizzi is a child friendly coffee shop located in Riverside. Prices are higher then average however customers rate it very well.
The Dumpling Tree is a low priced restaurant offering sushi.
Loch Fyne is a Japanese restaurant that is children-friendly.
The Twenty Two is a kid friendly English food restaurant located at Riverside.
The Rice Boat is a not family friendly,cheap, average rated Chinese food restaurant near Express by Holiday Inn.
The Rice Boat is not children Friendly and has a price Range of more than £30. Its located in the city centre and has a high customer rating. They serve Italian food and they are near the Express by Holiday Inn
Near Clare Hall by the river the Italian food restaurant Bibimbap House ranging from 20 - 25 euros.
in the riverside area near the Café Brazil there is a coffee shop with customer ratings of 5 out of 5 where the food is more than £30 called The Vaults
Located on the riverside, The Waterman is a moderately rated English pub.
The Loch Fyne is a restaurant that is not family friendly but is low priced.
The Waterman located in the city centre serves English food. They are kids friendly, has a 3 out of 5 customer rating, and has a moderate price range.
Strada is located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café in the city centre. It serves English food, is family friendly, has a medium price range and has received poor reviews.
Fitzbillies is a cheap fast food coffee shop in riverside which is not family-friendly and has an average customer rating.
Cocum is a average customer rated coffee shop that serves Italian food in the high price range, all being children friendly.
In the heart of the city near Burger King is The Eagle, a French coffee shop offering good prices, a family-friendly atmosphere, and good customer service.
The Waterman says no to taking less than £20 for French fries near the riverside because it has a low rating.
Bibimbap House is located near Clare Hall in the center of the city. It serves Italian food and has a moderate price range.
Near Raja Indian Cuisine, The Wrestlers provides the atmosphere of a coffee shop with Indian food. At less than 20 pounds, it provides a family friendly setting for its customers right in the city centre.
Fitzbillies is a highly priced coffee shop in the city centre that provides Indian food.
Bibimbap House offers French cuisine near Clare Hall in riverside and costs more than 30 euros.
The Rice Boat restaurant is family friendly and located near the Express by Holiday Inn and serves low priced food and drinks.
The Cricketers is a French coffee shop near The Portland Arms. They are not family-friendly and have a low customer rating.
The Alimentum is a family oriented restaurant near the city centre.  It is medium priced.
There is a average rating, and family-friendly coffee shop named Blue Spice in the city centre near Avalon with a price range of less than 20 pounds.
Strada is a family friendly restaurant that is very cheap, with an average customer rating.
A child friendly fast food restaurant that costs more than £30 on the riverside near Express by Holiday Inn is The Rice Boat
The non-family-friendly The Rice Boat offers English food rated 5 out of 5 by customers in the city centre.
The Waterman, an English restaurant. on the riverside is kid friendly, moderately priced, and has a 3 star rating.
There is a restaurant named Loch Fyne. It is kid friendly. The price range is fairly cheap.
The Eagle is a low rated fast food.
The Golden Curry serves Chinese food and has an average customer rating. Yes, it is children friendly.
Strada is located near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café. It has five stars, Its good for families. They have American food.
There is a French restaurant called The Waterman. It is located by the riverside. It is child friendly but is expensive and is rated as average.
With a customer rating of 3 stars out of 5, Giraffe is a coffee shop with a moderate price range, located near The Bakers.. Children are welcome.
Alimentum provides Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in the city centre.
Fitzbillies is a riverside area coffee shop with a high customer rating. They serve fast food at slightly above average prices, but are very kid friendly.
The Phoenix is an average Japanese restaurant in the city centre.
A pub serving French food near riverside called The Olive Grove is above-average price. It is not kid friendly.
The Rice Boat is a cheap, 5 star restaurant that is family friendly. It is located beside the Express by Holiday Inn and is a wine and cheese tasting place.
The Twenty Two is a restaurant providing Indian food with a child friendly atmosphere in the Riverside area.
Child friendly venue The Golden Curry is located near The Six Bells.
The Golden Palace, serving Japanese food in their coffee shop, has a 5 out of 5 customer rating located conveniently in the city centre and is cheap.
Alimentum provides Chinese food in the high price range. It is located in the riverside. It is near Yippee Noodle Bar. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Loch Fyne is a 5 star restaurant located far North of the city centre near the water. It is also located near The Rice Boat.
The Olive Grove is located in city centre. They are a pub type restaurant that is not kid friendly with moderate prices.
The Golden Palace is a moderately priced pub near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café in the riverside area.
A children-friendly place for Chinese food, 'The Vaults' offers a culinary experience ranging anything above £30.
There is a poorly rated restaurant The Golden Curry that is family friendly and provides sushi and shrimp.
The Rice Boat is in the city centre and serves French food. They have a low customer rating and are not family-friendly.
The Twenty Two is kid friendly
For a kid-friendly fast food place, you can go to The Golden Curry. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5. Find it by the riverside, near Café Rouge.
Strada with price range £20-25 get customer rating 3 out of five. It is also kids friendly place.
Strada is a family friendly place with low customer rating and less than £20.
A three star pub serving fast food called Zizzi is family friendly.
The Golden Palace at Riverside restaurant average rating
The Waterman is in the riverside area and serves English food. It is children friendly and has a price range of more than £30 with a high customer rating.
Wildwood restaurant is a family friendly place.
Near Clare Hall is a moderately priced restaurant called Bibimbap House.
A budget friendly place to visit near All Bar One would be the Cotto near the riverside.
The Eagle serving Japanese cuisine in its coffee shop does not cater for children. It is situated close to Burger King near riverside. It has a price list of more than £30 but has a customer review of 5 out of 5.
The Waterman is a moderately priced English restaurant in the city centre. They are not kid friendly and have a 1 out of 5 rating.
The Twenty Two is family  friendly serving Italian
With a 3 out of 5 customer rating, The Rice Boat is an English, kid friendly, restaurant in the riverside area.
Alimentum offers high priced Chinese cuisine in a non-child friendly environment at the Riverside.
The pub called The Olive Grove which is cheap and child-friendly it serves Italian food is located in riverside
Loch Fyne is a cheap restaurant providing cheeses, wine and desserts. It is not suitable for families.
An Indian restaurant called The Dumpling Tree offers food at a moderate price
Located in the city centre, The Phoenix is a Japanese restaurant offering moderately priced food. It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
if you needs somewhere children friendly to get some Fast food, the highly rated Aromi coffee shop can be found in the riverside area.
Blue Spice is in the moderate price range, in the riverside area.
Cocum is a poorly rated, child friendly restaurant.
The Golden Palace is a highly priced coffee shop in the city centre serving fast food, with a customer rating of 1 out of 5
The Waterman is a low rated Chinese food pub. It is located on the riverside.
Situated by the river, the Giraffe pub is home to fine fruit, wine and cheeses.
Clowns is a Italian coffee shop by the riverside, located near Clare Hall with 1 out of 5 star customer rating.
Alimentum located in the city centre near the Yippee Noodle Bar is high in price range, but has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and serves English food
Fitzbillies is a  low-cost coffee shop, French food located in the centre of the city, serves dishes from £30 for all
The Punter is a Italian food, coffee shop fusion and it is not family-friendly.  It does offer great food at low prices and has a rating of 5 out of 5.  It is located near Café Sicilia.
Cocum  is a restaurant kids friendly and as a customer rating of 3 out of 5
The Wrestlers is a cheap fast food restaurant located in City Centre.  1 out of 5 customer rating.
There is a moderately priced coffee shop with a 1 out of 5 customer rating called The Vaults located near Café Brazil in the City Centre.
A pub called Cocum is priced below average, has an average customer rating, and is not family-friendly.
Clowns coffee shop offers fast food with an average customer rating. It is located near Clare Hall in riverside.
The Rice Boat is a moderately priced Chinese restaurant.  It only has a 1 star out of 5 rating and isn't kid friendly. I t is located riverside by the Express by Holiday Inn.
On the river, there is a three star pub named The Waterman.
Browns Cambridge which sells Japanese food, has a high price range and a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Midsummer House is near All Bar One. They serve Japanese food with a price range less than £20.  They have a low customer rating.
Look near Riverside for Giraffe. It's family friendly pub food that's French.
The one star restaurant at a riverside near Express by Holiday Inn call The Rice Boat sells Indian food at a moderate price that is very kid friendly.
near Avalon in the riverside area there is a coffee shop with a average customer review called Blue Spice which is less than £20  price range but is not family-friendly
The Cambridge Blue is a low price range pub serving French food. It is located near Café Brazil.
There is a medium price range coffee shop The Golden Palace located close to the centre of the city. It has a superb view across the river.
The Rice Boat is a moderately priced Italian restaurant located near Express by Holiday Inn. The Rice Boat is situated near the riverside and is not kid friendly while simultaneously rated by customers as 1 out of 5.
The Rice Boat is a cheap, family-friendly restaurant, that serves French food. It is located in the city centre near the Express by Holiday Inn and has received a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Cotto coffee shop in the city centre,near The Portland Arms serves Indian food  , it is expensive but has high customer ratings
Located near Café Sicilia on the riverside, The Dumpling Tree is a family-friendly coffee shop with cheap prices.
Cotto is family friendly and it is rated as average by customers. Food is English and it is near the Ranch.
Zizzi is a cheap family-friendly coffee shop located in the city centre, but its rating is low.
For an average priced meal try The Golden Palace restaurant.
Blue Spice has a price range of £20-25.  It is located in Riverside.
Strada is a Fast food restaurant located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café with prices more than £30.  It is not a children friendly establishment.
For £20-25, The Dumpling Tree is a child-friendly coffee shop. It is located near Café Sicilia at the riverside.
The Punter has English food at a high price range.
Zizzi is a moderately priced, kid friendly, coffee shop located in the Riverside area. Customers rate it 3 out of 5.
near The Sorrento in the city centre is inexpensive French food at The Mill coffee shop
Aromi is a coffee shop that serves Indian food located in riverside, is no family friendly site but the customer Rating is 5 out of 5.
Cotto serves French food near Ranch, which is kids friendly with the customer rating 1 out of 5.
Head to the city centre for an average pub experience at The Twenty Two, located near Café Sicilia.
The Rice Boat is a non-family-friendly fast food joint located in the city centre near Express by Holiday Inn. It has a low customer rating and a price range of less than 20 GBP.
Strada, an expensive restaurant that serves excellent sushi, is located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.  It is suitable for families with children.
The expensive coffee shop The Golden Palace is located north of the city center and has a 3 star rating.
The Green Man for family friendly good value meals. Located near All Bar One and the city centre
The Phoenix is a Chinese restaurant with low customer ratings and is located in city centre. It cost less than 20 euro's.
French venue called The Phoenix on the river side is a 5 out of 5 star £30 price range venue.
A family-Friendly and cheap Italian restaurant called The Wrestlers also has an average customer rating.
The Wrestlers is a fun and competitive Food Establishment in the mid-range for Italian fare.  It is kid-friendly and located near Raja Indian Cuisine near City Centre.
Green Man serves English food for a moderate price. Its a kid-friendly establishment in the city centre near All Bar One.
Located next to All Bar One, Midsummer House, low-cost 3 star food
higher priced riverside setting The Eagle as a poor customer rating
The Vaults is cheap English food that is family friendly.
The Phoenix providing Fast food. It is located in riverside area. Have 3 out of 5 costumer rating and medium low price.
The Waterman served English style food near the Crown Plaza Hotel and is for children as well.
Cocum is a French coffee shop with a high rating, is not kid friendly, and has a price range of 20 to 25.
Cocum is a Japanese coffee shop with high customer ratings. The price range is £20-25 but they are not child friendly.
The Dumpling Tree is a pub serving fast food, near The Portland Arms. They are not family-friendly.
The Rice Boat provides Indian food in the cheap price range. It is located in the riverside. It is near Express by Holiday Inn. Its customer rating is average.
The Phoenix is a city centre English restaurant that has generated a 5 out of 5 customer standard
Located in the riverside area, the Clowns is a pub with a customer rating of average and a price range less than £20.
The Rice Boat is an average Indian in the city centre. It isn't child friendly.
The Cricketers is a kids Friendly coffee shop that serves Indian food, with high customer Rating, near The Portland Arms.
In the city centre there is a Japanese food venue called Alimentum which is family-friendly and has a price range of less than £20.
There is a child friendly French restaurant called Loch Fyne
For average prices range you can visit family friendly place called The Wrestlers. It is low rated.
The Phoenix is a Japanese restaurant located on the riverside.  It falls in the less than  £20 price range and has a low customer rating.
The Rice Boat is located in the riverside area. It serves fast food, and is child friendly with a high customer rating.
The Cotto coffee shop is a cheap place in the centre of the city near The Portland Arms.
The Midsummer House is a Chinese food place in the moderate price range with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 near All Bar One.
The Twenty Two is a restaurant in Riverside. It is kid friendly and serves fast food.
Japanese food is provided at the kid-friendly Strada, located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.  It has a moderate price range and it receives a 1 out of 5 rating by customers.
Near The Portland Arms, there is a coffee shop named Cotto that serves Fast food for £20-25, it is high rated
Blue Spice is a Kid friendly coffee ship near Avalon. It is located  riverside with a medium price range and child friendly.
Blue Spice is a coffee shop that offers children area.  It is located in the city centre, near to Avalon.  It has low customer rating and a price range more than £30.
Fitzbillies is located near Express by Holiday Inn with a customer rating of 3 out of 5. it is high-priced and children friendly
Zizzi is a high price range coffee shop in the city centre with a low customer rating. It is not child friendly.
The Golden Curry serves Italian food with a average customer rating it is family friendly located near Café Rouge, and
The Waterman is an moderately priced Italian restaurant located at the centre of the city. The establishment is not kid friendly, and customers have rated it 1 out of 5.
A kid friendly place called The Golden Curry is located near The Six Bells.
The Mill is a pub themed place with great food.
The Dumpling Tree is a pub serving Japanese food near The Portland Arms. No, it is not family-friendly
Children are welcome to eat in The Twenty Two Italian restaurant.
Midsummer House is an Italian restaurant near Café Rouge that has low customer ratings
There is a good quality family restaurant The Waterman. It offers quality food for cheap.
Located in the riverside area, Blue Spice is a Japanese restaurant with a £20-25 price range.
In the city centre is a high price range coffee shop with a low customer rating called Zizzi. It is also not child friendly.
The Phoenix is located near City centre. It serves a variety of sushi options.
Strada is a pub near Yippee Noodle Bar that is rated three out of five stars.
An adult place to buy Chinese food is The Rice Boat. It is for those with quite a high budget as it has a price range of more than £30. The Rice Boat is located in the city centre, near Express by Holiday Inn. It is not children friendly yet has a high customer rating.
There is a kids-friendly coffee shop named Cocum that provides Italian food in the moderate price range. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Rice Boat is an Italian restaurant located near Express by Holiday Inn at riverside. It is moderately priced, not kids friendly  and has average customer rating.
Aromi is an average, family-friendly Fast food and coffee shop located in the city centre
Located near Clare Hall in the city center, is a high-priced French restaurant, Bibimbap House.
Near to The Sorrento in the city centre is The Mill, a high end coffee shop serving Japanese food.
Located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café Strada has a moderate price range is not kid friendly, with a 1 out of 5 customer rating they serve Italian food
The Twenty Two place serves fast food and is not family-friendly.
Blue Spice in the riverside area has a customer rating of 1 out 5. Yes, they are kids friendly and have a moderate price range.
Clowns, a pub, in the city centre with a high customer rating.  Price range is 20-25.
There is a pub called Green Man in the riverside near Café Rouge which offers Japanese food.
For £20-25 you can get a highly rated Chinese meal from Strada, located near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café, not kid friendly.
The Plough is a pub that provides Chinese food in the more than £30 price range. It is near Café Rouge.
The Vaults is a family friendly restaurant serving beluga at low prices, located in the city centre.
The Waterman is a kid friendly restaurant located in riverside that serves Japanese food from twenty to twenty-five euros, and has a customer rating from three to five.
The Blue Spice offers quality Italian cuisine for over 30 lbs near  Riverside
The Cambridge Blue is an English restaurant and gets a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Cambridge Blue is a high priced pub that serves Indian food near Café Brazil.
There is a restaurant located near All Bar One called Midsummer House.  It is in the high price range with a 3 star rating.
Alimentum is a moderate-priced in Fast food and has 3 out of 5 customer rating. It is located in the riverside area near of Yippee Noodle Bar.
Clowns coffee shop is a restaurant offering food and drink. it is located near Clare Hall.
Cotto is high priced and located in riverside close to All Bar One.
A children friendly  restaurant called The Golden Curry is located in the riverside area near Café Rouge. It has Italian style food and high customer ratings.
The Punter is a Japanese restaurant with a price range more than £30.
The Golden Curry is a Japanese restaurant located in city centre near Café Rouge. Rated 1 out of 5 stars. Family Unfriendly.
The Twenty Two is a child friendly placed located in the city centre near The Rice Boat, but it is not children friendly.
The Wrestlers coffee shop is kid-friendly, with prices in the lower 20s. The serve French food on the riverside. It's located near Raja Indian Cuisine.
There is a coffee shop that serves Japanese food in the riverside area near The Portland Arms with a price range of less than £20. It is called Cotto. Unfortunately for them, they have low customer rating.
The riverside French restaurant, The Rice Boat, although kid friendly has a 1 out of 5 customer rating.
Curried delights The Golden Curry not family friendly located by The Bakers.
Near Café Sicilia in riverside. The Twenty Two pub is rated high.
Blue Spice coffee shop is a family friendly coffee shop located along the riverside near Avalon with a great price range of less than £20.00 although their customer ratings are low.
The Eagle is located in riverside, near Burger King.  it is a coffee shop which sells Japanese food for less than £20.  it is rated average by customers but isn't family-friendly
It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. Taste of Cambridge is a cheap restaurant.
Cocum is a mid range pub for meals.  Customers have given it 3 out of 5 rating and it is not child friendly.
Fitzbillies is a high-priced Italian coffee shop in riverside. It has an average customer rating.
Loch Fyne is a kid friendly restaurant offering Japanese food ranging in price from £20-25.
The Wrestlers offers average, expensive Indian food in an adult friendly environment.
The Green Man restaurant is located on the bank of the river.
The Twenty Two is a non-child-friendly restaurant in the high price range that has a customer rating of three out of five. It is located in the city centre near The Rice Boat.
The Rice Boat is a city centre dive that serves Chinese food. It might be okay for lunch, but it's not a place for a family outing.
The Punter is an expensive Indian coffee shop near Café Sicilia that is not children friendly. Their customers have rated 1 out of 5.
Taste of Cambridge is a coffee shop located near Crowne Plaza Hotel where you can eat French food and your children will be welcome.
By the riverside is Clowns, a Café that serves French cuisine. It has a consumer rating of 5 out of 5, and is nearby Clare Hall.
If you are looking for a well-reviewed burger restaurant to the north of Cambridge City centre, then try The Golden Curry, close to Café Rouge. Children are welcome, and it has received several very good reviews.
In the city centre there's a fast food coffee shop called The Golden Palace.  It's got 3 out of 5 ratings by customers and is moderately priced.
The Olive Grove pub, we have the best French for less than £20 and we give you at the riverside
The Golden Curry serving Italian food can be found near The Bakers; is kid friendly and a moderate price range.
In the city center there is a French pub called 'The Waterman', it is not highly rated by previous customers.
The Blue Spice is a non-family-friendly restaurant with a low customer rating and has a price range of less than £20.
If you're looking for a pub that is kid friendly, with a high customer rating, come check us out here at Aromi.
In the centre of the city, near All Bar One, you can find a family friendly, low cost venue serving Indian food. The name of this venue is The Green Man.
Aromi is a kid friendly pub that has a high customer rating. it is located along the riverside.
Alimentum, Indian restaurant, rated 3 out of 5 by customers, known for its moderate prices and located in Riverside, near Yippee Noodle Bar.
Fitzbillies is a family-friendly coffee shop in city centre serving Italian food. Prices range under £20 and has low customer ratings.
Aromi is a Japanese coffee shop in the city centre. It has a low rating and is not family-friendly.
There is a moderate priced coffee shop that has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 that is not child friendly in the city centre called Zizzi.
The family friendly sushi food place 'Cotto' is found near Ranch and is highly rated by its customers.
Aromi Is a restaurant in the area of Riverside that has Italian food.
The Golden Curry is not family-friendly, but is a Fast food restaurant with a low customer rating.
The Vaults does not welcome children. It offers fast food in moderate prices.
The Rice Boat has prices less than £20 and is close by the Rainbow Vegetarian Café. Customer rating is low.
The Golden Palace is a Japanese coffee shop with a 5 out of 5 customer rating and is cheap to eat. It is situated by the riverside.
Blue Spice is a high priced, low rated, coffee shop in the riverside area near Avalon. It is family friendly
For a cheap pub near Café Adriatic, go to The Vaults.  They have an average rating.
Giraffe is Fast food family and friendly restaurant located in city centre.
In the riverside area, near Café Rouge is an Italian food place named The Golden Curry, which is kid friendly and has a high customer rating.
The Vaults is a high priced, children friendly place that serves English food.
Near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café is a cheap  family-friendly Chinese restaurant called the Strada which has an average customer rating.
Fitzbillies is an average priced Japanese restaurant near The Six Bells.
The Rice Boat serves French food in the riverside area near Express by Holiday Inn. It is mid priced and child friendly but has a low customer rating.
A reasonably priced pub, The Punter serves British food and can be found in the city center.
The Zizzi is a highly rated pub where you can eat Fast food. It is kids friendly.
The Golden Curry serves Chinese cuisine. It is near The Bakers, and is kid friendly. The price range is average.
A kids friendly pub includes The Dumpling Tree. It is located near The Portland Arms and serves Japanese food.
The Rice Boat is an excellent restaurant, family friendly and expensive. It's located in a convenient location, just outside the city centre and next to Express by Holiday Inn hotel.
Fitzbillies is a kid friendly establishment near Express by Holiday Inn with a price range of 20-25 euros and a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Strada is an English pub near Yippee Noodle Bar with a high customer rating.
The Golden Curry is a 5 star restaurant that is children friendly that offers sushi located within the area.
Blue Spice: Italian food served by the riverside with an inexpensive price range.
For nicer fast food with a higher price tag eat at Bibimbap House in the Riverside area close to Clare Hall.
The Olive Grove is a kid-friendly pub located in the city centre area. It serves Indian food for a moderate price.
The restaurant named Travellers Rest Beefeater is a child friendly spot with a high price range.
Bibimbap House is near The Rice Boat in the City center. It has English food.
1 out of 5 customer rating restaurant with a moderate price range  is Taste of Cambridge
High rated Italian restaurants near Café Rouge include the Midsummer House.
There is a restaurant located in city centre serving English food called The Rice Boat.  Due to being unfriendly to families, their customer service rating is low.
The Twenty Two is an Italian restaurant in the riverside area that is not family-friendly.
The Vaults is a coffee shop in riverside near Café Brazil. It has a 5 out of 5 rating and prices begin at £30.
In river side, The Olive Grove is an Indian pub which is family friendly in a price range of £20.
The Dumpling Tree is a high end fine dining restaurant.
A family-friendly coffee shop serving Italian food is called Cocum. They have a moderate price range with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop who is child friendly that sells Japanese food within a high price range near Raja Indian Cuisine at Riverside.
Aromi is a pub located by the riverside.  It is rated 1 out of 5 by customers and kid friendly.
Green Man is a kid friendly establishment that serves English food at a moderate price.  It is located in the centre of the city near All Bar One.
Located in the city centre is a coffee shop for adults called Fitzbillies. This coffee shop serves fast food priced under £20, and receives a low customer rating.
Blue Spice, a kid friendly, moderate price range, riverside area restaurant has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a family friendly restaurant near Express by Holiday Inn. It offers fare less than £20 and has low customer ratings.
The Twenty Two is a pub placed near to Café Sicilia. It is located in the city centre. There is a low rating about customer rating.
The Golden Curry is near Café Rouge in the riverside area. It is Italian, not family-friendly and has an average rating.
The Rice Boat serves Chinese food near Express by Holiday Inn in the city centre. Although they are not family friendly, The Rice Boat has an average customer rating and the food is cheap.
Alimentum is a non-family friendly restaurant serving mid-priced wine and hors d'oeuvres along the riverside.
The Midsummer House is an expensive, 1 star restaurant located near All Bar One.
You can find French food for less than 20 GBP at The Wrestlers. A family friendly coffee shop located near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Golden Curry is a kid-friendly restaurant serving Italian food.  It is highly rated near the Café Rouge in Riverside.
I love the Strada restaurant near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café. Their food is so good.
On the riverside is the The Eagle, in the moderate price range, with 1 out of 5 customer rating.
Blue Spice is a children friendly coffee shop near Avalon in Riverside that has price range more than £30 with high customer rating.
Loch Fyne is a French restaurant by the riverside, located near The Rice Boat, most customers don't care to eat there.
Aromi is a coffee shop and it offers Indian food. The customer rating is average and it is located in the city centre and it is not family friendly.
The Phoenix is a Japanese restaurant located by the riverside for less than £20
There is a fast-food pub named Zizzi, it is family friendly, and has low customer review ratings.
The Indian pub The Waterman in located in the city centre and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Mill is a French pub in the riverside area in the high price range.
There is a coffee shop, The Mill, near The Sorrento  in the city centre. Fast food is available there in a price range less than £20.
The Olive Grove is a pub providing Italian food in the moderate price range. It is located in the riverside area and is kid friendly.
The coffee shop, Aromi, offers Indian food. It is kid-friendly, located in city centre and has an excellent customer rating.
For that extra special English pub meal visit The Cambridge Blue situated next to Café Brazil.
Green Man is a Chinese restaurant in the riverside are located near All Bar One.  It is cheap and family friendly.
Located near the river, a short distance from St. John's College, is The Golden Palace.  This upscale setting offers food and beverages sure to please the most discriminating palates.
The French food place, 'The Rice Boat', is a bit pricey at over 30 pounds a meal but boasts perfect customer ratings. It is located near the Express by Holiday Inn along side the river. It is not a child-friendly place.
Browns Cambridge is a cheap restaurant with 1 star.
Near Clare Hall in the centre of the city is Clowns French coffee Shop, it is not highly rated.
A restaurant serving Japanese cuisine called The Cambridge Blue has a customer Rating of 5 out of 5.
There is a children friendly coffee shop called The Eagle located near the Burger King in the Riverside area, it receives high customer ratings and is moderately priced at around £30.
family-friendly, 5 out of 5 French food coffee shop. Browns Cambridge is located near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre.
The Olive Grove is a child friendly pub,  It is high priced and located in the riverside area.
The Vaults is an expensive coffee shop located near Café Brazil. It is located in the city center and has low customer ratings.
There is a highly priced Indian restaurant near The Bakers that is known for being child-friendly. It is known as The Golden Curry.
Indian-serving coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel, Browns Cambridge, in the city centre has an average customer rating and is not family friendly.
Cotto is a high priced riverside restaurant near All Bar One.
In the city centre a family-friendly Japanese food restaurant called The Twenty Two.
Leave the kids at home and come enjoy some moderately priced Chinese food at The Rice Boat. Don't let the low star rating fool you, we are located riverside right by the Express by Holiday Inn.
At the riverside is The Phoenix: a place that offers Japanese food for £20-25 with a rating of 3 out of 5
There is a Japanese coffee shop near Café Sicilia called The Punter. It has a price range of less than 20 pounds and an average customer rating. It is not family-friendly.
Near Rainbow Vegetarian Café you can find a high priced, average rated Indian food restaurant named Strada. Children are not permitted.
The Waterman is an English restaurant in the city centre. It is rated 1 out of 5, is not children friendly, and has a high price range.
Riverside has this Indian food place called The Waterman, all I've heard is that the reviews are average, prices are high and they aren't kid friendly.
Wildwood is a poorly recommended pub serving French food sited in the city centre.
in the City Centre near Clare Hall is Clowns a coffee shop selling Fast food with a low customer rating.
There is a place called The Rice Boat, with a price range of more than £30. French food is served there. It is located near Express by Holiday Inn, on the riverside. It is children-friendly and has a rating of 5 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a city centre kids friendly coffee shop. It serves Indian food in a price range of £20-50.
Wildwood is a pub providing Japanese food, with an average price range of £20 - £25.  It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge is a moderately-priced restaurant with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Mill coffee shop provides sushi for a high price. It is located near The Sorrento.
The Wrestlers providing Japanese Food. 3 out of 5 customer rating, children friendly and high price range.
The Wrestlers serves Japanese food. It is in the price range £20-£25 with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.  It is  not kids friendly
Blue Spice is English food in riverside priced moderate.
For highly rated Italian meals starting at £30,  The Wrestlers is the place to eat. Children welcome.
Near the riverside Blue Spice serves French food for a price rang of £20-25.
Green Man serves high price range Indian food in the city centre near All Bar One and is not children friendly
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop in the city centre that has French food, is not children friendly, and i would give it 3 out of 5.
The Mill is a moderately priced fast food coffee shop located near The Sorrento in City Centre.
The Waterman is a pub located in riverside. This establishment features Indian cuisine and earned an AVERAGE customer rating.
Browns Cambridge is in the less than £20 price range and has a low customer rating.
Cocum is pub grub  with good rating  in the low price range.  adults only
The Vaults is a very cheap, family friendly, Italian restaurant.
Browns Cambridge, located near the city centre, is a moderately priced restaurant.
Find The Eagle is  a Japanese food  a highly rated kids friendly average priced coffee shop near Burger King  in the riverside area.
For a child friendly pub in the centre of the city, The Olive Grove can provide Chinese food at a high price.
Loch Fyne is a restaurant that serves Chinese food. It is high priced and doesn't allow children.
Strada, located near to Rainbow Vegetarian Café, provides moderately priced English food. It is not kid friendly and has received a 3 out of 5 customer rating.
For a high cost family friendly restaurant, The Vaults offers fast food in a child friendly environment.
The Golden Curry is a family friendly Fast food joint with cheap prices and is located near The Bakers.
The Rice Boat is a Chinese based food place located in riverside. It is average and family friendly.
Alimentum is a high-priced, Japanese restaurant near Yippee Noodle Bar. It has a 3 out of 5 customer rating, and is in the riverside area.
The Waterman is a cheap, family-friendly restaurant with a low average customer rating, located in the city center.
The Punter is a delicious restaurant that is conveniently located near other shops.
The Rice Boat is a restaurant providing  English foods in price range of £20-25. I is a good restaurant with high customer rating and located in the city centre near the Express by Holiday Inn. It is not kids friendly.
Strada is a Japanese pub located near Yippee Noodle Bar with a 3 out of 5 customer rating.
Offering a price range of more than £30 and located in the Riverside area,  The Vaults, with a  low customer rating, is a coffee shop type of eatery near Café Brazil.
Zizzi is the place to go for English food in a family friendly pub with an average rating.
Located in the city centre, with an average customer rating, the Zizzi coffee shop has a price range less than 20 and is not family-friendly.
There is a five star restaurant located near All Bar One called Midsummer House.
With an average price range, Bibimbap House is near Clare Hall by a riverside in the City Centre.
Kid friendly with a price range of £20-25 The Vaults serves Indian food.
Fitzbillies near The Six Bells now serves English food and has a cheap price range.
The Plough is a restaurant that is a little expensive. Find it near The Bakers. It's not children friendly.
The Mill is a coffee shop with a price range of less than £20. They serve fast food. Also they are located near The Sorrento on the riverside.
Alimentum is a Chinese food restaurant located in the centre of the city that is not family friendly. It costs less than  £20.
The Eagle serves Chinese food and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Located on the riverfront, north of the City centre, one-star 'The Rice Boat' restaurant serves traditional British cuisine. The restaurant is not suitable for families.
The Punters has really good prices and its Italian.
For a family friendly Chinese meal with a perfect customer rating, try Cotto, near Ranch.
Strada is an Italian restaurant located near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café. It costs more than £30, is not children friendly but has a high customer rating.
The Plough is a moderately priced Japanese Pub, not recommended for children.  It can be found in the city centre, close to Café Rouge.
Cotto is a cheap coffee shop located by the The Portland Arms. It is rated one star.
Wildwood is a restaurant that sells English food.
In the city centre is The Phoenix, they serve English food for more than £30. It has high customer ratings.
The Phoenix is a Chinese restaurant in the city centre. It has a high price range and a low customer rating.
Midsummer House comes as highly rated Italian dining experience and is located near Café Rouge.
The Vaults is a  pub has a price range of under £20 and is near to the Café Adriatic. It has a low customer rating.
The Golden Curry is a family friendly restaurant by the riverside and Café Rouge. It serves Italian food and received a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
There is a Fast Food restaurant called Browns Cambridge. It is rated 5 out of 5 with an average spend exceeding £30.
The French food restaurant The Twenty Two has a kids friendly atmosphere.
The Golden Palace is a cheap coffee shop in City centre. They have a three star rating.
The Golden Curry with an average customer rating is an Italian restaurant.
There is a high priced pub near Café Brazil called The Cambridge Blue which serves Italian food.
The Rice Boat in riverside, offers fast food in a family-friendly setting and has average customer ratings.
Blue Spice serves French food and is located in city centre.
A high restaurant of French food located in the centre of the city, serves dishes from £20 for all for all, including kids-friendly, called The Waterman
Wildwood is an Indian coffee shop  which has a cheap price range. The customer rating is average, and it is located near Ranch.
Serving Japanese food from a riverside location is the family friendly pub, Giraffe.
The Golden Curry  offers the greatest Indian food by the riverside area. It is family friendly and near Café Rouge. The Golden Curry has an average customer rating.
Clowns has a moderate price range and a customer rating of 1 out of 5.  It is a pub located by riverside.
The Strada is a family-friendly restaurant with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and has a high price range; it is located north of the Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
Bibimbap House in the city centre near Clare Hall is a fast food restaurant whose prices are moderate.
Wildwood is a 1 star pub which offers fast food at a high price range.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is a cheap restaurant in the riverside area, near Café Adriatic.  It has a 5 out of 5 customer rating
The Waterman is a riverside venue offering low priced Italian food. Customers reviews place it in the average rating, however it is not child friendly.
The Waterman offers French food and there is no family area. It is located near to Crowne Plaza Hotel.
The Waterman is a children friendly Italian food restaurant in the center of city with high pricing and low customer rating 1 out of 5.
Cocum is an inexpensive, family-friendly coffee shop that serves burgers and fries.
The three star The Golden Curry can be found near Café Rouge near the river. It serves Indian food and is family friendly.
Blue Spice is a restaurant that provides French food in the moderate price range located in the city centre.
on the riverside is the Blue Spice which is not children friendly. it has a low customer rating and a price range of more than £30.
Loch Fyne near The Rice Boat in the Riverside area serves English food and has an average customer rating.
Here is a French restaurant called The Wrestlers, kids friendly yes. customer rating and price range 1 out of 5 and moderate.
Child friendly The Waterman is above average in price.
There is a pub type Chinese place called Wildwood, the price range is high eve though ratings  are 1 out of 5.
The Rice Boat is a family friendly restaurant that serves English food and the price range is less than 20 pounds.  It is located in the riverside area near Express by Holiday Inn.  The customer rating for this establishment is low.
Wildwood a great French pub low cost meals with great reviews.
Parents will love the pub style atmosphere and kids will the love the Italian cuisine at the Giraffe, located riverside.
Giraffe, located near The Bakers, is a moderately priced, 3 star coffee shop that is kid friendly.
The Rice Boat is a cheap restaurant near the Express by Holiday Inn.  It is located in the city centre.  It is not family restaurant with low rating.
The Punter offers French food priced at over £30
If you are looking for a family friendly pub, The Olive Grove is perfect for you. It is a cheap establishment that is located North of the City Centre, close to the river.
In the city centre is an Italian food premises called The Waterman with a price range of £20-25 and a high customer rating, it is not family-friendly.
The Alimentum, in riverside,  is moderately priced and not kid friendly.  It specializes in English food.
The Cambridge Blue is a pub providing pricey in-house dining located near Café Brazil.
Italian family friendly dining is available at The Twenty Two.
Fitzbillies isn't rated very high. Located in Express by Holiday Inn,  the food is priced more than £30, and it's not a very child friendly venue either.
Strada is a family friendly low rated French restaurant that will cost less than £20 near Rainbow Vegetarian Café
In city centre near Yippee Noodle Bar is a Japanese food restaurant called Alimentum. It has high customer ratings and a price range of £20-25.
Near Café Sicilia is a coffee shop named The Dumpling Tree. It is not family-friendly, has a price range less than 20 and it is in the riverside area.
The Green Man restaurants located near All Bar One is a higher priced establishment that offers spirits. This restaurant is family friendly and situated near the River.
Loch Fyne provides Indian food It is located in the riverside. It is near The Rice Boat. Its customer rating is average.
There is a moderately priced restaurant with a 1 out of 5 customer rating named Travellers Rest Beefeater. Its located in the city centre near Café Adriatic,
There is a place near The Bakers that is not children friendly and sells high price fast food. It is called The Golden Curry.
Near the Crowne Plaza Hotel on the riverside is a family friendly French coffee shop called Taste of Cambridge.
The Punter is an expensive venue offering Indian food.
Green Man offers average-priced Italian food to its customers. It is located along the riverside near All Bar One and is kid-friendly.
Clowns is a pub that is near the riverside, they are a low price range at less than £20, but the customer rating is low for the pub
A pub called The Golden Palace near Rainbow Vegetarian Café, at a riverside area. Costing more than £30
The Japanese coffee shop Cotto, situated in the riverside area of the city, near The Portland Arms, is in the higher price range but has a customer rating of five out of five.
Strada is a beautiful restaurant a little high prices and great service
The Golden Curry is an Italian restaurant located near The Bakers.  It is child friendly and in the high price range.
The Café Brazil is cheap and is close to the English pub that is called the Cambridge Blue
Midsummer House is located near Café Rouge, the food offered is Italian however is only rated at 1 out of 5.
Another moderately priced option for Chinese food is The Vaults. The Vaults is also kid friendly.
In the city centre is The Olive Grove pub which is not family-friendly. it serves English food at a price range of less than £20.
The Vaults is an English restaurant with a high price range. It is not child friendly.
Cocum is a 1 out of 5 rated by the customers children friendly restaurant.
Enjoy a child-free dining experience at The Golden Curry.  The Chinese food served has received average ratings. Is it located in riverside by Café Rouge.
The Phoenix is a Japanese food place located in the city centre with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Green Man is a pub that offers fast food.  It's in the Riverside area, near Café Rouge.
The Wrestlers serves English food. It is family friendly, low rated place within average prices range.
The Twenty Two is a non-family friendly fast food establishment
Cotto is a fast food restaurant near the Ranch. It has a high customer rating and is children friendly.
Cotto is by the riverside near All Bar One and is priced under  £20.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop with a low customer rating. They serve Indian food in riverside near the Crowne Plaza Hotel and are not family friendly.
The Rice Boat is outside of the City centre. It is a three star French restaurant which welcomes families.
There's a child friendly pub that's pretty cheap named Zizzi. The also have fast food.
It's not a customer favorite but The Punter is a cheap family-friendly coffee shop near Café Sicilia.
A customer rating of 1 out of 5 is given to Alimentum selling Chinese food.  The price of the food is high and is located within the city centre near Yippee Noodle Bar.
if you have a budget of more than £30 and don't have children then go to The Waterman a nice Italian high rated restaurant on the riverside that isn't children friendly
with a price range of more than 30 pounds there's an Indian restaurant called The Phoenix in city centre with a high customer rating.
The Cocum, a family friendly pub, is cheap and has an average customer rating.
Cocum is a French food medium rated coffee shop with okay prices. Bring your kids and they will also enjoy.
Near the Burger King in the city center there is a coffee shop called The Eagle that serves Indian food for a high price range. It is not children friendly and has an average customer rating.
The Golden Curry is a one star restaurant near Café Rouge that sells curry and does not allow children.
Cotto serves Chinese food in the average price range.  It is locate near Ranch.
The Cricketers near the Ranch are a family-friendly pub with an average customer rating.
The Rice Boat is located near the Express by Holiday Inn. It is an average riverside English restaurant with a family friendly environment.
The Phoenix provides Chinese food It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is high.
The venue with 5 out of 5 customer rating, Cotto, near the Ranch, sells English food and is family friendly.
Alimentum is a low rating Japanese in the riverside area costing more than £30 and near the Yippee Noodle Bar.
Blue Spice Prices range from beautiful £20-25
The Twenty Two is an average family friendly restaurant located near The Rice Boat on the riverside, and costs less than 20.
Alimentum offers great home cooked British meals at affordable prices.   Conveniently situated on the city ring road close to Yippee Noodle Bar.
The Mill is a French coffee shop located near The Sorrento by the riverside with a high price range.
adult only moderate priced low customer rating Japanese food at The Wrestlers
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop that is located by Crowne Plaza Hotel on the riverside. It is not family friendly and is rated one out of five for its Italian themed meals.
Alimentum is a high-priced, fast food place for families near the river.
The Golden Curry is located near Café Rouge and it has a one star rating.
Midsummer House is a cheap, quality restaurant that sits just down the road from All Bar One
coffee shop The Punter offers a fast food meal. It has a high price. Near Café Sicilia. It is family-friendly and has an average opinions
Located near the riverside is coffee shop that serves fast food named The Golden Palace. With an average customer rating and a cheap price range.
Green Man  is located in riverside which is near All Bar One is not children friendly and offers Fast food in high price range
The Waterman serves Indian food in the high price range. The customer rating is 1 out of 5. It is located in the riverside area and is not kid friendly.
The Twenty Two riverside restaurant gate English good food.
The Cambridge Blue is a restaurant that provides Chinese food Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
The Waterman is a restaurant in the riverside area.  It serves Japanese food, has excellent ratings, and is child friendly.  It does however, have a higher price point.
The Waterman has a high price range, but children are welcome.
Cotto is a coffee shop and fast food restaurant near The Portland Arms.
Green Man is an expensive French food restaurant where children are not allowed. It is in the riverside area near the All Bar One.
Bibimbap House provides Chinese food in the cheap price range. It is located in the riverside. It is near Clare Hall.
Alimentum is a French restaurant in riverside.  They serve meals for less than 20 pounds, and families are welcome.
Fast Food was eaten at the city centre inside Bibimbap House , near Clare Hall which the bill was very high.
The Waterman is a restaurant providing a low price range and 5 out of 5 rating. It is located by the riverside.
Wildwood is a cheap and a low rated fast food.
The Cocum is a non-family-friendly restaurant with a low rating.
The Dumpling Tree, located near The Portland Arms is not family friendly. This is a Chinese pub.
Loch Fyne is a moderately priced Japanese restaurant but is not child friendly
Cotto is highly rated, on the riverside and near All Bar One
The Olive Grove is a high-priced, child friendly pub at riverside that serves Indian food.
A great place to take the entire family to eat is The Plough. It is located near to Express by Holiday Inn.
Strada is a restaurant rated highly by its customers
Wildwood is a low-priced coffee shop offering drinks and food. It can be found in close proximity of the Ranch.
The Punter is a Japanese, non family-friendly coffee shop near Café Sicilia with an average customer rating and a price range less than 20.
The Rice Boat is a high-priced, family-friendly French restaurant in the city centre near the Express by Holiday Inn. Customers rate this establishment at 3 out of 5.
Travellers Rest Beefeater has a high price point and three star rating. It is located by the river near Café Adriatic.
One child friendly pub in the Riverside area is The Olive Grove, but it does have a high price range.
The Eagle is a family-friendly high priced coffee shop in the city centre near Burger King offering French food
The Punter is a non-children friendly Japanese coffee shop near Café Sicilia.  It has a low customer rating and price range more than L30.
The Wrestlers coffee shop, located in city centre, is children friendly with a price range of more than £30. It is near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The family friendly establishment, The Punter, ranges for £20 and under. It can be found near The Portland Arms in Riverside.
Rated 5 out of 5, Cotto offers French food in a child-friendly atmosphere. It is located near the Ranch.
There is a no family-friendly pub The Plough located near Café Rouge that provides French food in the cheap price range.
The Eagle is a fast food restaurant which offers a high customer satisfaction rating.
Strada is located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café that has a low customer rating with a price range less than £20. It serves English food and is family friendly
A kids friendly pub named Zizzi serves Chinese food with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Midsummer House is located a short distance from All Bar One and serves pastas and wines. The are low in cost.
The Mill is an Indian Pub that cost less than £20 in the city centre.
The Waterman is a Fast food restaurant located in the riverside in the price range of less than £20 but it is not family-friendly and has low rating.
The Golden Curry is an inexpensive place to buy burgers and fries. Suitable for families with young children and close to The Bakers.
Green Man is a pub providing Japanese food. It is located in the riverside near Café Rouge.
Best Sushi there near All Bar One and at a low price, is at Midsummer House.
Located in the city centre, fast food coffee shop The Golden Palace has a moderate price range and a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Giraffe coffee shop is children Friendly and has a average customer Rating located near The Bakers.
The Waterman is kids friendly Japanese food restaurant in riverside area. It has high customer rating and the price range is £20-25.
The Twenty Two is a child friendly place in riverside near The Rice Boat. It is an expensive place that has received a rating of 3 out of 5.
The Rice Boat is a restaurant with a price range beginning at more than £30 located by Express by Holiday Inn. The area of location is considered riverside but is not considered child friendly. The customer rating is high and Indian food is served.
Strada is a  kids friendly restaurant located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café. For moderate prices, you can eat Indian food at this 3 out of 5 rated establishment.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee Shop providing French. It is located in riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Cocum is a non family-friendly coffee shop that has Japanese food.  Prices are under £20 with a low customer rating.
The Eagle coffee shop is high-priced with great ratings. It is located near Burger King,
In riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel You can visit coffee shop called Taste of Cambridge where Italian food is served. It is not a family-friendly place.
Alimentum is an inexpensive restaurant that provides picnic food items and wine and spirits that is not good for families.
Located in the city centre is a Japanese restaurant called The Twenty Two. It is not suitable for families.
There is a restaurant that serves inexpensive Indian food called The Vaults. It is not family friendly.
The Japanese coffee shop 'Aromi' is set by the river. It has average ratings and is child friendly.
Family friendly, but high priced The Vaults has a wide variety of menu items to review.
The Eagle is a coffee shop that is  not child friendly, low rated and priced high. It is located in the city center near Burger King and it serves Italian.
The Green Man is in riverside, near to All Bar One. It serves Japanese food, in a child friendly environment with a £20-£25 price range.
Near The Rice Boat is a 3 star place called The Twenty Two is a high-priced business that is family friendly.
For Fast food under  £20, Browns Cambridge is rated average by customers.
To get some English food with a family-friendly atmosphere without breaking the bank, head to Alimentum by the city centre.
The Mill is a high-priced pub serving fast food located in the city centre.
in the city centre near the Express by Holiday Inn there is a place that is not family-friendly that serves Japanese food in the less than £20 range called The Rice Boat with average customer ratings
Giraffe It is not for the whole family
The Punter is Fast food with coffee shop located on side Café Sicilia with cheap price no average
In the riverside area is a coffee shop called Zizzi. It is low priced, family family friendly, and has a high rating of 5 out of 5 stars.
The Rice Boat restaurant offers Asian cuisine in the mid-price range. It is conveniently located near to Express by Holiday Inn.
Green Man children friendly  high prices range located in riverside area near All Bar One
There is a coffee shop called Wildwood that serves Indian food, has a high customer rating, and is near Ranch.
The Golden Curry serves Chinese food in the Riverside area. It is near Café Rouge and has a low customer rating.
Loch Fyne is a kid friendly, Fast food restaurant in a high price range.
In riverside, near the Express by Holiday Inn is a cheap Japanese restaurant called The Rice Boat that has a rating of 5 out of 5 but is not family-friendly.
The Punter is a cheap Japanese coffee shop  located near Café Sicilia. It is family-friendly and has good customer rating.
By the riverside, The Eagle is situated. It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and a high price range.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop serving Italian food with a price range of less than £20. The Golden Palace gets a low customer rating and is located riverside.
Cocum is a high-priced coffee shop that is family friendly and provides pasta.
For children friendly Fast food, go to The Twenty Two in riverside.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop that serves Fast food in the city centre.  It has a high price range and an average rating.
Aromi is a coffee shop providing Indian food It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is average.
The Fitzbillies is a non-children friendly Japanese coffee shop in the city centre with a price range of more than £30 and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Cocum is a coffee shop providing Indian food in the cheap price range. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a Japanese coffee shop by the riverside with a 3 out of 5 rating and prices ranging from £20 to £25.
The coffee shop, Fitzbillies that serves Italian food, is not family-friendly has a low customer rating within the price rant of less than £20.
The Eagle is a kid friendly coffee shop located near Burger King in the city centre. They serve Japanese food with a price range of 20-25 and are rated 3 out of 5.
With a customer rating of a 3 out of 5 and moderate prices for Italian food The Waterman  yes it is a kid friendly environment located in riverside
A coffee shop with a high customer rating is Cocum which serves Fast food. It is child friendly and has a price range of more than £30.
Strada is a cheap Italian restaurant.  It has an average rating and is located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café
The Chinese restaurant called The Rice Boat located near the Express by Holiday Inn, in city center,offers a price range of 20 to 25 pounds. It has a  high customer rating but, is not kid friendly.
The Olive Grove pub is kid friendly, with cheap Italian food. It is in the area of riverside.
The Cambridge Blue is a restaurant with and average rating serving French food.
Bibimbap House near Clare Hall in the city center offers English style food at a moderate price
Near Café Rouge there is a cheap family friendly pub that has English food named The Plough.
There is a restaurant Aromi located in the riverside area.
In the city centre, The Phoenix serves moderately priced Chinese food with average customer ratings
The Punter is an upscale fast food coffee shop that is family friendly. It is located next to Café Sicilia.
Located in the city centre, The Wrestlers is a French restaurant. It has a medium price range, is family friendly, and has received average reviews.
There is a family friendly restaurant located near Café Rouge in the city centre called The Golden Curry which serves low quality food.
A moderately rated non kid friendly French Food restaurant is The Wrestlers
In the city, there is a pub named Aromi with a 5 star rating.
In the city centre, near to The Rice Boat is located  The Twenty Two. It  has a customer rating 5 out of 5 and a price range more than £30. There is no children area.
Strada, near Rainbow Vegetarian Café has French food for more than  £30, is children friendly, but has a low customer rating.
The Golden Curry has Japanese food and has a high rating. It is near Café Rouge.
Despite the name, Travellers Rest Beefeater is a fairly priced restaurant that allows those of all ages and averages at £30 per visit.
The Zizzi is a family friendly pub located in City Centre.  1 our of 5 customer rating.
The pub located near Café Rouge known as The Plough is kids friendly, they serve French food with a price range of £20-£25.
Loch Fyne is an inexpensive choice to feed your family.
The Mill is a pub that has Japanese food. It is in riverside and has a price range more than £30.
for a kids Friendly restaurant at the riverside, The Twenty Two serves French cuisine
The Dumpling Tree is a  coffee shop that offers a family friendly environment for less than 20 in the Riverside area near Café Sicilia.
The Vaults is a high priced, family friendly, fast food restaurant.
There is a coffee shop near to the Café Sicilia, it is called The Punter. It is a kids friendly place with a customer rating of 3 out of 5, and offers French food in the average price range.
In the city centre is located a pub named The Olive Grove that offers family area and it has a price range less than £20.
A French restaurant with very low customer ratings is The Eagle.
Cotto is a price more than £30 near All Bar One. Riverside area location.
Cotto provides Chinese food. It is near Ranch. Its customer rating is low.
The Alimentum is mid price range and family friendly and can be found to the north of the city center.
if you go to riverside eat food in Clowns it is a nice place but price is high
Near the Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre, Browns Cambridge is an average, adult only  fast food and coffee shop
Yes there is a children friendly place called The Vaults, it serves English food and has a price range of £30.
Browns Cambridge located near The Sorrento riverside area is a non-family-friendly restaurant with English food.
The Dumpling Tree is an English restaurant that has a high price range.
A restaurant names The Golden Curry, located near The Bakers, offers fairly priced food with great quality. The Golden Curry serves a variety of native food, and the restaurant is kids friendly.
The Wrestlers coffee shop offers a low-price range of delicacies such as wine and spirits, fondue, cheeseboards, French and Italian dishes. It is not family-friendly. It is situated by the river, and near to the Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Vaults is a restaurant offering Japanese cuisine.
The Punter is a restaurant serving Japanese food in a medium price range
Along riverside is a pub called The Olive Grove, it is not kid-friendly with a price range of more than £30.
Blue Spice, located in Riverside, is a kid friendly, moderately priced place, with customer ratings 3 out of 5.
There is a child-friendly venue  Green Man by the riverside which offers Italian food for £30 or more. It is located near All Bar One.
The highly rated The Eagle English coffee shop is located in riverside near Burger King and has a price range of more than £30.
Aromi is a family friendly pub near the riverside with an average rating.
The Twenty Two is children-friendly French located in riverside
The Wrestlers is a cheap priced restaurant offering Chinese food with an average customer rating and a family friendly atmosphere.
For a family-friendly and inexpensive meal, try Green Man in the riverside area.
The Dumpling Tree is a moderately priced sushi restaurant
Loch Fyne in riverside near The Rice Boat is Italian and is rated 1 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is an Indian restaurant  with a perfect customer rating. It offers cheap food but, is not family friendly.
The Golden Curry is a Japanese style family friendly restaurant near Riverside and Café Rouge with a 3 out of 5 customer rating.
The Waterman is a kid-friendly restaurant that offers French food, and is located near the Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Clowns is located in the riverside area. It is a pub that costs 20-25 and has a high customer rating.
Indian food can be found at the pub Strada, close to the Yippee Noodle Bar. Strada is rated 1 out of 5 by a recent customer.
Near the city centre it's found a low-cost coffee shop, is called Fitzbillies
Cocum has a high customer rating, and is also a kid friendly restaurant.
The Strada serves English food and has a moderate price range. It's located near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café and is not kid friendly. Its customer rating is 1 our of 5.
The Cricketers is a coffee shop that also serves fast food. It has low ratings and is not family-friendly. It is near The Portland Arms.
If you are in the riverside area then I recommend The Olive Grove which is a French pub that is family friendly and only cost £20
There is a pub called The Olive Grove in the riverside area.  They serve cheap Italian food and are very family friendly.
Highly rated Japanese food is available at Alimentum in the riverside area. It is located near to Yippee Noodle Bar.
The Italian restaurant The Golden Curry by Café Rouge got a 1 out of 5 rating. It's kid friendly and it's in the riverside area.
Loch Fyne is a reasonably priced restaurant that offers fast food and is a great place to eat with children,
On the riverside if The Olive Grove. It is a pub that has English food at a high price and is kid friendly.
Loch Fyne is a dine in restaurant for adults only.  This restaurant serves at a low price range.
The Rice Boat is located in City centre near Express by Holiday Inn. The are cheap sushi restaurant with high ratings and a family friendly atmosphere.
The Waterman is rated average English pub grub located in the city center.
For a family-friendly coffee shop in Riverside, check out Zizzi. The prices are less than £20, and the customer rating is low.
The Rice Boat serves the best Italian food in Riverside. To show for that they have very high customer ratings and they are also child friendly.
There is a highly rated restaurant in the city centre, The Waterman, that serves Indian food with menu prices over £30.  They are not child friendly.
High Price Range Zizzi restaurant is at the riverside.
Family friendly Fitzbillies 5 star budget venue located near the Express by Holiday Inn.
Zizzi is a coffee shop located by the riverside which has a high price range with an average customer rating. they are children friendly
Browns Cambridge in the riverside area near The Sorrento has English food and a family friendly atmosphere.
There is a cheap restaurant called Taste of Cambridge with an average rating by its customers.
Fitzbillies is a 1 out of 5 stars coffee shop that also serves fast food. It is not children Friendly and is a price Range of high. It is located in the city centre. so you can get a quick meal.
There is a moderately priced coffee shop serving French food called The Wrestlers. It is in the city centre close to Raja Indian Cuisine, it is kids friendly.
Browns Cambridge serves Fast food in a coffee shop rated 5 out of 5 stars. family-friendly and in the city centre area near Crowne Plaza Hotel
The Aromi is a pub style, child friendly restaurant in the Riverside district.  The customer rating for this eating establishment is average.
Located near to The Bakers is Giraffe, a moderately priced family friendly coffee shop with a high customer rating.
Strada is a medium priced venue, please keep children at home as it is not family friendly.
The Waterman is child friendly serving English food, located near 'Crowne Plaza Hotel'.
Wildwood is a coffee shop offering Indian food at a moderate price range. It's customer rating is 1 out of 5 and it is located near Ranch.
Wildwood is a coffee shop serving Italian food near Ranch, it's expensive but has a bad rating.
The Rice Boat is a Japanese family friendly restaurant near Express by Holiday Inn located on the riverside has low priced food as well as poor customer rating.
The Dumpling Tree Chinese restaurant provides cheap food.
In riverside The Phoenix has Italian food and is rated 1 out of 5.
The Waterman is located in the city centre and offers French food for under £20.
The riverside Japanese pub, The Mill has a price range of £20-25.
The Plough is a pub with family friendly atmosphere. It serves Japanese food in price range less than £20. The Plough is located near Café Rouge.
Fast food can be found at Midsummer House. It has an average customer rating and is near Café Rouge.
For cheap Chinese food in riverside there's The Rice Boat near Express by Holiday Inn. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Phoenix has French food. It is located in riverside with 5 out of 5 customer rating for cheap food.
The Waterman is Fast Food in the Riverside area that is kids-friendly, in the moderate price range and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Clowns is a restaurant located near Café Sicilia. It is average priced and is child friendly.
Blue Spice in riverside has a moderate price range.
Zizzi is a family friendly, three star pub serving fast food.
The Rice Boat is a children friendly restaurant located in the riverside near Express by Holiday Inn that provides Indian food which has a high customer rating and the price range is more than £30.
The Plough is a pub which is low-priced restaurant that is not family friendly and serves wines and cheeses. It is located near the Café Rouge.
Zizzi is a cheap family friendly coffee shop on the riverside
The Twenty Two offers Fast food for kids Friendly.
There is moderately priced Greek restaurant named Browns Cambridge. It has been rated 5 star.
A Japanese restaurant named Fitzbillies is located near The Six Bells with a price range of  less the £20.
With low customer reviews, The Eagle is a restaurant serving Italian foods.
Bibimbap House is a fast food restaurant, located near Clare Hall by the riverside, that provide food at a medium price range.
The Olive Grove is a pub serving Indian food and is located in riverside. It is not a kid friendly establishment.
If you want an adventuress dining experience stop by the family friendly The Twenty Two located near The Rice Boat in the Riverside area. You cant always believe some low ratings and the price is right at under 20 Quid.
A coffee shop called Cotto is near The Portland Arms and the city centre and a range of £20-25 and high rating.
Blue Spice is a coffee shop located at riverside near Avalon in the moderate price range. It is kids friendly and has a customer rating 3 out of 5.
The Green Man is a family friendly French food place with a cheap price range. It is in the riverside area near All Bar One.
The Punter is a coffee shop providing Indian food in the moderate price range. It is near Café Sicilia. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
The Golden Curry serves Chinese food and touts a 1 out of 5 rating.  This restaurant is Kid friendly.
The Golden Curry highly recommended by its customers serves Indian food and children are permitted.
Japanese food can be found in the Cocum coffee shop. It is generally less than twenty pounds to eat there, customers have rated Cocum as average.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop, located in the area of Riverside.
Blue Spice offers French cuisine and cheap prices and is located in the riverside area.
The Golden Curry serves Indian food that starts at £30. Located in The Bakers, children welcome.
There is a Japanese pub called Strada that is near the Yippee Noodle Bar
The Waterman that is a Chinese joint has dishes ranging from 20-25 also has a high customer rating. Located in the city centre, the Waterman is kid friendly
There is a cheap coffee shop called The Mill serving Fast food. It is near The Sorrento in the riverside area.
The Dumpling Tree is a family friendly French pub located near The Portland Arms.
There is an inexpensive pub called Wildwood that serves pasta.
The family-friendly Cocum is a coffee shop that serves Japanese food. Customer rating is low, but the price range is less than £20.
Visiting Clare Hall and the riverside. Bibimbap House offers delicious English food in the £20-25 price range
There is a restaurant called Midsummer House that offers cheap food and is located near Café Rouge.
Blue Spice is a child friendly coffee shop in the city centre near Avalon. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 and a price range of more than 30 pounds.
With a customer rating of 3 out of 5, The Phoenix offers food from Japan. It is rather pricey and can be found in the riverside area.
The Mill is a pub that provides Chinese food in the high price range. It is located in the city centre.
The highly rated riverside pub The Waterman serves French food.
The Plough is a restaurant near The Bakers which caters to adult tastes.  Prices range up to £20.
With an average customer rating, fast food is available at The Cambridge Blue restaurant.
The Cambridge Blue restaurant has received moderate reviews and serves French food.
A new Japanese restaurant has emerged in Riverside called Alimentum, offering moderate pricing and customer satisfaction.
Green Man serves Indian food and children are welcome here. They serve mostly Indian food and it's a little pricey. Green Man is close to All Bar One by the riverside.
The Mill coffee shop offers food and is close to the river and The Sorrento.
Strada is a cheap, family friendly restaurant serving French food near Rainbow Vegetarian Café. It has a low customer rating.
A moderate priced, and kids-friendly place near Café Sicilia is Clowns.
Near Express by Holiday Inn, in riverside is located a French food rating in 5of5 restaurant called The Rice Boat
Aromi is a low rated children friendly coffee shop that serves Italian eats.
With its customer rating of 1 out of 5 and high price range, The Alimentum restaurant has Italian food and is located in riverside near Yippee Noodle Bar.
Bibimbap House in the riverside area near Clare Hall serves French food for more than 30 euros.
The Cambridge Blue is a Chinese restaurant. The restaurant has a low customer rating.
The Rice Boat is a Fast food restaurant that is located near the Express by Holiday Inn. It is not kid friendly and has a price range more than £30. However, it has a high customer rating.
If you want a restaurant that is not children friendly and in the price range of £30,  look for a place called The Wrestlers.  Here,  you can eat fast food  from a restaurant that's been given a high customer rating.
You can eat Indian food at Alimentum located in the riverside area near the Yippee Noodle Bar. The price range is more than £30 and it has a high customer rating.
In Riverside , Bibimbap House is located  near Clare Hall provides French Food in a price range less than 20.
The Rice Boat, is a cheap Italian restaurant located in city centre, near Express by Holiday Inn. It has average customer ratings and is not family-friendly.
The Eagle in riverside has a high customer rating and a price range of 20 to 25 pounds.
There is a fast food restaurant called The Wrestlers that is family friendly. It has a low customer rating and the food is priced below 20 euros.
North of the city center is a moderately priced Italian coffee shop with great reviews named The Golden Palace.
The Waterman is a family restaurant is close to the river has 3 start reviews and is moderately priced
The Plough is a Japanese pub near Café Rouge. It's moderately priced and kids friendly.
The Twenty Two near The Rice Boat in riverside has a price range of more than £30. it is children Friendly with a high customer rating .
Fitzbillies is an Indian coffee shop that is in the lower price range with average customer ratings. It is located in Riverside and it is family friendly.
The Waterman is a fast food restaurant with a high price range offering fast food. They have a 1 of 5 customer rating and are not children friendly.
With an average price range of £20-25 and high customer rating, Alimentum offers English cuisine in the riverside area. It is also near Yippee Noodle Bar.
City centre Indian dining is on offer at Alimentum, not far from Yippee Noodle Bar. The food is cheaper than average, and customers rate it average.
There's a Japanese pub called The Cambridge Blue near Café Brazil. The price range is £20-25.
Fitzbillies is a French coffee shop located in the city centre. It is family-friendly and has a average customer rating offering prices less than £20.
For a children friendly, fast food establishment try the highly rated Cotto, close to the Ranch.
Riverside Pub and Fast food 3 out of 5 stars, The Waterman
The Waterman is a family-friendly, average priced, low rated Italian eatery located in the city centre
The Golden Palace is a low-rated Japanese coffee shop near the riverside with prices more than 30 pounds.
The Italian Blue Spice in moderate price range located in riverside
There's a poorly rated adult-only restaurant selling French food near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café. It's called the Strada, and they charge more than £30 for a meal.
Browns Cambridge is an average coffee shop offering Japanese Food.  It is not a family-friendly establishment.  It is located in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Despite the low customer rating, The Golden Palace is a restaurant near the riverside.
Strada, Japanese restaurant ideal for you and your children with prices from £20-25. We have a high attention to our clients, near Rainbow Vegetarian Café
For a nice meal without the noise of children try The Golden Curry, low priced and situated near The Bakers.
Highly rated Italian coffee shop Clowns, can be found on the riverside close to Clare Hall
Zizzi is a kids-friendly pub providing  English food. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
A highly rated restaurant called Taste of Cambridge with a reasonable price tag.
Loch Fyne, a Japanese restaurant in city centre near The Rice Boat has a very good customer rating
Families gather round at The Olive Grove to enjoy a delicious affordable meal.
If you're near Café Rouge, check out the Italian pub The Plough. The price range is about average for this area and feel free to bring your kids.
The Golden Curry offers fast food in a child friendly setting. Customers rated it 5 out of 5.
The Dumpling Tree is a coffee shop near Café Sicilia at riverside. Its price range is less than £20 and it is not family-friendly.
Fast food is served at The Waterman which is family friendly and is near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
One location that is children friendly and has a moderate price range, is The Waterman.
Near Yippee Noodle Bar is a Japanese pub named Strada but it has a low customer rating.
In the riverside area, near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café is a cheap pub called The Golden Palace.
There is an English pub near the Yippee Noodle Bar with a low customer rating  called Strada.
Near Café Brazil, is a pub called The Cambridge Blue. The pub serves Italian food for less than £20
Cocum is a children friendly, high priced, average rated pub.
The Plough is an expensive restaurant, which is child Friendly, near to The Bakers.
Blue Spice is kid friendly and has a moderate price range.  It is located in the riverside area and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
In the town centre there is the Alimentum French restaurant, prices starting at £30.
There is a Chinese food place called The Waterman that offers cheap food and is family friendly. They are in the city centre and rated averagely.
Average rated, cheap, family friendly place near Express by Holiday Inn is called Fitzbillies.
Located next to Café Rouge is The Golden Curry, which offers low-rated Italian.
The Green Man restaurant has Chinese and is kids friendly. It is in the city centre near All Bar One with a moderate price range.
Near the The Portland Arms , there's a restaurant called The Dumpling Tree.
With a customer rating of 3 out of 5, The Wrestlers is a non kid friendly, moderately priced fast food restaurant.
Cocum is a low-priced coffee shop that serves Indian food and has 5 out of 5 customer rating. It is not family friendly.
Although they welcome every member of the family, Zizzi offers sub par classic burgers and fries.
The Waterman is a low priced family restaurant that offers breakfast.
The Waterman is a cheap city centre Japanese restaurant which has generated a 5 out of 5 from its customers, please avoid if you want to take children as this is not family-friendly
Fast food just got classier riverside at Blue Spice less than 20 euros.
Aromi is a coffee shop in the riverside area. It serves French food, is family friendly and has a customer rating of low.
The averagely priced, average coffee shop, The Vaults is situated near Café Brazil in the riverside area.
Loch Fyne is a child friendly restaurant serving English food.
With a high price range, Blue Spice serves Italian food in the riverside area.
The Vaults is a French food restaurant in the higher price range. It is child friendly.
Zizzi is a pub that serves Chinese food with a high customer rating and is children friendly.
There is a one star fast food restaurant called Fitzbillies next to The Six Bells.
Located in the city centre near the Express by Holiday Inn The Rice Boat Chinese restaurant is well loved by customers serving high priced meals in a family friendly environment
The Wildwood pub provides Japanese food for the price of around £30. It is rated 5 out of 5 in customer ratings.
Wildwood is a French coffee shop near the Ranch . It has a low customer rating and has a price range of more than £30.
The Golden Palace French coffee shop near the city centre which have a customer rating of 5 out 5 has a price range of more than £30
Aromi offers pub for children Friendly located in riverside.
Alimentum sells low-priced fast food. It is rated one star, and located near to Yippee Noodle Bar in the riverside area.
Welcome to the The Waterman. We are not children friendly. Our food is English, and we are located on the riverside. Our price  range is moderate.
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop that also sells Japanese food.  It can be found near the Crown Plaza Hotel on the riverside but unfortunately has a low customer rating.
There is an average rated restaurant The Golden Curry located in riverside near Café Rouge. It has family friendly Japanese food.
The Wrestlers is an expensive Indian coffee shop  located riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine.  It is not family-friendly.
Blue Spice is an Italian restaurant in the city centre with a price range of less than £20.
5 out of 5 rated location Travellers Rest Beefeater near Café Adriatic in the riverside area and a cheap price range
The Phoenix has great reviews. Near the river.
Kid friendly and a moderate price range, The Waterman.
Midsummer House serves French food near Café Rouge and has ok ratings.
Adults rate The Aromi pub highly.  It is located in City Centre and doesn't allow kids.
Riverside pub called Giraffe serves Fast food to adults only.
The Punter is a restaurant that serves inexpensive Italian food.
Cotto is a coffee shop located near the Portland Arms in city centre.  The Price range is more than 30 pounds, has a low rating, and serves French food.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wildwood is near Ranch.  It is a coffee shop that has French food.  its price range is between 20 and 25 and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Near Rainbow Vegetarian Café, Strada offers low prices for families. Low ratings.
North of city centre and near Burger King, is a 1 star, medium priced restaurant called The Eagle.
The Rice Boat is a family friendly restaurant in riverside serving Italian food. However the customer rating is low.
Fitzbillies is a riverside coffee shop that serves French food. It is not family-friendly and is in the over £30 price range.
Aromi, a 3 out of 5 pub, is a children-friendly pub located in riverside.
Alimentum is a cheap burger restaurant that is family-friendly and just North of City-centre.
The Rice Boat is a sushi restaurant located near the Express by Holiday Inn. The food is in the medium price range and it is not a family-friendly restaurant.
The Rice Boat serves fast food in Riverside. It is kids friendly with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Blue Spice is a coffee shop near Avalon in the city center. It does not have an environment suited to children but has reasonable prices and average customer reviews.
There is a children-friendly coffee shop named Zizzi that has 3 out of 5 customer rating in the riverside area and the price is high
The Waterman, a Japanese restaurant that has a normal price range, high customer rating, and non-kid friendly environment is located in the riverside area.
The Golden Curry is Fast food with a high customer rating. It is kid friendly.
The Golden Curry is a non family-friendly place with Italian food, it's near Café Rouge in the city center. There customer rating is 5 out of 5.
The Phoenix is a restaurant located in the riverside area of Cambridge. The restaurant serves French cuisine, but unfortunately has been very badly regarded by customers.
The Dumpling Tree is an expensive Italian restaurant.
Dine on Japanese food near the riverside by Clare Hall at the Bibimbap House. This is a higher price ranged restaurant providing unsurpassed quality food.
The Phoenix is a Chinese food. It is very cheap and consumer rating is average. It is in the center. of the city.
Loch Fyne is a one-star take away food  restaurant north of the City centre, near The Rice Boat.
A high priced, kid friendly restaurant is called Travellers Rest Beefeater.
Fitzbillies serves Japanese food for less than £20 near The Six Bells.
Although low in customer rating, this kid friendly coffee shop located in the riverside area has moderate prices. Welcome to Zizzi.
The Vaults, a high priced Indian restaurant is not child friendly.
'The Dumpling Tree is an expensive fast food restaurant.
The Dumpling Tree is a child friendly coffee shop by the riverside, near Café Sicilia.
Near The Portland Arms is located Cotto, a low-cost Fast food 5of5 starts
The Phoenix, located near the Riverside, is a high quality wine, cheese and olive restaurant.
With an average customer rating The Waterman Italian pub is located near the riverside.
Located along the river near The Portland Arms, Cotto is an inexpensive, three-star coffee shop that serves sushi.
The Golden Curry is located near The Six Bells and boasts a family-friendly atmosphere.
The Phoenix is a Japanese restaurant in Riverside. Its prices range from £20-25, and it receives high ratings from customers.
The Mill is a fast food pub with a high price range in the city centre
The Wildwood is an expensive but very good coffee shop near Ranch which also sells food.
There is a family friendly restaurant called The Rice Boat located near Express by Holiday Inn. It is low-priced and has three stars.
The Waterman sells Japanese food in the city centre. Prices are moderate in this family-friendly place, but it  has a 1 out of 5 customer rating.
There is a family-friendly restaurant Green Man in the city centre near All Bar One. They serve Italian food and is on the high price range.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop in the riverside area.  It serves Indian food within a high price range but it is not children friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
A coffee shop  The Vaults  has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 and is near Café Brazil in city centre. It is cheap.
There is a restaurant called Loch Fyne that provides Indian food. It has a low customer rating and is located near The Rice Boat in the Riverside area
An average but expensive Chinese restaurant near All Bar One is Midsummer House.
Located near Clare Hall on the riverbank north of the City centre, Bibimbap House is an Italian restaurant serving moderately-priced fare.
Blue Spice is a coffee shop near Avalon by the riverside in the City centre with a low customer rating and an average price range.
The Golden Curry Italian restaurant which is near The Bakers is a no family-friendly for less than £20 Italian food
Cotto is a Japanese coffee shop near The Portland Arms. The price range is moderate and it has a 1 out of 5 customer rating. It is in the city centre area.
Fitzbillies is located near Express by Holiday Inn. It has an average customer rating, a high price range and is family friendly.
Located in the city center, The Olive Grove pub offers English food at a moderate price range and a kid friendly environment.
The Golden Curry is a family friendly restaurant that features French cuisine and has a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
The Rice Boat located near Express by Holiday Inn in city centre serves Indian food. It has a high price range. average customer rating and no, is not children friendly.
The Golden Curry is a restaurant that sells Italian food but have a low customer rating, they are a family friendly place to eat.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop located near the Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is north of the city center.
Strada is a restaurant with an average customer rating.
For a great dining experience with a 5 out of 5 customer rating, I highly recommend the French restaurant of Browns Cambridge even if its a little pricey with most meals being more than 30 Euros.
The Strada is located near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café. It is an Indian restaurant. Rated one out of five, The Strada's price range is moderate. It is not kid friendly. This restaurant is near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
Alimentum Chinese food serves moderate price range food in the riverside area near Yippee Noodle Bar with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Near Café Adriatic is a pub called The Vaults. The price range is high and the customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Cotto is at the riverside and is near All Bar One. The price range is £20-25.
The Waterman serves French food  in the £20 - £25 price range with a 3 out of 5 customer rating. It is located in the City Centre but is not child friendly
The Golden Curry offers and Italian menu and is child friendly. It also boasts excellent customer reviews.
Midsummer House offers Japanese cuisine. Average price range is above  £25 and it has moderate customer approval. It is near All Bar One.
The Golden Curry near Café Rouge in riverside has great English food. It's kid friendly and I'd rate it 3 out of 5.
The Wrestlers serves cheap British food in the city centre. It is not family friendly and has a low customer rating.
Highly rated expensive  kid friendly Giraffe is a coffee shop near The Bakers
The Olive Grove is a pub found in the city centre that is non child friendly in the more than 30 price range.
Travellers Rest Beefeater located by the riverside near Café Adriatic has a high customer rating and a price range of more than £30.
In the center. of the city, near Café Rouge, there is a restaurant called The Golden Curry, serving Chinese food. It is rated five out of five by customers, but is not family friendly.
The Phoenix are serving Italian food at the Riverside. Customers are rating this a 5 out of 5.
There is a Chinese restaurant called The Golden Curry located in Riverside, near Café Rouge. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 and is family friendly.
The Twenty Two is an Italian with a non family-friendly environment.
The Rice Boat is a Chinese food restaurant which is rated 5 out of 5 that is in the city centre, but is not family friendly.
The highly know coffee shop, Zizzi , usually £30 and more is family friendly, located in riverside.
Customer Ratings are low, but The Waterman is a Japanese pub located on the riverside.
A customer rating of 5 out of 5 has been given to Italian coffee shop Clowns, in the Riverside area near Clare Hall.
This Indian, child friendly, eating venue has a average rating coming from its customers even though the price range is high. This venue is known as The Wrestlers.
A coffee  shop named The Punter with a price range of £20-25 is providing Japanese food. It is near Café Sicilia, it is kids friendly, and it also has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Wildwood is a pub providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
A coffee shop serving fast food in a moderate price range is Cotto, near The Portland Arms in city centre. They also have a low customer review.
Located near Express by Holiday Inn in the city centre, The Rice Boat is a family-friendly restaurant with a low rating and a price range of less than £20.
There is a child friendly coffee shop near The Bakers called Giraffe. It is high priced, and has an average customer rating.
There is a really good Japanese coffee shop near The Portland Arms called The Cricketers.
There is a coffee shop named The Mill which is located in the city center near The Sorrento and provides Indian food and has a moderate price range.
Alimentum is moderately priced.  They are kid friendly and serve Italian food in riverside.
Cocum is a family friendly pub with an average customer rating and is a cheap place to dine.
Located in riverside is The Golden Palace with a 3 out of 5 rating.
Near The Bakers is Giraffe, a child friendly average rated yet expensive coffee shop.
The Eagle is an Italian coffee shop in riverside near the Burger King. The price range is more than £30, and it has a high customer rating- but it is not children friendly.
Midsummer House serves average food near Café Rouge.
Aromi is a coffee shop providing Indian food It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is low.
Wildwood is a three-star pub featuring low prices.
The Rice Boat is a restaurant providing  sushi in the low price range. It is located Express by Holiday Inn
The Phoenix is an English venue in the Riverside area with a low customer rating.
Strada is a pub, which offers Indian food. It has  a customer rating of 1 out of 5, and is located near Yippee Noodle Bar.
Situated in riverside, The Punter is near The Portland Arms, and is in the average price range.
The Wrestlers which has a high customer rating offers English food in the price range of more than  £30 and is not children friendly.
Midsummer House provides Chinese food in the cheap price range. It is near All Bar One. Its customer rating is average.
adult only Japanese food at Fitzbillies coffee shop in the city centre has low customer rating and is expensive
The Punter, a French coffee shop located near Café Sicilia, is non child friendly, has a low customer rating and a high price range.
There is a place named Green Man which serves Indian food less than  £20. It's a family friendly place at the riverside near All Bar One.
For a high-end coffee shop with high ratings in riverside, you should check out The Vaults near Café Brazil.
Loch Fyne is providing Indian food in the  price range. It is located in the riverside. It is near The Rice Boat. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a non family-friendly coffee shop that serves Italian food for less than £20. It is located near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre area.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop serving Fast food located in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is cheap and  family Friendly.
There's a kid friendly restaurant called, The Twenty Two, located near The Rice Boat, in the city centre area,  offering menu items in the moderate price range.  However, they've earned only a 1 out of 5 customer rating.
Located near The Rice Boat in the city centre is an average rated Japanese restaurant called Loch Fyne.
Wildwood is a Chinese pub in the moderate price range with 1 out of 5 stars.
The Waterman is a pub located in the city centre with mid-range prices.
restaurant of Strada is 5 out of 5
The Twenty Two is fast food and family friendly.
Next to the All Bar One is the Midsummer House providing sushi, it is high-priced and has 3 stars.
Loch Fyne, providing 1 star food close to The Rice Boat and the city centre.
Theres a fast food place near the river called The Rice Boat.
The Golden Palace in the city centre. Is a coffee shop that has 3 out of 5 stars. They serve Japanese food.
The Rice Boat is a 3-star family restaurant with expensive fast food. It is located near the Express by Holiday Inn by the river.
The Phoenix is a mid-priced restaurant that serves British food north of the City Centre.
The Italian restaurant, Alimentum, is near the Yippee Noodle Bar in the city centre. It serves high-priced food, but has only received average customer ratings.
If you are looking for cheap Italian pub food, go to Wildwood restaurant, which has an average customer rating.
Fitzbillies is a Japanese coffee shop that is family friendly in riverside with an average customer rating for with its less than 20 dollar rating.
Browns Cambridge is located in the city centre, near Crowne Plaza Hotel.  It is a Japanese coffee shop with a low customer rating. It is not family-friendly.
A mid-priced pub located in the Riverside area named Clowns has a high customer rating.
The Wrestlers  is a high rated, high pricing, family friendly restaurant.
The Golden Palace is an inexpensive coffee shop and fast food restaurant in City Centre, but its ratings are low.
Browns Cambridge has a low customer Rating and is cheap.
Loch Fyne provides high rated Chinese food in the Riverside area near The Rice Boat.
The Waterman is a Chinese restaurant selling mid-priced food in the city centre.
Located near Café Rouge, The Wildwood restaurant has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
There is a French restaurant in the riverside area called Bibimbap House. It is near Clare Hall, and ranges from £20-25.
For French food on the riverside The Golden Curry has a average rating and is family friendly. And is near to the Café Rouge.
There is a cheap Japanese restaurant in the riverside area called Blue Spice.
The Cambridge Blue is a 5 stars restaurant that delivers take-away.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is near Café Adriatic. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and a high price range. It is located in the riverside area.
Clowns is a low-proved pub located in riverside with an average customer rating.
The Rice Boat is a kid friendly riverside restaurant. Customer ratings are 1 out of 5 stars.
Cocum is a one star , family friendly coffee shop with a medium price range.
A kid friendly Strada  has moderate price range and customer rating of 1 of of 5.
Alimentum is a wine bar in the low price range. It is located near Yippee Noodle Bar.
The Golden Curry has Chinese food, family Friendly, with an average customer Rating, in the city centre area near Café Rouge.
Browns Cambridge, a French restaurant near The Sorrento along the riverside, is kid friendly.
The expensive coffee shop, The Vaults, has one star and is located in the riverside area near Café Brazil.
There is an expensive pub located near the river that serves British food.  It is called The Olive Grove.
Wildwood has a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is a coffee shop. There is Japanese food. its located near Ranch and price ranges from 20 to 25 dollars.
With a high price range and a low customer rating, The Golden Palace is an Italian coffee shop near the city centre.
Browns Cambridge is a French restaurant located in riverside near The Sorrento.  It is not a family-friendly establishment.
The Eagle is a high priced coffee shop that serves Indian food in the Riverside area, near Burger King, it is child friendly and has an average customer rating.
In the city centre area, near the Express by Holiday Inn, there is a high-priced, family-friendly Italian restaurant called The Rice Boat.  It receive a customer rating of 1 out of 5 starts.
Want directions to The Phoenix near the riverside; it has a customer rating of five out of five, French food, and cost more than 30 pounds.
For a city centre coffee shop serving Indian food, try Browns Cambridge, near the Crowne Plaza Hotel. It has low customer ratings and is not suitable for families.
Zizzi is a coffee Shop. It is located in city center, have 3 out of 5 costumer rating, and £20-25 price range.
There is a family friendly restaurant The Golden Curry located in City Centre near Café Rouge.
Cotto is a child-friendly Japanese restaurant near Ranch, rated 3 out of 5 by customers.
Located in Riverside by the Express by Holiday Inn is The Rice Boat, an Italian restaurant with an adult atmosphere. Customer rated 1 out of 5.
Even though it is in a little bit higher price range than most fast food joints, it boasts a pub style dining experience while sporting a children friendly environment near Café Rouge is The Plough.
There is a Japanese restaurant near All Bar One called Midsummer House. It serves cheap food but is rated poorly.
The Mill is a pub with prices lower than 20 that serves Japanese food in the city centre.
Giraffe is a family friendly Italian pub situated by the riverside.
The French restaurant, The Eagle, is a high priced coffee shop near Burger King. It is not children friendly, and has a rating of 3 out of 5.
The Waterman is an Indian restaurant that averages between £20-25. It has a high customer rating, is kids friendly, and is located in the city centre.
At riverside there is a coffee shop named Zizzi in the moderate price range which is kids friendly. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Wrestlers offers Japanese-style food in the 20-25 price range.  It has a 3 out of 5 customer rating and is not kid-friendly.
There is a highly rated restaurant costing more than £30 near Rainbow Vegetarian Café called The Rice Boat.
The Vaults Italian fair is 20-25.
The Plough is a pub  with  Japanese food near Café Rouge.
Alimentum is an Italian restaurant in the city center with a high price range and is kid-friendly.
The Phoenix serves average Chinese food in the city centre.
There is a cheap, kid friendly fast food restaurant named Loch Fyne.
There is a children friendly pub named Zizzi that serves English food and has a high customer rating.
The Golden Palace is a high rated restaurant in the city center.
Cocum is a cheap average rated pub that is family friendly.
The Green Man is a pub serving Chinese food in the city centre near Café Rouge.
Located near the river, The Phoenix has a three star rating and provides cheap food.
The Waterman is a cheap, family friendly, Indian restaurant with 5 star rating located in the city centre.
Clowns is a moderately priced pub in the riverside area with a customer rating 3 out of 5
The Waterman is a Chinese restaurant that is not family friendly near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Zizzi the coffee shop is located in city centre. There customer rating is high with average prices. its a kids friendly.
If you are looking for a highly rated French restaurant, try The Rice Boat in the city centre near Express by Holiday Inn. Prices range between £20-25, and it is not kid friendly.
The Mill is a pub that offers Japanese food with a price more than £30. It is located in the city centre.
The Aromi coffee shop serves French food is a non-family-friendly venue near the city center and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
In the riverside area near Café Rouge is The Golden Curry. They have Indian food, is not family friendly, and has an average customer rating.
Browns Cambridge sell Italian Food. It Kids Friendly and the located is in riverside near The Sorrento.
Near Café Rouge, there is a pub called  The Plough, kid-friendly pub serving fast food in the moderate price range.
There is a coffee shop Aromi located in the centre of the city that provided Italian food But It is not family-friendly and having low customer's rating.
Loch Fyne is a restaurant that serves English food that is not family-friendly.
Among the other coffee shops near Café Sicilia, with its Italian food, there is The Punter.  A reasonably priced coffee shop that's highly rated, but not kid friendly.
Check out Alimentum, located in city centre near Yippee Noodle Bar. Get a decent meal for under £20.
The Golden Curry is based in the city centre near Café Rouge, and has a low customer rating.  The venue is family-friendly and serves English food.
Blue Spice is situated in a prime location riverside. It has a family atmosphere and offers great food at low prices
Near the Raja Indian Cuisine in riverside is The Wrestlers; a cheap family friendly, Italian, coffee shop.
Bibimbap House is near Clare Hall along the riverside that serves French food for more than £30
Fitzbillies, located near The Six Bells, offers Japanese food in the higher price range.
Travellers Rest Beefeater has an average rating for a high price range. It is in riverside near Café Adriatic
The Eagle serves French food.
Loch Fyne is an English restaurant that is family friendly and inexpensive.
The restaurant Fitzbillies is an affordable sushi restaurant next to The Six Bells
Near Café Brazil in the riverside area is a coffee shop with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and a price range of £20-25 named The Vaults.
Browns Cambridge offers Indian food in the city centre area near The Sorrento. The venue boasts a family friendly atmosphere.
Taste of Cambridge is a kid friendly coffee shop in the riverside area that offers Japanese food near the Crowne Plaza Hotel
The Golden Curry is a low rated, family friendly French restaurant located in riverside near Café Rouge.
Blue Spice provides Chinese food in the £20-25 price range. It is located in the riverside.
Cotto is a moderately priced place, near All Bar One, in the riverside area.
Located by the riverside, The Eagle is a restaurant that has a high customer rating and an average price of £20-£25.
The Rice Boat is a high-priced 3 star restaurant which offers wines and cheeses. It is family friendly and is located in the City centre near the Express by Holiday Inn.
Fitzbillies is in the low price range and located near The Six Bells.
If you are looking for a kids friendly coffee shop then you should definitely visit The Dumpling Tree located on the riverside near Café Sicilia. Although the price range is moderate it is a great place to visit.
Blue Spice has moderate priced Italian food. It is in the area of riverside.
The Waterman serves Chinese food. it is near the riverside and is not kid friendly. it is rated 3 out of 5 and has a moderate price range.
The Punter offers Japanese food at a moderate price
Giraffe is a kid friendly coffee shop near The Bakers priced at £20-25 with high ratings.
Situated riverside the Giraffe offers tradition English food and is a great place for kids
A city centre pub called The Mill serves French food at higher than average prices
By the riverside near The Rice Boat you will find Loch Fyne. They serve Fast food but only have a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Phoenix sells high-priced Indian food in the city centre.  Its customers rate it 1 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop which features Indian food.  It is not a family friendly restaurant, and it receives average customer ratings.  It is located near the Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area.
Loch Fyne is a child friendly French restaurant.
Italian coffee shop Aromi is riverside, it is family-Friendly and has a high customer rating.
The Vaults will cost more than £30, but with no kids allowed and amazing French food, it's worth it.
Aromi pub has a no children policy based in the city centre also has a low customer review.
Blue Spice is a moderately priced, kids-friendly venue in the riverside area with a 1 out of 5 rating.
The Twenty Two is kid friendly, and has Italian food. It's in the area of riverside.
The Waterman is near Crowne Plaza Hotel that offers French food and is family friendly.
The Chinese rest, Midsummer House has a low rating and is located near Café Rouge.
There is a 5 out of 5 rated coffee shop near Clare Hall in riverside called Clowns. They offer Fast food.
The Phoenix is a low rated Indian restaurant located in the city centre.
The Phoenix is a fast food restaurant located near the river in City centre.
With a customer rating of 1 out of 5, The Waterman, a put serving French food, is located in the riverside area.
The Phoenix sushi bar, average place to at the riverside but the price is too much, more than £30
The Green Man has Italian food in the less than L20 price Range and is near All Bar One in the riverside area.
In Riverside are the Blue Spice restaurant that serves English food that is priced cheaply.
The Eagle has a high customer rating and serves Chinese food.
In riverside, near The Portland Arms, there is a Japanese coffee shop called Cotto. Their customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Zizzi is a children friendly English pub with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Rice Boat is located in the city centre offering Italian food. It has a low customer rating and is not family-friendly.
Blue Spice has a high price range and is located at the riverside.
The Eagle, serving three star French food to families, located next to Burger King.
Moderate price range Fast food is The Wrestlers. customer rating 3 out of 5, kids friendly no.
Wildwood is a more expensive coffee shop.
Alimentum is a cheap French restaurant located in the city centre near Yippee Noodle Bar with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Fitzbillies' is a coffee shop that serves pub food at a high price. It is north of the city centre.
The Olive Grove is a family-friendly fast food place. It is a city center place with a price range of less than 20
In the riverside area, there is a kids friendly Japanese restaurant known as The Twenty Two.
Cotto is a coffee shop that provides Indian food for a moderate price. It has a 1 out of 5 rating, is located on the riverside and is near The Portland Arms.
In the city centre, near The Sorrento, is a coffee shop called The Mill. It serves fast food, and has moderate prices.
The Twenty Two is located in the riverside area near The Rice Boat with the price range of £20-25, a 3 out of 5 customer rating and is kid friendly.
The Eagle coffee shop is a cheap, one star restaurant suitable for the whole family, It is located next to Burger King.
With a mid price range and 3 out 5 customer rating, The Eagle is located near the river.
A Chinese pub named The Olive Grove in river side is family friendly in a price range less than £20.
Near Riverside, The Olive Grove is an English pub that has a slightly high price range but is children friendly.
The Rice Boat is a not family-friendly restaurant, whit low price and Italian food, this restaurant is near Express by Holiday Inn and in the riverside area. but the rating is pretty low.
The Waterman is a pub in the city centre
In the riverside area you'll find a kid friendly fast food restaurant with average food called The Rice Boat.
Fitzbillies is a restaurant near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café in the L20-25 price range.
Near Café Sicilia is the pub The Twenty Two on the riverside, with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Waterman, which is more than £30, is at the riverside and rated high even though it is not child friendly.  It is at the riverside.
Strada is an Indian restaurant that is both inexpensive and highly rated 5 out of 5  that can be found near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café. Perfect for just the two of you.
There is a child friendly high priced venue called The Vaults serving English food
Alimentum serves French food in the city centre. It was has a price range of more than £30, and is child friendly.
There is a pub  with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 costing more than £30 named Wildwood serving Japanese food.
The Rice Boat is situated by the river, and within a short walk of the Express by Holiday Inn. It is in the cheap price range, and sells burgers, fries and soft drinks. It is not a family-friendly establishment.
The Golden Curry is a Chinese restaurant with a high customer rating and a kid-friendly dining area.
The Dumpling Tree coffee shop offers a kids-friendly atmosphere, at a reasonable price range, and is located in the riverside area of the city, near Café Sicilia.
Cotto is a coffee shop near The Portland Arms at the riverside. It has a 3 star rating and is in the low price range.
A great place for a family and children is Giraffe. It is a pub near the riverside that has Indian food.
The Rice Boat is providing Indian food in the moderate price range. It is located in the riverside. It is near Express by Holiday Inn. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
In the riverside area, there is a moderately priced Chinese restaurant named The Waterman. They have a customer rating of three out of five and are kid-friendly.
Clowns near Clare Hall has Italian food and is a coffee shop. It is in riverside and has an average customer rating.
The Twenty Two offers Japanese cuisine in  a family friendly atmosphere.
The Waterman is a pub located in the riverside area. It boasts an Italian venue, but the customer rating is only 1 out of 5.
in the vaults you would find a child friendly atmosphere while serving Italian food for a high price range
For exquisite fast food visit The Golden Curry a child friendly restaurant near The Bakers.
Blue Spice is child-friendly and highly-priced. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and is located by the riverside.
Alimentum serves Indian food at a moderate price. It is situated by the river and is kids-friendly.
Zizzi is a French food child friendly pub with a  high customer rating
The pub and fast food place named Zizzi has a high customer rating.
The Vaults serves fast food and costs more than £30. Not suitable for children.
The Olive Grove restaurant is a public place, offers Indian food, prices are cheap, not located in Riverside, it is not a place for family and friends
Wildwood has a moderate price range and a customer rating of 1 out of 5 stars. This coffee shop is located near Ranch and sells fast food.
Bibimbap House is a high priced fast food restaurant, it is located next to Clare Hall.
The Waterman offers moderately priced Indian food in the Riverside area. It has received a three out of five by customers and and is not considered to be kid-friendly.
The Phoenix in the city centre serves French food with low customer ratings.
A coffee shop that is not child friendly with an average rating is Zizzi. Zizzi sells coffee for less than £20 and is in city centre.
The Eagle coffee shop serves Japanese food in the £20 - £25 price range but is not child friendly and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and is located near Burger King in the city centre
Italian-style cuisine at prices lower than £20 is available at Bibimbap House, in the riverside area. A close-by landmark is Clare Hall.
Close by to the Crowne Plaza Hotel, is The Waterman, serving a variety of fast food. Children are welcome
Aromi pub is not family-friendly and has a low customer rating. it is on the riverside.
In the riverside is the Chinese pub Giraffe. It is not family friendly.
There is a  Fast food restaurant The Waterman  located in the riverside that offers food in less that £20 but it has low rating and it is not a family-friendly restaurant.
Fitzbillies is a moderately priced family friendly Café famed for its Chelsea Buns. It is near the Express by Holiday Inn and Pembroke College.
The Wrestlers serves English food at moderate prices. Not child friendly and has one star.
The Waterman is near Crowne Plaza Hotel has English food and family friendly.
The Golden Curry is not family-friendly, but is a Fast food restaurant with a low customer rating.
The Rice Boat is a high priced Indian food restaurant around the city centre near the Express by Holiday Inn that is not child friendly and has a 1 out of 5 customer rating.
The Twenty Two, family friendly Japanese dining, find us by the riverside.
Strada is a restaurant that has a low rating.
The Punter is a cheap family friendly coffee shop located in City Centre near Café Sicilia.  5 out of 5 customer rating
The Rice Boat located near Express by Holiday Inn is a sushi restaurant. It is medium priced, family friendly and rated 1 star.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly pub that serves food and drinks in the lower price range.
Loch Fyne is a 5-star sushi restaurant located north of the city center, nearby The Rice Boat, with a view of the river.
If you're looking for family-friendly fast food, try The Waterman near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Alimentum is a restaurant that serves Chinese food located in the riverside area. The price range is high and its for adults only.
The Golden Curry is a restaurant that serves Chinese food, moderate price range, not kid friendly, near The Bakers
The Phoenix at riverside is rated 5 out of 5 and serves Fast food at cheap prices
The Golden Curry is near The Bakers and is a Japanese place that is not child friendly. It is ranged more than £30.
The Waterman is a  restaurant for adults that provides French food with prices ranging from 20-25 pounds. It is located in riverside.
Customer rated 3 out of 5, Strada restaurant.
The Rice Boat is a child friendly fast food restaurant with a high customer rating and is near Express by Holiday Inn in the City Centre. It has a price range of £30 or more.
Strada is a pub providing Chinese food It is near Yippee Noodle Bar. Its customer rating is high.
The Punter is a family friendly Japanese restaurant. Cheap, with coffee and near Café Sicilia.
With a costumer rating of average, the pub, Zizzi server French food, but is not a family-friendly pub.
The Golden Curry provides cheap fast food. It is located near The Bakers and is family friendly.
While the Golden Curry currently has low customer ratings it is a family friendly restaurant.  The Japanese restaurant, The Golden Curry, can be found near Café Rouge in the riverside area.
Strada, which is near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café serves moderately priced Chinese food. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and isn't kid friendly.
English food is available in a kid friendly restaurant called Loch Fyne. The food is moderately priced.
The Waterman, serving English food, is located in the city centre area and is family-friendly. It is in the cheap price range and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The price range is high, the customer ratings are 1 out of 5 stars, which is low; nevertheless, the Wildwood pub is a fast food chain enjoyable to everyone.
If you're looking for a quick bite of French food you should head to the city centre.  There's a restaurant there called The Phoenix.  It has moderate prices  with only a one out of five customer rating.
There is a high priced coffee shop, called The Eagle, near Burger King by the riverside that provides Japanese food.  It rates 3 out of 5 and is not children friendly.
The Punter is a moderately priced Italian.
The Rice Boat restaurant offering Italian food is located in the city centre near the Express by Holiday Inn. It offers cheap food and is family-friendly. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Alimentum is a mid-priced, five star restaurant located in City centre near Yippee Noodle Bar.
The Punter is a moderate price coffee shop that serving Italian food but it's not kids-friendly it's located near Café Sicilia with a customer rating of 1 out of 5
Green Man, located near All Bar One in riverside, is kid friendly and serves French food for L20-25
The lowly rated, The Rice Boat, is located in the riverside area. It is not family friendly and serves Chinese food.
The coffee shop, The Punter, is not family-friendly. It has an average customer rating, cheap price and serves Fast food. It is located near Café Sicilia.
There is a place called The Waterman that is not cheap and not family friendly.
There is an Indian food restaurant called The Waterman in the riverside area. It is highly priced and has a 1 out of  customer rating. Children are not welcome.
The Waterman is a moderately priced restaurant that serves fast food. It is in riverside, it is not kids friendly and they have low customer ratings.
Browns Cambridge is an expensive Italian restaurant.
The Wrestlers which serves Italian is not children friendly and has a high price range and an average customer rating.
The English restaurant, The Eagle, has a low customer rating.
A kid friendly Italian restaurant in riverside is The Twenty Two.
Situated on the riverside is The Phoenix. The Indian food on offer here has been given a rating of 3 out of 5.
Children friendly restaurant,  Travellers Rest Beefeater, prices range from more than £30.
Near the Café Sicilia is a low cost restaurant that is greatly rated coffee shop called The Punter
Close to The Sorrento by the riverside is an expensive coffee shop called The Mill that provides Italian.
The Cricketers near The Portland Arms is a kid friendly coffee shop with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Punter is a 1 out of 5 rated coffee shop that serves kids friendly fast food at moderate prices, near Café Sicilia.
The Eagle near Burger King located in Riverside is a coffee Shop that is child friendly, has a 5 out of 5 customer rating, serves Japanese food that costs more than £30.
Loch Fyne Chinese restaurant is a great family friendly place to dine.
The Punter is a kid friendly Italian coffee shop near Café Sicilia, they have a high customer rating with £20-25 price range.
Just down the road from The Portland Arms lies the Cotto, a lovely coffee shop famed for its coffee.
Located by the riverside is the children friendly Green Man. It costs more than 30.
With a customer rating of 5 out of 5, Aromi is a family-friendly French coffee shop in city centre.
In the less than £20 price range, Clowns is a family-friendly restaurant located near Café Sicilia.
Cocum is a highly priced coffee  shop serving Japanese food. It is family friendly and has an average rating of 3 out of 5.
In the riverside area there is a pub called The Clowns serving food in the higher price range. This pub has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Clowns is a Japanese coffee Shop located near Clare Hall in riverside, they have a low customer rating.
A moderately-priced restaurant, named Zizzi, is located by the riverside.
Aromi is a pub by the river. So far it has earned a one-star rating. Not suitable for families with small children.
Come to our children friendly pub called Cocum. It has a average customer rating and the prices are high.
A high priced pub, The Mill serving Chinese food.
The Cricketers is a family-friendly Indian coffee shop with a low customer rating. It is located near The Portland Arms.
The Eagle is a coffee shop offering Indian food at a high price.  It is in the city centre near Burger King.  It has an average customer rating and is children friendly.
Family friendly near Burger King The Eagle for low prices and bad food and service
Located in the city centre, The Golden Palace coffee shop offers low priced Italian food. The shop currently has a low customer rating.
Located in the Riverside area, The Rice Boat is an adult French restaurant with a high customer rating.
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing Indian food in the less than £20 price range. It is located in the riverside. It is near Burger King. Its customer rating is low.
At the riverside area, there is a high-priced pub called The Golden Palace, located a few steps of the Rainbow Vegetarian Café .
Located near to the Rainbow Vegetarian Café, Strada serves mid-priced food and drink. It is family friendly, and is rated at three stars.
There is a Japanese food restaurant called The Waterman in riverside area. It is kids friendly, has a high customer rating and the price range is £20-25.
Fitzbillies is a Fast food restaurant and coffee shop located in the city centre with low prices and an average rating.
Zizzi is a family friendly pub serving English food.  They have a poor customer rating.
The Green Man is a city centre pub serving French food.  It is located near Café Rouge.
The Rice Boat is a low-rated, family-friendly located north of the city centre.
Wildwood is a coffee shop that sells fast food. Wildwood is located near Ranch and offers a moderate price range and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 stars.
Wildwood is a highly rated French coffee shop near Ranch with average pricing
The Loch Fyne restaurant serves Japanese food and is family friendly.
Located near Clare Hall in the riverside area, Clowns French food coffee shop currently has an average rating 3 out of 5 by its customers.
The Waterman is a pasta restaurant for families located by a river. It is a cheap, three-star venue.
The Rice Boat is highly rated and can be found near to Rainbow Vegetarian Café. Its price range is slightly above average.
The Olive Grove is a pub providing Japanese food less than £20. It is located in the city centre.
Wildwood Pub is a restaurant that serves classic Canadian food for fair prices.
The Eagle is a coffee shop, located at City Centre near Burger King, featuring higher price range menu and features French Cuisine.  It is family-friendly.
Blue Spice, is a high priced coffee shop in Riverside, near Avalon and it is child friendly but has low ratings.
The Wrestlers is  family friendly and serves French food. it has a low price range and has an average customer rating.
near The Six Bells, Fitzbillies sells cheap French food.
Cotto is a less than average price coffee shop serving Indian food. It  is located in Riverside near The Portland Arms.
Near to the Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area is Browns Cambridge, a coffee shop offering Indian food. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and is children friendly.
Wildwood is a coffee shop located inside of Ranch with a three star rating and modest prices.
Bibimbap House, near Clare Hall in the riverside area serves high priced fast food.
A friendly pub in a riverside location. Aromi has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
A kid friendly restaurant, Cocum has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Located near Café Sicilia in riverside, The Dumpling Tree is coffee shop with food that welcomes children.  Price range is £20-25.
There is a pub where kids are very welcome that sell fast food, it is called The Dumpling Tree and is situated close to The Portland Arms
The Olive Grove pub has a full menu for all your dining and drinking needs.
The Rice Boat is an English restaurant with a family friendly environment and an average customer rating in the Riverside area.
Green Man is a cheap, family friendly place located at the riverside.
Alimentum, family friendly British food at affordable prices. Close to the riverside.
In the riverside area near the Express by Holiday Inn there is a French food restaurant called The Rice Boat. It is child friendly and highly rated among customers. The cost would be around £20-25.
The Eagle is a kid friendly coffee shop, that is high priced with an average customer rating. It is located in the riverside area near Burger King.
Moderately priced The Dumpling Tree coffee shop welcomes adult patrons only.  They are located near the river north of the city center near Café Sicilia.
The Vaults has a price range above £30. It is children friendly and serves Japanese food.
The Rice Boat is a Fast food restaurant.  It is located near Express by Holiday Inn, which is in riverside.  The customer rating is 1 out of 5, has a moderate price range, and not kid friendly.
The Golden Palace is located near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café in City Centre. It has prices around 30 pounds and is a pub,
Zizzi is a pub which welcome families and children.
The Twenty Two offers children friendly French food.
The Rice Boat wells inexpensive Chinese food near the Express by Holiday Inn. It is near the riverside and not a family destination.
If you are nearby the Café Rouge, you can try Cotto, where English breakfast is available.
The Rice Boat located in the city centre near Express by Holiday Inn serves high price French food, it has been given a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Blue Spice Located in City centre offers great food with view of the river
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop offering Japanese food.  It is not a family-friendly establishment.  It is located in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel.  It has an average customer rating.
Located in city centre, The Waterman Indian  restaurant is moderate in price, kid friendly with a customer Rating of 1 out of 5.
A restaurant in the city centre area called Green Man.
Loch Fyne is an excellent Japanese restaurant, however it is not family-friendly.
Travellers Rest Beefeater, located near Café Adriatic in the city centre, has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 with a price range of £20-25.
Zizzi is a family-friendly pub that offers Italian meals.
Near Burger King in the city centre is The Eagle. A coffee shop that serves French food with a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It has a high price range. No children.
The Golden Curry offers small plates. They have excellent reviews. The Golden Curry is  located North of the city Centre near Café Rouge.  It is ideal for families.
In the city centre area is The Rice Boat. The Indian food serving place is not family friendly but does have a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
There is a average rated restaurant located near All Bar One called Midsummer House.
Near The Ranch, Wildwood is a coffee shop  with a high customer rating and classic English food. Wildwood offers well priced food.
In the pub The Olive Grove sell good economic sushi , but not familiar. This north of the city center.
Near to All Bar One is a family friendly, riverside Italian called Green Man.  Meals cost less than £20.
The Twenty Two is family-friendly and serves Japanese food.
Fast food and a low price - order from The Phoenix. In the riverside area with great customer rating.
For adults, The Plough, a restaurant located near The Bakers, serves meals costing less than £20.
A kid friendly and moderately priced English food restaurant is Loch Fyne.
For a pricier and child friendly option try The Plough restaurant near The Bakers.
The Golden Curry, a Chinese restaurant, is family friendly, located near The Bakers at less than 20 pounds price range.
A Chinese restaurant, The Cambridge Blue,  has an average customer rating.
The Twenty Two in riverside, located near The Rice Boat, is children friendly and has good customer ratings. The prices are a little more than average but the friendly atmosphere and good serves is worth it.
The Giraffe pub in city centre has French food and is not family-friendly.
there is a child friendly place near the Express by Holiday Inn which has a low customer rating of 1 out of 5 called Fitzbillies and it is expensive
The Cocum is a higher priced coffee shop which also offers food, such as sushi. It is family oriented, so bring your families over.
The Eagle is restaurant well loved by the public.
The Phoenix is an average Italian restaurant located in city centre.
With a low price range and a high customer rating, Wildwood is a coffee shop near Ranch.
Strada is a moderate priced fast food place near Rainbow Vegetarian Café. It is not kid friendly and customers rated it 1 out of 5.
The Waterman is a restaurant, It is not for the whole family It is near Crowne Plaza Hotel
Customers have given a low rating to the family friendly Blue Spice, found riverside, and prices less than 20 pounds.
The Cricketers an average price family friendly coffee shop located near The Portland Arms.
The Cotto is an expensive coffee shop in the riverside area near The Portland Arms. It serves averagely rated Italian food.
For a night away from the kids, The Waterman is serving great Indian food at average prices in the city centre.
Clowns near 'Clare Hall' is a coffee shop in riverside which does fast food, but has a terrible customer rating.
The Golden Curry is a restaurant near The Bakers that offers a moderately priced English cuisine in a non-kid friendly environment
Located near The Six Bells, the Indian restaurant Fitzbillies has dishes which cost less than 20 pounds.
A kid friendly pub        is The Olive Grove by the riverside.         Meals cost £20-£25.  They do fast food.
There's a children Friendly coffee shop called The Cricketers specialized in Italian food, with a high customer rating near The Portland Arms
Blue Spice is family-Friendly in less than  £20 price Range and low customer rating. It is located in riverside.
The Golden Curry is a city centre Japanese restaurant near Café Rouge. Is it family-friendly no and has a low customer rating.
The Cambridge Blue is an average priced pub that serves French food. It is located near Café Brazil.
There is a restaurant Aromi located in the riverside that serves Indian food,
The Twenty Two offers French food and is for adults in the riverside.
There is a cheap, family friendly, Italian The Rice Boat located near the riverside Express by Holiday Inn. The Rice Boat has received an average customer rating.
The Golden Palace is a high-priced French coffee shop in the city centre. It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
A high customer rating restaurant that cost more than £30 and is located in the area of riverside is The Eagle
The pub in riverside near Café Sicilia that has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 is The Twenty Two.
The Eagle is an Italian style coffee shop with high customer ratings near Burger King in the city centre. It is not child friendly and the price range is more the 30 pounds.
Above average at more than £30 on riverside is Blue Spice
Clowns is located near Café Sicilia priced less than 20 and is not family-friendly.
Green Man. which is situated in the city centre near All Bar One, is a family-friendly restaurant that serves English food that cost less than £20.
Check out Blue Spice coffee shop in riverside. It's near Avalon. Price is high and it has an average rating but the food is great.
With a high customer rating is a Fast food coffee shop Cotto located in city centre near The Portland Arms.
The Strada pub located near Yippee Noodle Bar serves Indian. It has a low customer  rating.
The Plough is a pub, which offers Indian food, within a price range of £20-25. It is kids friendly, and is located near Café Rouge.
High customer rating restaurant, Strada.
In the city Centre near The Sorrento, there is a family friendly Chinese restaurant called Browns Cambridge.
Cocum that received a 3 out of 5 customer rating is a coffee shop that offers fast food at a moderate price.
The Olive Grove is a fast food pub that offers a kid friendly atmosphere at a high price. Its located near the riverside.
Taste of Cambridge is a coffee shop that offers family-friendly fast food.  It is located in the city centre, near the Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Wildwood near Ranch is a coffee shop offering high priced quality meals.
The Waterman  is a pub serving Italian cuisine know for excellent customer ratings of 5 out of 5. You can find The Waterman in Riverside.
Highly rated and exclusively priced, The Golden Palace serves Japanese food in a coffee shop located by the river.
The Golden Curry is not child friendly but has a 5 out of 5 customer rating and serves fast food.
There is a cheaply-priced coffee shop named The Eagle near Burger King in riverside. Children are not allowed.
Try The Eagle, an average, child friendly coffee shop with fast food riverside near Burger King
Fast food restaurant Blue Spice has a price range of more than 30 and is located in the city centre.
A fast food and coffee shop in city centre name The Golden Palace has high ratings and a price range of more than £30.
Alimentum is a fair-priced local venue on the outskirts of the city.
Aromi is a child friendly coffee shop offering French food. It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and is located at the riverside.
near Crown Plaza Hotel is a Japanese coffee shop called Taste of Cambridge. it is by the riverside and yes it is family friendly
Taste of Cambridge restaurant offers meals for less than £20 and has an average rating.
The Vaults is a high priced family friendly restaurant located in the city centre.
When looking for a high end, child friendly coffee shop, Zizzi is the place.  Customer rated 1 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge is a Italian restaurant located in riverside near The Sorrento,
The Wrestlers is a  three-star  mid-range sushi restaurant in town.
The Golden Curry is a fast food place near The Bakers.
Midsummer House is a mid priced restaurant located next to All Bar One.
The Rice Boat is a family friendly Indian restaurant in the center of the city near Express by Holiday Inn.  They allow children; however they are pricey and have a low customer rating.
Located in the city centre near Yippee Noodle Bar is Alimentum. It serves French food with a price range of  £30 and it has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Vaults is a three star pub with medium pricing located northwest of Café Adriatic.
Fitzbillies is a family-friendly Japanese coffee shop. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. As well as that it is cheap and located in the city centre.
Midsummer House near Café Rouge has a high customer rating for English food.
Come now to Blue Spice Japanese Grill at Riverside for a 20 dollar meal.
Located in the city centre area, Fitzbillies is a family friendly Indian coffee shop.  It has a customer rating of 5 of 5.
Take your family to the averagely rated The Rice Boat, and Indian restaurant that sells cheap food in the city center near Express by Holiday Inn.
There is a 3 out of 5 customer rated Japanese restaurant with a price range of £20-25 in riverside called The Phoenix.
The Rice Boat is a highly rated child friendly Indian restaurant by the riverside.
A cheap Italian pub named Wildwood with a high customer rating.
The Midsummer House is a high priced fast food restaurant with a low customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is located near All Bar One.
In the city center, The Eagle is a French coffee shop with a family atmosphere.  It is located next to the Burger King with a low customer rating and a price point of more than £30.
The Waterman is a French venue, prices are high and they are rated 3 out of 5, they are in the City Centre but do not like children.
Blue Spice provides Chinese food in the high price range. It is located in the city centre.
The Italian coffee shop, 'Aromi', is a highly rated non-family-friendly coffee shop located by the riverside.
Giraffe is a children friendly pub serving Italian in the riverside area.
Near the Crowne Plaza Hotel and the river is Browns Cambridge coffee shop.  It is not family-friendly but offers average fast food.
The Travellers Rest Beefeater is located near Café Adriatic in Riverside. It has a high customer rating and it is priced above 30 euros.
customer rating 5 out of 5 for Italian restaurant called The Cambridge Blue
There is a restaurant called The Rice Boat that is family friendly located near the river.
Cocum for coffee shop offers Fast food for cheap price for kids Friendly.
The Phoenix is a highly recommended restaurant that also serves breakfast.
The Rice Boat  serves Fast food  near the riverside is kid-friendly and as a customer rating of 3 out of 5
The Eagle is a kid-friendly, average priced coffee shop with a high customer rating in the City Centre near Burger King.
Cocum is a moderately priced coffee shop. It has high ratings from its customers, 5 stars out of 5, and is also family friendly.
Near All Bar One is the high priced Midsummer House serving Italian food. It has an average customer rating.
The Rice Boat, Indian food in Riverside, near Express by Holiday Inn, has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. Children not allowed. Price range is high.
There is a pub in the city centre called The Waterman. It serves English food, and it has a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
The Vaults serves cheap, English food and is family friendly
There is a non-family-friendly pub located in the city centre called Giraffe that serves English food.
In the city centre near Café Brazil is the coffee shop The Vaults. The Vaults earned an average rating from its customers and has meals for less than 20 pounds.
The Waterman has Japanese food that is kid friendly near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
The Cambridge Blue restaurant has an average customer rating and provides English food.
The Rice Boat, near Express by Holiday Inn near city centre, serves fast food. This child friendly spot has a high customer rating and is priced at more than £30.
Close to Café Rouge there is a Fast food place called Cotto.
French restaurant The Rice Boat near Express by Holiday Inn in the city centre is more than £30, low customer rating and isn't family-friendly.
The Cambridge Blue is a cheap pub that offers Indian food. It is located near Café Brazil.
There is Chinese restaurant near Café Rouge named Cotto.
Midsummer House is a moderately priced Italian restaurant with a 3 out of 5 customer rating, it's near All Bar One.
The Browns Cambridge serves English food with a high customer rating and priced at more than £30
The Phoenix is a fast food restaurant with a 1 out of 5 customer rating. It is in the city centre and has a high price range.
The Rice Boat is a highly rated Indian food restaurant in riverside near the Express by Holiday Inn. It serves cheap food, it not family friendly. 5 out of 5 stars.
The Eagle is a highly rated Chinese food restaurant.
If you want some coffee with a good view and kid friendly ,Blue Spice is the right place for you.  It's located near Avalon the  prices are affordable and it has a  very good customer rating.
The Wrestlers is an Indian restaurant providing moderately priced food in a kids friendly atmosphere. It has 1 out of 5 customer ratings.
The pub by the riverside named Giraffe is children-friendly and serves English food
Serving the best Indian food, Blue Spice is a restaurant on the riverside within the price range of 20-25 euros.
Located near Café Rouge is a family Friendly pub called The Plough which serves Japanese food with prices less than £20
The Rice Boat provides Indian food. It is located in the city centre and has an average customer rating. It is not family friendly.
Fitzbillies is a moderate-priced coffee shop located in the city centre serving Indian food. It is kid friendly and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Rice Boat is in the riverside area. It offers Italian food.
The Eagle is a French coffee shop located in the city centre near Burger King. The average rating is 3 out of 5 with a price range from £20-25 and it is not kid friendly.
The Dumpling Tree is a pub providing Chinese food, children welcome. It is located near The Portland Arms
The Rice Boat has a low customer rating and is near the city center and the Express by Holiday Inn featuring Fast food in the less than 20 pound range.
English food with a moderate price range with a 3 out of 5 near All Bar One named Midsummer House.
Alimentum serves Italian and  is near Yippee Noodle Bar in the riverside area.  Customers rate it average and the prices are high .
Located close to the river, The Phoenix serves mid-prices French cuisine.
Blue Spice is kid friendly. Its is by the riverside. It has a high customer rating. Its prices range from 20-25.
The Twenty Two family friendly fast food.
coffee shop Wildwood gives French food at average prices. It has a very good reputation. near Ranch.
The Phoenix is a fast food restaurant with low prices, you can eat in or take out.  It is located in city center.
The City Centre's 5 star pub, The Twenty Two, is found near Café Sicilia
The Eagle is a reasonably priced coffee shop offering a more adult experience by the riverside. It's location near a Burger King and misguided French bistro styling take to much from the experience to warrant a second visit.
The Waterman on the riverside, serving cheap fast food, is family friendly.  It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Near the Express by Holiday Inn is The Rice Boat in riverside. They are not kid friendly have low customer rating and cost more than 30 euros.
The Rice Boat is a fast food place near the river.
The Cambridge Blue, near Café Brazil, is a pub serving French food for less the £20.
The Loch Fyne is a non-family friendly restaurant with a moderate price range.
The Dumpling Tree is a high priced Chinese restaurant
For high priced Italian food try Fitzbillies, a non child friendly coffee shop with mixed reviews
The Waterman is a Chinese food  kids friendly place with a moderate price range.  The customer ratings are 3 out of 5 and it is located near the riverside.
cheap fast food in riverside is available in The Rice Boat near Express by Holiday Inn. It is family friendly and averagely rated by customers.
Strada is a family friendly, cheap location with an average rating.
The Vaults is a cheap pub near Café Adriatic that is average.
An Italian pub named Strada is located near Yippee Noodle Bar and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Phoenix is a 5 star facility available for your use, with wine cheese and fruit served.
There is a high price coffee shop named Blue Spice near Avalon in city centre. It is rated 3 out of 5 and is not family-friendly.
The Olive Grove is child friendly pub that serves Japanese food. It's located in riverside and has a price range of more than £30.
The Olive Grove is a non kid friendly pub that serves Chinese food and has a moderate price range in the Riverside area.
Cocum, a kid friendly restaurant and coffee shop, is moderately priced and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
A highly rated English Pub near Yippee Noodle Bar is the Strada.
Green Man is not children friendly and serves high-priced fast food near the All Bar One in the riverside.
The Phoenix is a cheap priced English restaurant that is located in the city centre. They have a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Waterman is a Chinese food restaurant with low customer rating and is located in the city centre.  The price range is low and it is not family friendly.
Clowns coffee shop is in Cambridge. Clowns coffee shop is near Clare Hall. Clowns coffee shop has a one star rating.
Blue Spice has excellent location next to the river,offering low prices for the whole family
It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and is a coffee shop. It is kid friendly with a moderately priced menu. Cocum is it's name that is a fast food restaurant.
Wildwood is a coffee shop near Ranch. Serving Italian food that is priced low, it scores 5 out of 5 in customer ratings.
The Eagle is a cheap Indian coffee shop in a riverside location. It has an average customer rating, is family friendly and is located near Burger King.
The Phoenix offers Indian food which is cheap and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is in the riverside area.
The Golden Palace is a moderate price range  pub located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café in the city centre.
1 out of 5 is the rating for The Cambridge Blue Chinese restaurant.
The Twenty Two is a family friendly, fast food restaurant that is located near a riverside.
Fitzbillies is a cheap, high rated Indian coffee shop in Riverside.  It is not family friendly.
There is a kids friendly French pub The Dumpling Tree located near The Portland Arms.
The Twenty Two serves English food in a children friendly atmosphere in riverside.
Located near the city centre is Clowns a low rated pub that costs more than 30.
The Golden Curry is a family friendly place located near The Six Bells.
Family friendly Strada is a low budget restaurant close to the Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
There is a Japanese restaurant in the center of the city called Blue Spice that has a price range of less than 20 pounds.
The Phoenix is a Japanese restaurant located in the city center. They have an average rating.
In riverside - near the Crowne Plaza Hotel - there is an Italian coffee shop named Browns Cambridge. It has a high customer rating and is kid-friendly.
There is a non-kid-friendly restaurant named The Rice Boat that serves English style food located near Express by Holiday Inn.  It's in the riverside area, at a moderate price range, and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Punter is a coffee shop near of Café Sicilia with a Fast food service and a price range of £20-25
The Eagle is a coffee shop in the City Centre by Burger King.  It is inexpensive, is rated one star by customers, and is not family friendly.
The Rice Boat is a fast food restaurant in riverside near Express by Holiday Inn. It is not family-friendly, has a low customer rating and falls in the less than £20 price range.
The Olive Grove is a pub that provides Chinese food in the high price range. It is located in the city centre.
Fitzbillies is a reasonably priced, family-friendly, Italian coffee shop in a riverside setting.
The Twenty Two is a Chinese restaurant, located in the city centre, that is family friendly.
The Waterman serves family friendly food near the Crown Plaza Hotel.
The family friendly restaurant, The Twenty Two, that is located near The Rice Boat, is over priced and only has one out of five stars.
In the Riverside area near The Portland Arms you can find The Punter- a non family-friendly eatery- with a price range less than £20.
The Golden Curry is a family friendly establishment that is located near The Bakers. It also offers food for a low price.
Located in the riverside area, The Golden Palace is a coffee shop in the moderate price range with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Strada is a high quality family restaurant that offers fast food near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
The Eagle is a Japanese food with a high customer rating
Located in the riverside area is The Aromi, a fast-food restaurant.
Strada is a place the sells burger and fries for a low priced and is family friendly. It is five star rated and is located next to Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
The Golden Curry sells Japanese food. It is poorly rated and not family friendly.
Kids Friendly restaurant Travellers Rest Beefeater with price Range moderate
Bibimbap House offers good value Italian cuisine near Clare Hall in the riverside area.
The kids are not friendly in the riverside  area of The Waterman and the price range is moderate with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is an establishment that has high priced food and is located near The Six Bells.
The Dumpling Tree is a family friendly pub serving fast food, located near The Portland Arms.
Zizzi is an average restaurant that serves Italian pub fare. It is not family-friendly.
The Waterman is a restaurant for adults located in the city centre.  It is an Indian restaurant with a less than 20 price range and a low customer rating.
The Eagle provides Chinese food Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Blue Spice cheap Chinese food in the city center.
There is an Indian restaurant near The Bakers that has high price range and friendly with kid called The Golden Curry
With prices less than £20. Wildwood, a Japanese pub with a low customer service rating.
Cotto is a child friendly eatery located near the Ranch that serves Chinese food and has average customer ratings.
In the £20 -£25 price range is Browns Cambridge which serves French food and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
With a average rating The Golden Curry is English and family Friendly.
The Loch Fyne is a restaurant that serves Chinese food for more than £30.  It is kid friendly.
The Browns Cambridge, with a high price range, has an average customer rating.
This Italian restaurant names The Dumpling Tree has high prices.
The Eagle is an Italian place with average customer ratings.
Italian restaurant The Twenty Two located in Riverside is children friendly eatery.
The Phoenix  restaurant, which provides both eat in and take out, at a low cost, with great Indian food, located near the riverside area
For an Indian pub with a price range of more than 30 pounds and high customer ratings, try Wildwood.
Fitzbillies is a restaurant that specializes in wine pairings and is located next to The Six Bells.
The Eagle is a coffee shop. It is located near Burger King. It has a low customer rating.
Alimentum is a high-priced restaurant in the city centre near Yippee Noodle Bar.
A family friendly Chinese restaurant in Riverside is called The Rice Boat.
Cotto Italian food is child friendly and has high customer ratings. It is located near Ranch
There is  high end restaurant with a low customer rating serving English food.  The name is Browns Cambridge.
Blue Spice is children-friendly located along the riverside, high price range and customer rating 1 out of 5.
Taste of Cambridge has an average customer rating with a price range less than 20 is a eat type restaurant.
Near the Crowne Plaza Hotel, on the riverside,  is the Japanese family friendly coffee shop, Taste of Cambridge.
Located in the riverside area of Cambridge, near to the Express by Holiday Inn, is a Japanese restaurant called The Rice Boat. It has a low customer rating, has prices of less than £20 and is not family-friendly.
Good sushi doesn't have to cost the earth; Browns Cambridge in the city
For adults and serves high price French food The Waterman is for adults, it's in the riverside area and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
There is a medium priced range pub called Wildwood in the heart of the city.
Located in the city centre near The Portland Arms is a coffee shop called Cotto. Cotto serves inexpensive Japanese food and receives a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Cricketers is a low-rated, child-friendly, French coffee shop near The Portland Arms.
The Eagle is an Italian coffee shop that is adult friendly located in the city centre near Burger King.
Zizzi is a pub providing Indian food Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a cheap Chinese family friendly restaurant with average customer rating.
In riverside there is a family restaurant with low ratings called The Rice Boat.
A new pub just opened, the prices are moderate, and don't worry it's near Rainbow Vegetarian Café. The Golden Palace is its name and it is located riverside.
There is a family-friendly , Italian coffee shop called Browns Cambridge that is located near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
By the riverside is not a child friendly pub called Giraffe that serves fast food.
With an average customer rating, Strada is a child friendly restaurant near Rainbow Vegetarian Café in the high price range.
Green Man is a family friendly restaurant by All Bar One.
Clowns is a kids-friendly place to eat in the £20-25 price range. It is located near Café Sicilia.
Riverside is home to The Waterman, a French pub rated 5 out of 5 by customers.
The Olive Grove restaurant in the city centre is not family-friendly.
With meals costing less than £20 this family friendly Japanese restaurant, Alimentum, can be found in the riverside area.
The high rated coffee shop, The Vaults is located near Café Brazil and has a great price range from about 20-25 euros.
Offering English food is a child friendly restaurant named The Twenty Two.
Taste of Cambridge is a family-friendly coffee shop that also serves Fast food. It is located in city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel
City Centre based coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel, Taste of Cambridge is family-friendly and serves French cuisine.
The Twenty Two It is located north of City centre,  It is next to Café Sicilia
The Wrestlers serves fast food for under £20 and it has a low customer rating.
With a price Range of more than £30 Clowns pub earned a high customer Rating and is located  in the riverside area ,
Amazing French food served at the Green Man, located near All Bar One. Moderately priced near the riverside. No children allowed.
A good coffee shop which serves fast food is 'The Cricketers', with a moderate customer rating and is family friendly. Near 'The Portland Arms'.
Strada is a pub providing Chinese food It is near Yippee Noodle Bar. Its customer rating is low.
The Cricketers is a family friendly pub near Ranch, with a customer rating of five out of five.
The Punter, is near of Café Sicilia with a service of French food and a high price range
Clowns is coffee shop located in city centre, near Clare Hall. It is customer rated 5 out of 5 and serves Japanese food.
Giraffe is a high-priced restaurant located near The Six Bells.
The Wrestlers is a less than £20  Indian coffee shop located near the Raja Indian Cuisine and riverside however it is not family friendly.
The Waterman is a Japanese restaurant located near to Crowne Plaza Hotel which is not family-friendly.
In the city centre and near The Rice Boat, The Bibimbap House serves English food.
The Alimentum is a Japanese style, family friendly, inexpensive restaurant in the Riverside area.
If you are looking for a Fast food restaurant near Café Rouge, give Midsummer House a try.  I has a customer Rating of 3 out of 5 stars.
The Italian pub Wildwood gets average ratings from customers with prices ranging in the high side.
The Golden Curry is a kid friendly Indian restaurant that gets a rating of 1 out of 5.
The Fitzbillies is a Japanese restaurant near The Six Bells. It costs more than £30.
The Cotto is a cheap, 3 star coffee shop.  It is located near the river and The Portland Arms.
The Waterman located in the center of city is a public French food rating 5 out of 5
The Waterman is a child friendly, high priced restaurant.
By the riverside, there is a coffee shop named 'The Mill' near The Sorrento which has a price range from £20 to £25.
High Price Range Zizzi restaurant is at the riverside.
The Giraffe coffee shop is children friendly.  Dine here for more than £30.  Situated near The Bakers.  it is rated 5 out of 5 by its customers.
Highly rated, The Wrestlers offers Indian food at a children friendly restaurant which you will expect to be paying more than £30.
Near Clare Hall in the riverside area Bibimbap House serves French food for more than 30 euros.
Wildwood a French coffee shop near Ranch has low customer rating with a moderate price range.
The kids friendly venue, The Waterman offers prices ranging from £20 to £25
Wildwood is a coffee shop that serves traditional Japanese food in the low price range. It is rated five stars and is near Ranch.
The Waterman is located near Crown Plaza Hotel and provides a family friendly atmosphere with hamburger and fries offerings.
The Golden Palace is a low-priced coffee shop located just outside the city centre.
Zizzi is a high class restaurant in the riverside area. For a high priced pub with a 3 out of 5 rating, try the Wildwood.
Cotto is a coffee shop that serves French food. It is located near The Portland Arms in the city centre. It has a price range of less than £20 and a low customer rating.
The Phoenix Chinese food place in riverside is cheap, has great reviews, and is in riverside.
The Rice Boat is a kid friendly serving Japanese food with a rating of 5 out of 5
The Waterman pub is located on the riverside.
The Golden Curry is a good restaurant with customer rating 1 out of 5, it sells Italian food. Kids love it.
There's a family Indian restaurant down at riverside, called The Rice Boat. I must warn you that it's rated quite badly though.
Cotto is a high-end place to dine in the riverside area nearby All Bar One.
Near Burger King in the city centre is The Eagle family coffee shop.  It is mid range priced.
The Eagle is a low priced coffee shop located near the Burger King by the river.
Blue Spice, located in the riverside area, serves Japanese food for less than  £20.
The Phoenix is an Indian restaurant . It has a 5 out 5 customer rating in the area of riverside.
Looking for French food at a low prices in a family friendly environment, check out The Wrestlers coffee shop in the riverside area by Raja Indian Cuisine
In the city centre there's a Fast food restaurant called The Phoenix, they have moderate prices but only a 1 out of 5 customer rating.
There is a coffee shop called The Eagle that serves fast food at moderate prices. While not kid friendly, the location is convenient if close to Burger King near city centre. The Eagle is rated 1 out of 5 by customers.
Browns Cambridge restaurant offers a variety of food and drinks at a high price.
A child-friendly coffee shop named Cocum serves Japanese food; the price range is around £20-25.
If you are looking for a coffee shop  near Café Sicilia that is highly rated, The Punter offers up French fare, with a price range of L20-25, and is child friendly.
Near the Café Rouge in riverside is The Golden Curry, serving English food. It is not family-friendly and has low ratings.
The Rice Boat providing English food, located in the riverside it's children-friendly and also rated average.
The Phoenix serves Fast food, price range under £20 located at city centre. Low Customer ratings
Alimentum serves English food.  It is located near Yippee Noodle Bar at the riverside.  The customer rating is 1 out of 5, it has a high price range.
City centre located The Eagle serves moderately priced Indian food in a coffee shop environment. Just near Burger King, it's rated 1 out of 5 and serves adult parties only.
The Rice Boat is a high-rated French restaurant. It is family friendly and located in Riverside.
The whole family will enjoy great Asian cuisine at the Fitzbillies coffee shop. The shop is outside of City centre just off the river, and it  sells its food at mid-level prices.
For cheap eats and fast food join us at The Punter.
The Waterman is a high price range, kid friendly restaurant in the riverside area. It serves English food, and has an average customer rating.
Fitzbillies is a moderately priced place located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
Not recommended for children, The Eagle is a Japanese restaurant with a low customer rating. Located in Riverside, it is near Burger King and a coffee shop, price range is more than 30.
Pub The Cambridge Blue near Café Brazil with Italian food and very cheap prices
Located in the city centre area, The Waterman, is a French food restaurant that isn't kid friendly even thought it is moderately priced.  The average customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Twenty Two serves English food.  It is family friendly.
The Phoenix is a moderately priced Chinese restaurant with a customer rating of 3 out of 5, in a riverside area.
A fine dining experience that you can enjoy wines of all sorts and cheese, 5 stars and close to Café Rouge. Midsummer House is a lovely place to go.
The Golden Palace is a pub in the city centre near Rainbow Vegetarian Café with prices less than  £20.
Zizzi is a coffee shop located at the city centre. It is not a child friendly establishment. Zizzi has a customer rating of 5 out of 5, with a price range of more than £30.
A 1 out of 5 Italian food restaurant that has high prices and isn't friendly to children is The Wrestlers.
Loch Fyne is a kid-friendly restaurant serving fast food.
A children-friendly Japanese coffee shop is near The Portland Arms, its now rated named The Cricketers.
The Golden Palace is a fast food coffee shop that is moderate in price range. It is located in the riverside and has been given a 1 out of 5 stars in rating.
There is a family restaurant not far from Café Rouge. The Golden Curry has a 5-star rating.
The Phoenix, a new fast food restaurant that is in the Riverside area.
Aromi is a coffee shop providing Italian foods  and located in city centre. It has low rating because it is not family-friendly.
Cocum coffee shop is located in the center. of town. Conveniently located among other shops.
Loch Fyne is a family friendly restaurant that serves Italian food.
The Wildwood is a French coffee shop near the Ranch. It has a high customer rating in the average price range.
Giraffe restaurant has cheap price ranges, and is located near The Six Bells.
Near to Café Rouge a place called Cotto that serves French food.
Browns Cambridge is a low-cost, one-star restaurant.
In riverside, The Waterman has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is not kid friendly. It serves English food and has a high price range.
The Golden Palace is a restaurant with a price range of less than £20 per person.
The Wrestlers has high ratings from previous customers.  This establishment has higher-priced Chinese food and is family friendly.
The Rice Boat, near Express by Holiday Inn located in city centre is a Fast food restaurant with moderate price range. It has customer ratings of 3 out of 5 and is not kid friendly.
There is a 1-star restaurant The Eagle.
The Vaults has a lot to choose from for the family, but the price is high.
The Golden Palace is located in the city centre with moderate price range and customer rating of 1 out of 5.  They offer coffee and Japanese food.
There is a coffee shop Browns Cambridge located next to Crowne Plaza Hotel.
The Olive Grove is located in the riverside area.  A high priced child friendly pub which serves English food.
The Twenty Two is children friendly and is French food.
A restaurant with a lower customer rating of only 1 out of 5 is the Strada.
The Eagle serves fast food and has a  customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Rice Boat, which is highly-rated, but not family-friendly,  offers cheap Indian food at the city centre, near Express by Holiday Inn.
Near The Six Bells, a family friendly place to eat, is called The Golden Curry.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Indian food in the cheap price range. It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is average.
The Olive Grove is a child-friendly pub which serves English food in the average price range of £20 to £25, and it is located at the riverside.
Café Adriatic is a high end venue, riverside, that is customer rated 1 out of 5, and is located near Travellers Rest Beefeater.
Bibimbap House is near Clare Hall in the city centre area serving moderately priced French food.
Wildwood is a moderately priced sushi restaurant.
Browns Cambridge is an Italian coffee shop in the city centre near the Crowne Plaza Hotel. It has a 5 out of 5 rating but is not family-friendly.
Lets go eat at this pub I know called Cocum. And yes its perfect for kids, and prices are more than £30.
Located in the city centre is The Eagle. The price range is more than £30 and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Indian food is served at The Golden Curry located in the city centre area near Café Rouge. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 and yes, it is family friendly.
With a low customer rating of 1 out of 5 and a high price range, comes The Giraffe. The Giraffe is located near The Bakers and is a family friendly coffee shop.
Alimentum, near the city centre and Yippee Noodle Bar serves low-rated Chinese at high prices.
Browns Cambridge, located near The Sorrento, Riverside offers French meals and is children friendly.
The Olive Grove pub is a family friendly and offers fast food.
Near The Portland Arms in the riverside area is a family friendly location named The Punter and is in the cheap price range
Bibimbap House is serving Chinese food near Clare Hall in the City center. It is in the medium price range.
Strada offers a full English breakfast suitable for the family at a high price range. It is rated 3 stars and located near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
The Mill restaurant at the riverside has French at less than  £20 to eat pub.
The Punter offers burgers and fries in the high price range.
The Japanese restaurant called The Eagle has a high customer rating
The Olive Grove is a non-children friendly pub serving high-priced Indian food located in the city centre.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop with food in price range less than £20.
Near the river and close to The Portland Arms is an adult oriented restaurant, The Punter.
The Eagle is a low customer rating Chinese restaurant.
Clowns is a  pub that located in area Riverside.
The Wrestlers serve breakfast and is one of the highest rated restaurants in the area.
Loch Fyne is a lowly rated Italian restaurant located at the city centre near The Rice Boat.
There's a coffee shop selling Japanese food, it's called The Eagle. It's rated 3 out of 5, it's expensive, and you can't bring your kids. You can find it near Burger King by the city centre.
Browns Cambridge is a 5 star restaurant that serves Indian food at a low price.
Zizzi is a child friendly pub that serves Indian food. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Loch Fyne in the city centre near The Rice Boat serves French food. It has an average customer rating.
The Mill is a coffee shop that offers Italian food with a price range of £20-25. It is in riverside near The Sorrento.
The Rice Boat located by the riverside is an average family friendly Japanese restaurant.
Zizzi is not kid friendly, has a high rating, priced 20-25pounds and is a coffee shop located in the city centre.
Near Raja Cuisine, in the city centre is a coffee shop offering French food. The Wrestlers is cheap and family-friendly.
There is a Japanese restaurant that serves moderately priced food called The Rice Boat. It has a 1 out of 5 customer rating and isn't kid friendly. It is located in the city centre near Express by Holiday Inn.
A more luxurious venue in the riverside area with a higher price range is Blue Spice.
Cotto is a moderate restaurant near All Bar One by the riverside.
Cotto is a coffee shop in the average price range serving Fast food. Located near to The Portland Arms and riverside area with a low customer rating.
Aromi, a city centre pub, is highly rated and also family-friendly.
The kid friendly fast food restaurant in the riverside area near The Crowne Plaza Hotel is called Taste of Cambridge
There's a place near the riverside named Blue Spice that's family friendly with an average customer ratings and a price range with less than £20.
The Punter is a low cost coffee shop that is family friendly located near Café Sicilia
The Rice Boat is a sushi bar, located beside Express by Holiday Inn and offers moderate prices and a mature setting.
The Wrestlers coffee shop is in the high price range and serves child friendly Fast food near the Raja Indian Cuisine and the center of the city.
Close to the river is Alimentum.  Its French menu is over £30 and the venue is not child friendly.
The Waterman is located in city centre with outstanding ratings. The Waterman is a Japanese pub.
Strada is located near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café and serves Indian food in the high price range. It has an average rating and is child friendly.
Wildwood is a pub providing a medium price range.
The Golden Curry is a cheap, family friendly, cheap Fast food joint near The Bakers
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop in the city centre. It serves Japanese food for less than £20. It has an average customer rating.
The Eagle, a coffee shop that serves Indian food, has a price range of £20-£25. The Eagle has a high customer rating and it is situated in the city centre by Burger King. The Eagle is not child friendly.
The Olive Grove pub is kids friendly and serves moderately priced Italian food in the riverside area.
The Rice Boat is a family friendly restaurant located near the City centre.
With a 5 out of 5 customer rating, The Rice Boat restaurant offers Japanese cuisine in a family friendly atmosphere. It is located riverside.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly fast food venue, with moderate prices and high ratings.
A good place to get low priced sushi without the kids is the Green Man. It is located on the river in City centre close to All Bar One.
there is a cheap restaurant The Waterman located in the centre of the city that provides sushi.
There is a riverside coffee shop called The Eagle that has French food at an average price range. It is child friendly, located near Burger King, and has a 3 customer rating.
The Italian restaurant near Café Rouge, Midsummer House, has received average reviews.
The Dumpling Tree, just east of Café Sicilia, is not family-friendly.
The Plough is a cheap, family-friendly French pub near Café Rouge.
Green Man is a pub serving English food. It is located by the riverside, near Café Rouge.
Fitzbillies is French  located near The Six Bells. This restaurant has a moderate price Range.
The fast food restaurant Alimentum near Yippee Noodle Bar in riverside, prices are more than £30 with high customer rating.
There is a restaurant The Golden Curry that serves Chinese food,
5 star oriental food at The Eagle.
The Phoenix in City Centre sells average costing breakfast.
Green Man has the best Japanese food located in the city centre close to All Bar One with a moderate price great for family
The Golden Palace is a French food coffee shop in riverside with moderate prices and a 1 out of 5 customer rating.
In the city centre is a French restaurant called The Waterman, is has a low customer rating, has a price range of more than £30, and is not kid-friendly.
The Twenty Two is a family friendly fast food restaurant.
Browns Cambridge is an Indian coffee shop located in riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It has a low customer rating of 1 out of 5 but is children friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a Japanese restaurant that is a little expensive. It does not have good customer ratings.
The Eagle near Burger King in the riverside is a coffee shop with a  high price range providing Italian food. They are not children friendly and have a customer rating 1 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge is a 5-star, expensive, sit-down restaurant.
Fitzbillies is great for the whole family.   This 3 star dining establishment offers pricey burgers, fries, and drinks.   Located north of City centre on the banks of the river.
Bibimbap House provides Indian food in the high price range. It is located in the riverside. It is near Clare Hall.
The Punter is a moderately prices Indian restaurant.
In the centre of the city there's a great cheap take out restaurant called The Giraffe Pub.
Green Man is located near All Bar One. Food given in English medium prices. It is family-friendly
The Waterman went to the riverside and ate Indian food. It costs  £8. He didn't want to be rude, but he rated 1.
There is a family friendly pub in riverside serving English food that is moderately priced. It is called The Olive Grove.
The Rice Boat serves Japanese food by the riverside.
The Twenty Two offers Italian food in a kid friendly venue.
The Vaults is a Chinese restaurant with a moderate price. It is not kids friendly.
The Cricketers coffee shop, near The Portland Arms, serves reasonable Italian Food.
Fitzbillies is a high price range coffee shop that caters to families in the city centre
Child friendly Zizzi has moderate prices and a 3 out of 5 customer rating. The coffee shop is located in the riverside area.
The Dumpling Tree near The Portland Arms serves English food
In the area of riverside is Blue Spice. It has Italian food for a moderate price.
The Cambridge Blue, a low rating restaurant offering French food.
The Cambridge Blue is a Japanese Pub Located near Café Brazil, with prices ranging from £20-25.
A Japanese coffee shop near to The Portland Arms with an average rating an not family-friendly then got to The Cricketers
The Twenty Two, located near Café Sicilia in the city centre, is a pub with an average customer rating.
Wildwood is a low customer Rating pub, with less than  £20 price Range, that serves Indian food.
The Wrestlers, an English restaurant, has low prices, low ratings, and is not family-friendly.
The Vaults for French food for children Friendly with high price.
The Portland Arms is closely located to Cotto a expensive restaurant.
Aromi, a coffee shop in the riverside area, has fast food, is kids friendly, and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Dumpling Tree is a Chinese restaurant on the expensive side.
The Golden Curry features Chinese cuisine and has earned a customer rating of 5 out of 5. This establishment is not open to families.
A family-friendly restaurant is The Rice Boat, it is low-priced and not far from the Express by Holiday Inn.
An Italian coffee shop that is kids Friendly and high customer Rating is The Cricketers near The Portland Arms.
The Eagle is a coffee shop that provides Indian food. Its price range is high, it is not child friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is located in the city centre near Burger King
The Golden Curry is near Café Rouge in Riverside.  It serves Chinese Food and is low rated.
If you're looking for a kid friendly coffee shop in the riverside area with £20-25 priced entrees, look no further than Zizzi.  This coffee shop also has a high customer satisfaction rating.
The Rice Boat serves  an excellent steak and eggs, located near Express by Holiday Inn.
Taste of Cambridge is a coffee shop that serves Italian food located near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the area of Riverside. Unfortunately, it is not kid friendly.
There is a fast food restaurant located in city centre called The Rice Boat. It has average customer ratings.
The Vaults costs more than 30 pounds and has a 5 out of 5 rating.  It is a pub located near Café Adriatic.
Near The Rice Boat in riverside, Loch Fyne, has average English food.
on the area of riverside its Blue Spice excellent family place with an average rating and low prices
The high priced fast food joint, Green Man, is not child friendly, and is located in the city centre near All Bar One.
Cotto is a  moderately priced restaurant located at riverside near All Bar One.
Located near the Crowne Plaza Hotel - The Waterman is a restaurant that offers French food that caters to kid friendly customers.
The Waterman is kid friendly with a low price range. I is located on the river.
The Eagle is a high priced, high quality coffee shop that provides Sushi. It is family friendly and is located near Burger King and the Riverside.
The Dumpling Tree is a coffee shop in city centre near Café Sicilia. They are not family-friendly and are in the price range of less than 20.
If you want to eat Japanese food at moderate prices and , visit Alimentum , rated 1 out of 5,  near Yippee Noodle Bar and riverside.
Japanese food at low prices is available at Wildwood pub, where customers rate it 5 out of 5.
The Vaults offers Indian food which is moderately priced.  This restaurant is considered to be more adult oriented and is not kid-friendly.
Strada is a high priced Italian restaurant with a 1 out of 5 customer rating.  It is located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café and is not children friendly.
With prices under £20 and in the city centre Fitzbillies is a family-friendly coffee shop with Italian Food. It customer ratings is low.
Adults only at this cheap restaurant,  Travellers Rest Beefeater.
Providing Chinese food The Golden Curry is not family friendly with an average customer rating.
The Mill coffee shop is low priced and serves fast food. It is located in the City center. close to The Sorrento.
The Mill is a cheap coffee shop which also serves Indian food which is situated riverside, near The Sorrento.
There is a cheap fast food and coffee shop which is family friendly called Cocum with low customer ratings.
The Punter is an Italian coffee shop near Café Sicilia with a high customer rating that is not kid friendly and has price ranges of £20-25.
There is a family friendly restaurant,  The Twenty Two,  located in the city centre,  that serves Chinese food.
Fitzbillies is an average rated coffee shop which serves cheap Indian food. They are located riverside and are family friendly.
The Golden Curry is an Indian restaurant with an average customer rating and is kid friendly.
The Golden Curry near Café Rouge in riverside is a Japanese venue that is kid friendly with a 1 out of 5 rating.
There's a fast food establishment in the city centre named The Rice Boat. It has a 5 out of 5 customer rating and is not family-friendly.
Bibimbap House is a moderate-priced restaurant on the riverside near Clare Hall.
There is a average priced restaurant Midsummer House located in the All Bar One with low customer rating .
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop providing Indian food in the less than £20 price range. It is located in the city centre. It is near Raja Indian Cuisine.
Green Man near All Bar One in the city centre provides Italian food. They are children friendly with a high price range.
Near Café Rouge, there is a kid-friendly place called The Plough. It is a high-priced Italian pub.
The Wrestlers is a cheap coffee shop located next to Raja Indian Cuisine.
In the city centre there is a family-friendly French restaurant called Alimentum. The price range is less than £20.
Browns Cambridge has an average customer service that serves Japanese food. It has a price range that is less than £20.
The Waterman is an English restaurant.  The customer rating is high.  It is riverside.  Child friendly.  The price range is more than  £30.
The Wrestlers is the place where you can bring the kids and have wine at the same time.
Bibimbap House, located on the riverside near The Rice Boat, serves American food.
With a customer rating of 1 out of 5 Zizzi is a child friendly  pub serving French food
Clowns is a pub at the riverside and the customer rating is high. The price range is £20-25.
The Rice Boat is not a family-friendly Japanese restaurant in the centre of the city with a low customer rating.
Loch Fyne serves the classic menu of hamburgers, French fries and refreshments.
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing sushi in the low price range. It is located near Burger King.
Alimentum provides high priced Indian food in the riverside area. It is not suitable for children.
Check out Strada, a family friendly restaurant located near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café offering fast food.
The Phoenix, located in riverside, has received average customer ratings for cheap Chinese food.
For moderately priced Italian food; there is Fitzbillies, located near The Six Bells.
Cotto is a coffee shop providing Italian food with a price range of £20 or less near of The Portland Arms
The Punter is a cheap Indian food coffee shop near Café Sicilia. It gets a 5 out of 5 rating, but it is not family friendly.
Browns Cambridge serves inexpensive but low-rated Indian dishes.
An Italian restaurant near to All Bar One that is low in cost but has a 5 star review, go see Midsummer House
With a low price range, Bibimbap House is a restaurant near Clare Hall by the riverside in the City centre.
Alimentum is located near Yippee Noodle Bar in the riverside area  serves French food with a moderate price range but a rating of 1 out or 5
In Riverside near Clare Hall there is a coffee shop which sells fast food, it is called Clowns and customers have rated it as high.
There is a one star restaurant called The Phoenix located near the river.
There is a moderately priced riverside pub named The Mill that serves Italian food.
Located in the city centre, The Twenty Two is a fast food restaurant that is not family friendly.
The Waterman is a kid-friendly, highly rated, average price restaurant in the City Centre area.
There is a children friendly coffee shop serving French food called Taste of Cambridge. It is located near the Crown Plaza Hotel in the riverside area
The Rice Boat is an Italian restaurant with a non family-friendly environment that serves low priced food. It is located in the city centre near the Express by Holiday Inn.
The Rice Boat is a Chinese restaurant with a customer rating of 1 of 5.  it is located in the riverside area and is children friendly.
The Phoenix is the best fast food restaurant at the riverside boasting its 5 out of 5 customer rating for the second straight year.
Fitzbillies is a French restaurant near The Six Bells  with items in the  £20-25 price range.
The French restaurant Alimentum is located in the city center near Yippee Noodle Bar.  Alimentum has an average customer rating and offers meals for less than 20.
The Rice Boat is the place to be if your wanting fast food by the riverside.
There is an English family-friendly pub with price ranges of less than £20 called The Olive Grove. It is situated by the riverside.
One-star restaurant, The Rice Boat, with traditional English cuisine, is a kid-friendly, moderately-priced eatery with riverside views; it's located near the Express by Holiday Inn.
Browns Cambridge has a one star rating with low prices and offers a variety of choices for the customer.
Aromi is a family-friendly coffee shop that serves fast food.  It is located in the city center and has a 5 out of 5 rating.
Alimentum, offers Indian food , within a cheap price range, and is located in a riverside area, and is family friendly.
The Waterman is a family friendly pub offering modestly priced food from  a variety of cuisines. Its customer rating is poor.
The Browns Cambridge is a good customer rating and family-friendly Italian coffee shop. It is located in the city centre and near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
The Mill is a pub type restaurant near riverside.
The Rice Boat is a highly-rated fast food place near the riverside which is kid friendly.
Along the riverside near Burger King, is a family friendly coffee shop called The Eagle.  They serve wine and hors d'oeuvre in the medium price range and have a one-star rating.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is located on the riverside by Café Adriatic. It is cheap and rated 3 of 5.
Strada is a high-cost restaurant located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café. It has a one out of five star rating and is family-friendly.
The Twenty Two is a kid-friendly restaurant that offers Italian cuisine.
Near The Six Bells, Fitzbillies is a fast food place with a more than £30 price range
The Rice Boat is located in Riverside near the Express by Holiday Inn and is a low priced Italian eatery that is an ok adult only restaurant
Wildwood is a pub that serves English food, and has received high customer ratings. It is fairly expensive, with prices going above £30.
Fitzbillies coffee shop is known for its Japanese food. It's location is in the city centre and is child friendly. Customers rate it at 5 out of 5, prices are above £30.
The Olive Grove is a kids friendly pub in the riverside area, serving English food in a price range of £20-25.
Riverside are offers a fine dinning Italian restaurant, Blue Spice.
The Rice Boat,  a high-priced, family friendly sushi restaurant  is located near the Express by Holiday Inn.
Located in the city centre, is the highly rated, family-friendly, coffee shop called Zizzi. It is in the cheap price range.
The Cambridge Blue is a Japanese restaurant that is rated 1 out of 5.
Near The Portland Arms is a Japanese coffee shop called The Cricketers.  They are rated 1 out of 5 by customers, and offer a child friendly environment.
There is a  coffee shop named The Dumpling Tree,  near Café Sicilia at riverside. It is not suitable for family, although its price range is less than £20.
The Wrestlers is a non family friendly, low priced coffee shop located next to Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Plough is a Japanese pub found in the city centre, near to Café Rouge.  It is moderately priced and not recommended for families.
Next to The Sorrento is Browns Cambridge, a non family friendly sushi bar.
Located in city centre, The Twenty Two provides Japanese food. It is family-friendly.
The Rice Boat is a moderately priced restaurant close to the Express by Holiday Inn.
The Mill is a coffee shop which offers sushi at a medium price point. It is located near The Sorrento.
Along the riverside, there is a children friendly restaurant called The Rice Boat, which  has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It provides French food.
The Olive Grove in riverside is a pub with a price Range of more than £30and is children Friendly
Aromi is an average rated pub in the riverside area. It is not family-friendly.
The Phoenix in the city centre serves high priced Japanese food. It is rated by customers as 3 out of 5.
The Dumpling Tree is a pub that provides English food while being Family Friendly. It can be found near The Portland Arms.
The Waterman, a family friendly restaurant near Crowne Plaza Hotel, serves English food.
The Phoenix is a Sushi restaurant located on the riverside. It provides high quality food at a high price range.
The Twenty Two serves English food is kid friendly located in riverside
The Plough restaurant is located near The Bakers affordable and kid friendly
With a high customer rating, the child friendly Cotto serves English food near the Ranch.
Cocum is a cheap family friendly coffee shop in the city centre.
In the centre of the city you can find The Waterman Public House, serving basic fast food.
Loch Fyne, which serves Chinese food near The Rice Boat in city centre, has received poor ratings.
The Eagle has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. They serve Chinese food.
The fast food restaurant, The Rice Boat, is expensive, however it is children friendly and has a high customer rating. It is near the Express by Holiday Inn in the center of the city.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop with Italian food. It's not family-friendly. Near the Crowne Plaza Hotel, it is located in the city centre, and has a low customer rating.
If you're looking to get some Japanese food on the cheap, Cocum is a coffee shop with a rating of 5 out of 5. It's a great place to visit if you can find a babysitter to look after the kids.
The Rice Boat is an English restaurant located near Express by Holiday Inn in the centre of the city with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and is kids friendly with a moderate price range.
A kid friendly place that has Japanese food is the The Golden Curry. It is near Café Rouge in the riverside area, but has a low rating.
The Waterman, highly rated by customers with a rating of 5 out of 5, is a French restaurant located within the city centre. The Waterman is not child friendly and boasts an average price range of more than £30.
Customers rate the moderately-priced Strada 1 out of 5 and it is kids-friendly.
A kids friendly restaurant serving meals between £20-25 is Travellers Rest Beefeater
The Eagle is located in Riverside, near Burger King, that provides a kid friendly environment in the £20-25 range - it is a coffee shop with a high customer rating.
The Rice Boat is a moderately priced Indian restaurant with a 3 of 5 customer rating.  It is kid friendly and in the riverside area near Express by Holiday Inn.
Kids and adults alike will enjoy the Loch Fyne restaurant for fresh, flavorful Italian food.
The Dumpling Tree is an expensive restaurant that serves British-style food.
Loch Fyne restaurant is a fast food, family friendly establishment with a price range of less than £20.
The family-friendly location The Waterman, serves a light menu of food and alcohol for an average price.  Customers review this location as 3 out of 5 stars.
The Golden Palace is a three star, cheap coffee shop located in the City centre.
Near The Portland Arms, there is a Italian, children friendly pub called The Dumpling Tree.
Strada is a high rated restaurant
At The Punter one can grab a burger and fries and relax with friends and family. It is not far from Café Sicilia.
Blue Spice is a highly recommended family friendly, low cost restaurant with a water view.
Strada is a fast food restaurant located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café. It has a moderate price range, a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and is not kid friendly.
Strada is an expensive British restaurant near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
Browns Cambridge near Crowne Plaza Hotel is a family-friendly coffee shop that serves Italian food and has an average customer rating.
Green Man is cheap family friendly French restaurant near All Bar One located in the riverside area.
The Eagle is great sushi at affordable prices. Located near Burger King.
Located in the city centre, The Phoenix serves fast food and has a low customer rating.
Near The Portland Arms is a kids friendly pub named The Dumpling Tree; it serves Japanese food.
The Wildwood pub serves Indian food, The price range is high and the customer rating is 1 out of 5.
There is a child friendly restaurant.  It is called Wildwood.
Cotto is a coffee shop that serves fast food, located near The Portland Arms and the river. It has a high price range but has only received average reviews.
Cotto is in Riverside near All Bar One with prices exceeding £30.
Come to The Midsummer House restaurant for fine Asian cuisine at mid-range prices. You can find the restaurant next to All Bar One.
Browns Cambridge offers English foods for a high price. Their average customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Aromi is a riverside coffee shop specialising in Japanese food. Child friendly, its customers give it average ratings.
The Golden Palace serves cheap food. It is a coffee shop near the river.
Loch Fyne restaurant serves fast food within moderate prices. No kids allowed
Near Raja Indian Cuisine in Riverside is The Wrestlers.  It is a Japanese restaurant, has reasonable prices but is not kid friendly.
The Rice Boat is a family-friendly restaurant providing French food in the cheap price range. It is located near Express by Holiday Inn in the city centre. Its customer rating is low.
The Dumpling Tree near The Portland Arms is a kid friendly fast food pub.
The popular, kid friendly Blue Spice is in the city centre costing £20-25.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre. It serves moderately priced Italian food and is kids friendly.
Midsummer House is a moderately priced American restaurant near All Bar One that has great reviews.
Beer and wine pub located by the river Clowns  pub a expensive 3 star place to relax .
The Waterman is a kid-friendly establishment serving Chinese food and located near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
The Waterman is a high priced Chinese restaurant in the Riverside area.  It is not child friendly.
The Punter coffee shop serves moderately prices Indian food near Café Sicilia.  It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and is not kid friendly.
The Golden Palace was given an average customer rating and is a coffee shop and fast food place in the city center area with a high price range.
Mid priced French cuisine is served in Fitzbillies, a child friendly coffee shop located in the City centre.
There is a kid friendly Chinese restaurant called The Vaults. The food is priced at a moderate range.
There is a high rated average priced restaurant The Rice Boat that is child friendly and offers French food. It is located near Express by Holiday Inn in the city centre.
The Cricketers is a type of coffee shop that serves Fast food, kid friendly and has a Customer rating of 3 out of 5, and also near from the famous The Portland Arms.
There is an inexpensive pub near the river bank called The Olive Grove. Families are welcome.
The Eagle is a family-friendly Japanese coffee shop in the city centre near Burger King with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 and has a cheap price range.
There is a pub called The Mill with English food, Prices less then 20 located by the riverside.
The not family-friendly, average coffee shop located in the city centre serving fast food is called Aromi.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop that provides Japanese food for a high cost. The restaurant is located by the margin of the river, next to Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Waterman has fast food along riverside and has a cheap price range with a customer rating and is not family-friendly.
Taste of Cambridge is an Indian coffee shop near the Crowne Plaza Hotel.  It is not family-friendly and is located riverside.
The Punter is an average-priced coffee that serves Japanese food.  Located near Café Sicilia, this family-friendly location receives a rating of 1 out of 5 stars from customers.
Japanese food can be bought at The Cricketers. This is a child friendly coffee shop located near to The Portland Arms. Customers have given it a rating of 3 out of 5.
The Eagle is a cheap highly rated non-kids friendly coffee shop, located in the riverside, near Burger King.
Giraffe is a cheap coffee shop near The Bakers. It is family friendly and has a 5 out 5 customer rating.
Alimentum is an expensive, child-friendly restaurant located riverside.
Strada is next to Rainbow Vegetarian Café. It's mid range prices and moderate ratings. Good with the children too.
Chinese restaurant, The Vaults is kid Friendly with a Range in price of £20-25.
The Twenty Two serves Italian food in a child friendly setting.
The Wrestlers is a low priced restaurant which serves French food. The Wrestlers has a 3 out of 5 star customer rating and is child friendly.
There is a mid price range restaurant Browns Cambridge located in the centre of the city that amazing food.
There is an Italian restaurant named The Cambridge Blue which is highly rated.
The Plough restaurant is conveniently located steps away from the Express by Holiday Inn. No minors allowed, not family friendly.
The Vaults is a highly rated coffee shop with a high price range. It is near Café Brazil in the riverside area.
For reasonably priced food, visit The Punter.
The Waterman is a French restaurant in riverside. They are not child friendly. Their prices are high and their customers rate them with 3 out of 5 stars.
High price range restaurant called Taste of Cambridge has an average customer rating.
The Waterman is a cheap and family friendly Chinese restaurant in the Riverside area with excellent customer rating.
Strada is a Japanese restaurant located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.  Child friendly, Customer rated 5 out of 5, and reasonably priced at about 30 pounds and up.
Fitzbillies, a city centre child friendly coffee shop, has a 3 star rating.
Near the riverside is cheap priced Italian restaurant called The Waterman. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 and is family friendly.
Located at the riverside, there is a pub called Giraffe that is a kid friendly place and serves English food.
The Vaults pub is near Café Adriatic.  It has a high customer rating and a price range more than 30 pounds.
Fitzbillies, near The Six Bells, serves Italian food in the over 30 pounds price range.
The Golden Palace is a Indian coffee shop in the river side. It is cheap and rating is average.
Fitzbillies is located near The Six Bells which has a cheap price range. They serve Japanese food
In the city centre area is an Italian restaurant named The Golden Curry. It is family-friendly and has an average customer rating. It is near Café Rouge.
Located neat The Portland Arms, The Cricketers is a family-friendly coffee shop that serves French food. It gets low ratings from customers.
The Wrestlers is an expensive Fast food restaurant which provides average customer services and is not child friendly.
Near Café Rouge you can find a restaurant with a 1 out of 5 customer rating called Wildwood.
Wildwood is a Fast food place near Ranch that has an eat type of a coffee shop that has a cheap price range.
There is a fast food restaurant near The Bakers that is not family-friendly.  It's called The Golden Curry and costs less than £20.
Cotto is a fast food place near Ranch with an average customer rating and is kids friendly.
The Golden Curry is a kids Friendly French restaurant near The Bakers. they offers food in moderate price range.
There is a fast food restaurant with average customer ratings located near Café Rouge, it is named Midsummer House.
Loch Fyne is located near to The Rice Boat at the riverside. It serves Japanese food and average customer ratings are 3 out of 5.
Located in the city centre near Express by Holiday Inn, The Rice Boat is an Italian restaurant that offers cheap prices, is family-friendly, and has average ratings.
The Eagle restaurant provides traditional English food with a low customer rating.
Cocum as a coffee shop is rated average but not a choice for family. They provide Italian food.
Fitzbillies is a kid friendly restaurant near the Express by Holiday Inn. It has a moderate price range but the customer rating is only 1 out of 5.
Cheap pub named Cocum is family friendly with 5 out of 5 customer rating.
Next to Café Sicilia down by the riverside is The Twenty Two Pub but I don't recommend eating there.
A nice, inexpensive place that is fun for the whole family is Clowns.  It is close to Café Sicilia.
The Wrestlers provides Indian food in the high price range. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a place with a moderate price range a rating 1 out of 5 kids-friendly and close to Express by Holiday Inn
Green Man is a family-friendly restaurant specializing in spaghetti and spirits, located near All Bar One.
The Cricketers is a coffee-shop style restaurant that offers Indian food.  Located near The Portland Arms, it is not family friendly and receives low customer ratings.
The Punter is a coffee shop with Indian food and a moderate price Range. It has a customer Rating, 1 out of 5, is kid Friendly, near Café Sicilia.
Nearby Café Rouge is an American pub named The Plough that offers low prices and welcomes families.
A gastro pub named The Golden Palace is located near the river and Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
The Rice Boat is near Rainbow Vegetarian Café. It has a high price range and customer rating of 1 out of 5.
For a moderately priced meal there's The Mill coffee shop in the city centre near The Sorrento.
The Mill Italian pub has food in the £20-25 price range. It is in the riverside area.
The Rice Boat, an Indian food restaurant has low customer ratings. They are located in city centre and are family friendly.
The Rice Boat provides Indian food It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is low.
A riverside, English pub, The Waterman has a low rating.
The Dumpling Tree is a children friendly, Italian pub near The Portland Arms.
Strada is a family restaurant with dishes that will meet your liking and wallet will like you to.
The Rice Boat serves Chinese food and is located in the riverside area.
Japanese food served at The Cambridge Blue restaurant has a 3 out of 5 rating.
The Rice Boat by the riverside is rated five out five by customers. It has above average prices and is located close to Express by Holiday Inn.
The Waterman, is a highly rated, inexpensive city centre Chinese restaurant. It is not family friendly.
The Waterman has a high customer rating serving fast food in city centre aimed towards adults with a price range of £20-25.
Strada has an  average customer review and a price list of less than £20 but no children catered for.
The Eagle is a coffee shop, friendly with the families, with prices less than 20 for the Italian food. It is situated near Burger King, ,riverside, and it has a low rating.
Located in the city centre near The Waterman, is a high priced Italian restaurant. It's in the high price range, has an average rating and is children friendly.
Fitzbillies is near Express by Holiday Inn. It has a moderate price range and a 3 out of 5 rating.
A pub in riverside near Café Sicilia with a 1 out of 5 rating is The Twenty Two.
The pub called The Vaults has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 for moderate price food. It is near Café Adriatic
Near Express by Holiday Inn in riverside area you can get English food in cheap family friendly place called The Rice Boat. It is Customer rated 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a child friendly Japanese coffee shop, located in the city centre. It is of an average price range and is highly rated by customers.
Browns Cambridge provides Indian food in the more than £30 price range. Its customer rating is high.
Browns Cambridge English food near The Sorrento near riverside for adults only.
The Waterman has no food for less than £20 other than French toast which can be sold near the riverside where the rating is not low.
The Golden Curry is a restaurant providing high priced food.  The restaurant is children friendly and is near The Bakers.
Located near Ranch, child friendly Cotto provides fast food with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a moderate priced Indian coffee shop. It is not kid friendly and is in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine.
There is a cheap restaurant called Travellers Rest Beefeater which is family friendly.
Wildwood is a high-price pub serving Japanese food with a 3 out of 5 rating.
The Wrestlers serves Chinese food and the price range is moderate, it is okay but is not child friendly.
Midsummer House is a fast food restaurant near All Bar One. Its customer rating is average and the price range is high.
The Cambridge Blue is an Italian restaurant which has been given a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
A child friendly restaurant that serves English food is Loch Fyne.
The Rice Boat is a  family-friendly restaurant, rated 5 out of 5 points and conveniently located in the city center. It serves English food.
The pub called Zizzi is a one star rated sushi place that is family friendly.
Cotto is a more than £30 price range place located in riverside near All Bar One.
Sited near the Thames, Giraffe is an adult only pub serving English food.
There is a family friendly coffee shop by the riverside near Burger King called The Eagle which has an average customer rating and is family friendly with price of less than £20
A coffee shop that serves French food called Cocum, it is kid friendly and has a rating or 3 out of 5, its a coffee shop and meals range from £20-25.
The Olive Grove pub serves Italian meals for under £20. It is family-friendly and located in the city centre.
Alimentum and Yippee Noodle Bar are fast food restaurant located north of the City center.
The Olive Grove pub  is a high priced restaurant serving Indian food,is children friendly, and is located in the riverside area.
The Clowns coffee shop near Clare Hall in the city centre serves Fast food and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Rice Boat serves Indian food for 20-25 euros, it is kid friendly and highly rated it's nearby to the Express by Holiday Inn at the city centre.
The Cambridge Blue is pub that provide English food near Café Brazil and the price is moderate
Serving cheap, average rated Indian food in riverside is a not family friendly coffee shop called Fitzbillies.
You can find an average Japanese restaurant in the city center called The Waterman that is family-friendly and costs less than £20.
Alimentum  is a restaurant that serves Indian food , but the price range is high , the area where it is located is in the city centre , and they're not friendly with children.
Near Express by Holiday Inn, in the Riverside area, The Rice Boat serves Italian food but is not children friendly, it has a high price range but a low customer rating.
Near the Yippee Noodle Bar is a 5star English pub called Strada.
Aromi, an Italian coffee shop, is a one star family friendly venue located near the river.
For less than £20, Blue Spice serves English food in riverside.
Located in city centre, The Phoenix has a high customer rating and serves Chinese food in a price range of £20-25.
Riverside has some fine dining near Café Adriatic, it's called Travellers Rest Beefeater and it's also cost effective.
If you are searching for a great place to go, Zizzi is rated 5 out of 5 by customers. It is a Japanese food pub that is not family-friendly.
Blue Spice is a Café by the riverside, with cheap prices.
Cocum is a pub with a high price range.  The customer rating is 3 out of 5.  It is not child friendly.
The Rice Boat is a child friendly fast food place near Express by Holiday Inn. It is in the city center and has a high price range and an average rating.
Near The Portland Arms is a pub named The Dumpling Tree. This place serves French cuisine and is not Family-friendly.
There is a moderate price range, Japanese coffee shop called Cocum, that has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and is not kids friendly.
The Olive Grove is a moderately priced pub serving English food located in the Riverside area.
The Golden Curry fast food restaurant is child friendly but has a low customer rating. It can be found on the riverside, near Café Rouge.
The Rice Boat is a Japanese restaurant with high ratings and is family-friendly. Located in the city centre.
The Wrestlers serve Indian food that is cheap, it is family friendly, and rated five out of five.
Cocum is a French restaurant with an average customer rating costing less than £20, is a family friendly coffee shop.
Giraffe is a coffee shop providing take a service the high price range. It is located near The Bakers. <NEWLINE>   This coffee shop is a high customer rating
Browns Cambridge is a low rated, family friendly coffee shop serving Italian food near Crown Plaza Hotel in riverside.
The Mill is a pub located at riverside. It offers English food in the cheap price range.
With average customer ratings, the Strada pub features Indian food and is located near the Yippee Noodle Bar.
A pub style restaurant is located near Café Adriatic named The Vaults. It has low prices and an average customer rating.
The Wrestlers, located in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine, is a kid-friendly coffee shop serving French food. Prices are in the £20-25 range.
Located in city centre, an Italian restaurant called The Phoenix has low customer ratings.
The Zizzi, a coffee shop in Riverside, has a 1 out of 5 customer rating, a high price range, and is family friendly.
The Rice Boat is in the city center, near the Express by Holiday Inn. They are family-friendly with English food less than £20 and have a low customer rating.
The Eagle located near Burger King serves cheap coffee shop fast food.  It has a 5 out of 5 rating but not family-friendly.
The Wildwood pub serves cheap Chinese food and has an average customer rating.
The Rice Boat is a family friendly restaurant located at the centre of the city, near the Express by Holiday Inn. Highly priced, this restaurant is rated 1 out of 5.
The Rice Boat is a one star rated restaurant close to the Express by Holiday Inn. It is family friendly and in the higher price range.
A restaurant called Travellers Rest Beefeater offers a kid-friendly environment and has an average price range.
Customers are prepared to pay above average for Italian food at the Cotto which has an excellent reputation. It is near The Portland Arms at the riverside and is a coffee shop.
Cocum, a family-friendly restaurant, has attained low customer ratings.
Fitzbillies is a high cost fast food restaurant located near The Six Bells.
The Rice Boat is a restaurant providing Japanese food. It is located in the city centre.
The Olive Grove pub serves Indian cuisine, though the price range is higher than average it is child friendly and located in the city centre.
The Wrestlers located near Raja Indian Cuisine in riverside is a high prices but child friendly Japanese coffee shop.
In the riverside area near Burger King there is a coffee shop called The Eagle that serves French food costing more than £30. It is not children friendly and has a customer rating of five out of five.
Aromi is a pub located in the riverside area. It has an average rating and is not family-friendly.
There is a Chinese restaurant called Browns Cambridge that is more than £30 and is highly rated.
An Italian Food place that is kids friendly with a customer rating 3 out of 5 and is a moderate price range. The Rice Boat is in the city centre near Express by Holiday Inn.
The Waterman is a 3-star, family friendly restaurant located in City centre.
There's a cheap pub The Cambridge Blue near Café Brazil.
Loch Fyne is a children friendly fast food restaurant.
The Golden Curry is a French restaurant located near The Bakers.  It is family friendly and a little higher than average priced.
If you are looking for a coffee ship in the riverside area visit Cotto . Cotto also serves fantastic English Foods at a medium price. You will find it near The Portland Arms.
Browns Cambridge is a high rated restaurant with reasonable prices.
Browns Cambridge has a high price range and a 1 out of 5 rating.
Blue Spice is a family-friendly restaurant in the price range below £20. It is located in riverside. However, it does have low customer rating; be cautious.
The Golden Curry provides Indian food in the high price range. It is near The Bakers.
The Phoenix restaurant has a 3 out of 5 rating.
The Golden Palace is an expensive restaurant.
The Rice Boat is a Japanese restaurant with a 5 out of 5 customer review rating. It is great for families with very cheap prices. It is located in the riverside area near Express by Holiday Inn.
The Phoenix is an Italian restaurant that is centrally located in the city. It has an average customer rating and is moderately priced.
The Golden Curry is a French restaurant with low rate. This restaurant is for the whole family.
Fast food joint, The Vaults, is family friendly and cheap.
The Cricketers, a family friendly eatery has an average customer rating, is also a coffee shop located near The Portland Arms
Alimentum is a highly rated Chinese restaurant costing over £30. It's by the river, near Yippee Noodle Bar.
The Cambridge Blue is a Japanese restaurant with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Indian restaurant called The Cambridge Blue has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop offering Italian food at a moderate price range. It is children friendly and located in the city centre.
The Wrestlers is a French coffee shop in the area of riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine with a moderate price range and is not kid friendly.
Fitzbillies is near Express by Holiday Inn  with a high customer rating in the £20 - £25 price range but it is not child friendly
Alimentum is low-priced and provides breakfast. It is located near Yippee Noodle Bar.
The Eagle has a moderate price range and is on the riverside. The customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Cocum is a child friendly coffee shop serving Italian food in the £20 to £25 price range with a high customer rating
The Wrestlers is a 1 out of 5 Italian food restaurant that has a high price range and isn't friendly to children.
The Waterman is located in city centre and is kids friendly.
For less than £20 you can eat Japanese food at The Dumpling Tree restaurant.
In the riverside area, there is a pub which offers Indian food. The name is the Green Man, and it's located near the Café Rouge.
Bibimbap House is a Japanese restaurant with a price range of less than £20. It is in the city centre near Clare Hall.
The Cambridge Blue is a restaurant providing French food. The customer rating is 3 out of 5.
Strada It is not for the whole family, rated 1 star, their prices are cheap, It is next to Rainbow Vegetarian Café
Wildwood restaurant is family friendly.
While the serving French food restaurant The Golden Curry has a 5 out of 5 in customer ratings it is not family-friendly.
The Rice Boat in riverside is a Japanese restaurant near Express by Holiday Inn.  Child friendly with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 but a price range of more than £30.
The Eagle is a Fast food restaurant with a 3 out of 5 customer rating.
Aromi is a coffee shop that serves Indian food with a rating of 1 out of 5 in the riverside area and is child friendly.
Blue Spice in the city centre serve French food and is less than £20.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop providing Japanese food in the moderate price range. It is located in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine adults only
Strada is a cheap family friendly Italian restaurant near Rainbow Vegetarian Café with an average customer rating.
The Rice Boat, a family-friendly establishment by the Express by Holiday Inn in the City Centre, offers stunning Italian dishes for £30 or more
Strada is a moderate-priced restaurant near Rainbow Vegetarian Café that serves Indian food.
Near Café Adriatic there's a low rating £30 price range pub named The Vaults.
Blue Spice is kid-friendly and located on the riverside. It's highly rated and has an average price range of £20-25.
Moderately priced, The Golden Curry serves up Chinese food in this  dining choice near  The Bakers.  This restaurant is not  kid friendly.
The Green Man is a restaurant along the river.
The Waterman is a restaurant providing French food less than £20 price range. The Waterman is  located in the city centre.
In the city centre is a family-friendly French coffee shop called Fitzbillies. It is less £20 and has an average customer rating.
A  restaurant named Blue Spice is located in the city centre area and is not family-friendly. It has a low customer rating with a price range of less then £20.
Fitzbillies is a Japanese coffee shop in the riverside area. It has moderate prices, is not kids friendly, and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Near the Riverside is an average rated family friendly coffee shop called Zizzi which cost less than £20
The Golden Curry near Café Rouge in the city center is  rated average  and family-friendly. They provide Japanese food.
The adult oriented Japanese coffee shop Fitzbillies is located on the riverside. Rated 3 out of 5 and averagely priced.
There is a Chinese pub called The Mill in the riverside area. It ranges over  £30.
The Plough near The Bakers is a moderately priced child friendly restaurant.
You can find Japanese food in the Riverside area at The Rice Boat.
The Rice Boat is a moderately priced French restaurant near the Express by Holiday Inn in the city centre.  It has a customer rating of 1 our of 5 and is not kid friendly.
High quality, high prices, but no highchairs - Fitzbillies is an expensive Italian coffee shop on the riverside. Just don't bring Junior.
In the riverside area, there is a Fast food restaurant called The Rice Boat
The Waterman is a Chinese restaurant. the price range is less than £20.
Looking for a French coffee shop near the Crowne Plaza Hotel in riverside. Try Browns Cambridge. It received a 5 out of 5, but it's not family-friendly.
Near the riverside and Café Brazil, is  a coffee shop named The Vaults which has a moderate price range and a customer rating of one out of five.
Giraffe is a family friendly pub near the city centre that serves Indian Dishes.
Cocum is a cheap coffee shop that sells French food. its has been rated 5 out of 5 by customers, however it isn't family-friendly
Sat on the Riverside, Fitzbillies is a moderately priced coffee shop serving A French menu.  With a poor 1 out of 5 customer rating, it is also not recommended for children.
The Phoenix is located in the riverside area. It serves cheap Indian food and has an average customer rating.
Loch Fyne is a good Fast food restaurant.
The Twenty Two in riverside is kid friendly and serves Japanese food.
There is a venue called Blue Spice. It is located in riverside that serves cheap English food.
The Plough  is  The Bakers restaurant with high price range
The Wrestlers coffee shop is a great place to bring your kids and is not far from Raja Indian Cuisine
Browns Cambridge is a low rated coffee shop near the Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area. This establishment is not family-friendly.
The Mill is a fast food pub in riverside that has a high price range.
Near Rainbow Vegetarian Café is a family friendly Chinese restaurant called Strada. It has a very low customer rating with high prices.
Japanese is The Waterman pub riverside.
The customer rating of Browns Cambridge was high charging more than 30 pounds.
There is  a kid friendly well liked coffee shop named The Eagle near Burger King in Riverside that sells Japanese food at an average price.
I visited a coffee shop called The Golden Palace that served Japanese food in the city centre for a moderate price. It wasn't very good though; it's reviews are only 1 out of 5 stars.
Browns Cambridge is a Japanese coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is located at riverside, is not family-friendly, and has a low customer rating.
Visit the one-star pub, The Waterman, located at the riverside.
Strada is an Indian pub near Yippee Noodle Bar with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Adult establishment Fitzbillies, rated 3 out of 5 by customers, can be found near Express by Holiday Inn for £20-25.
Located near The Bakers, The Golden Curry is a child friendly establishment serving French food at mid range prices.
Cotto is a Japanese coffee shop that has been rated 3 out of 5 with a price range of £20-25. It is located in the city centre near The Portland Arms.
A riverside restaurant, The Golden Palace, has a 1 out of 5 customer rating.
Bibimbap House offers Fast food and is in the riverside area located near The Rice Boat.
Wildwood coffee shop is located near The Ranch. It has low prices and a rating of 1 out of 5.
The Plough is a family friendly pub costing less than £20 serving Fast food near Café Rouge
The Waterman offers a cheap cost on average rated Italian food. For really cheap costs its a great place to dine with friends, located right in city center.
A pub called The Vaults has a 1 out of 5 customer rating, it has a moderate price range. it is located near Café Adriatic
Zizzi is a 5 out of 5,  non-family-friendly pub that serves Japanese cuisine.
A family friendly coffee shop called Cocum offers cheap Indian food that is rated highly at 5 out of 5
The Golden Curry is a Chinese restaurant with a 5 out of 5 customer rating and is family friendly.
Near Café Rouge in the Riverside area is The Golden Curry, which is family-friendly, serves fast-food and has low customer ratings.
Cocum is a child friendly pub with a 5 out of 5 customer rating with prices more than £30.
Near Express by Holiday Inn, The Rice Boat offers French food in the £20-£25 range, 3 out of 5 customer rating, not family-friendly.
For inexpensive  fast food. visit The Cambridge Blue pub situated by Café Brazil.
The Mill is a Japanese pub located in riverside with a price of 20 to 25 pounds.
For an Italian meal, head for The Mill public house located in the city centre.  This is a higher priced establishment.
The Vaults is a reasonably priced, 3-star coffee shop located near Café Brazil by the river.
The Rice Boat near Rainbow Vegetarian Café is cheap and averagely rated.
Near Clare Hall in riverside is a coffee shop that serves French food called Clowns. The rating is 5 out of 5.
The Phoenix is located in the city center, they have a 3 star rating and high priced food.
The Golden Palace is a modest price Range coffee shop that serves Japanese food. it has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and is in the riverside area.
Adult oriented Cocum, serves Japanese food at cheap prices and comes highly recommended as a coffee shop.
In the centre of the city is a coffee shop called Zizzi.  Not family-friendly and average customer ratings the prices are less than £20.
The Mill pub located by the riverside serves English food for under £20.
If you're looking for a family friendly English restaurant near the Crowne Plaza Hotel, go to The Waterman.
The Golden Curry has an average rating serves Italian food. It is child friendly.
A coffee shop named Fitzbillies that is not family-friendly is located in the city centre area. It has cheap Japanese food and a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Located near Yippee Noodle Bar in the city centre, Alimentum is a Japanese restaurant with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 and cheap price range.
This restaurant with a low Customer Rating: The Rice Boat, is a family-friendly establishment and located at City Centre.
Cotto is a coffee shop located on the riverside near The Portland Arms. It has an average customer rating. It offers cheap Indian food.
Near The Portland Arms, There's a kid-friendly French pub, called The Dumpling Tree.
For fine dining, check out Browns Cambridge, a fast food restaurant with a 3 out of 5 customer rating
Wildwood is a highly priced, 5 out of 5 star French restaurant
To get good food there is The Mill coffee shop near The Sorrento
The Punter is a family coffee shop with Italian food with high prices but also an average rating, its close to Café Sicilia
A  pub with French food  is near the Yippee Noodle Bar with the name of Strada. its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
Cotto is a premium priced venue in the riverside area near All Bar One.
Near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café is a French place called Strada. You're likely to pay more than £30 per serving, the customer ratings are low, and you can't bring the whole family so it's not recommended.
The Wrestlers serves English food priced from 20-25. This is not a kid friendly restaurant and has a high customer rating.
The Phoenix is a one star rated fast food service.
Alimentum is a family-friendly French food place located in city centre with a price range less than £20.
The Wrestlers is a non family-friendly coffee shop in the riverside. It is located near to Raja Indian Cuisine and serves fast food for less than £20.
Bibimbap House is a fairly inexpensive wine tasting restaurant that is located near the Clare Hall.
Loch Fyne is a low priced restaurant which serves wine and cheese. Not family friendly.
The Vaults serve wine and cheese restaurant that is in the higher price range.
Located near the Ranch,  Cotto is the perfect Chinese food restaurant and ideal for children, given their high customer rating.
Cotto a Chinese cuisine with average customer rating is near Ranch and also family friendly.
The Vaults is a very cheap restaurant that is family friendly.
The Golden Curry does not serve families, but they are a 5 out of 5 restaurant that serves English.
In the riverside area is located a high rating restaurant called The Golden Palace.
The Cambridge Blue is a sushi food pub for dinner, it's close to Café Brazil and is a mid-price place. Join us.
At the riverside stands Aromi kids-friendly pub  high rated.
The family friendly Japanese riverside restaurant near The Sorrento is called Browns Cambridge.
Wildwood, It is a coffee shop 1 star, It is in Ranch, its price is high cost
A restaurant in the riverside are with a price range of more than L30, the Blue Spice offers Italian cuisine.
The Plough is a restaurant serving pastas and wines in the medium price range. It is located near Café Rouge.
Cotto is the place to eat the best Hot Dogs and Burger and where your children can play, is an average place near Ranch
The Rice Boat is an Indian food restaurant, no children Friendly, with high price Range and 1 out of 5 customer Rating. located in riverside near Express by Holiday Inn.
You can find Chinese food for less than £20 in the city centre at Blue Spice.
Loch Fyne is a restaurant providing sushi in the low price range. It is located near The Rice Boat.
With an average price range of £20-25, enjoy French food  at the kid friendly Green Man. We are located in the riverside area near All Bar One.
There is an Italian coffee shop called Fitzbillies by the river which is family friendly and moderately priced.
The Eagle serves English food.  It has an average customer rating.
The Eagle is a kid friendly Italian coffee shop in riverside.  It's near Burger King.  It's expensive and gets average customer ratings.
The Eagle is a cheap, family-friendly, Italian coffee shop near Burger King, in riverside, with an average customer rating.
The Waterman is a Chinese restaurant located on a riverside with a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It has a cheap price range and is not family friendly.
Strada is a children friendly Japanese restaurant located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café with a 5 out of 5 star rating with a price range of more than 30 Euros.
There's a Chinese restaurant with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 called The Rice Boat.  It's located in the riverside area and is not suitable for adults.
Zizzi is a family-friendly pub with average customer ratings. It serves Japanese food.
The Green Man serves Italian food and is located near All Bar One in the city centre. They are non family-friendly, and have a price range of less than £20.
The Phoenix is a moderately priced restaurant that serves Italian food.  This  experience received a 1 out of 5 review, in the Riverside area.
Located riverside near Café Adriatic is Travellers Rest Beefeater. Their price range is £20-25 and have a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Rice Boat near Express by Holiday Inn in the city centre is an average Japanese family-friendly restaurant. It cost less than 20 euros.
Located near The Portland Arms, The Cricketers is a kid friendly coffee shop styled joint that sells Indian food. Customers have rated the establishment a 1 out of 5.
The Waterman is situated 1 mile from the town centre and is accessible by all means of public transport, it is not family friendly, this is not because we don't like children, it is purely that we wish for our adult audience to take time out to relax and have time to them selves.
come for a coffee and some Indian food without the kids for low prices near Burger King in the city centre, we are The Eagle.
There is a cheap pub Wildwood located in the centre of the city that provides sushi.
For a high priced pub near Café Adriatic, try The Vaults. They have an average customer rating.
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing Indian food in the cheap price range. It is located in the city centre. It is near Burger King. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
A Japanese coffee shop called The Punter is not kid friendly.  It is near Café Sicilia, low rated, and costs more than £30.
Located in the city centre, Fitzbillies is a coffee shop offering cheaply priced French food and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.  It is not family-friendly.
Alimentum serves French food in the city centre for £20-25. It has an average customer rating of 3 out of 5 and is located near Yippee Noodle Bar.
Near riverside and Café Rouge, The Golden Curry is a Japanese restaurant that is not family-friendly. It has an average customer rating.
The Golden Palace is a low-price coffee Shop that is  located in City centre
for Fast food go down near The Portland Arms as there is a child friendly coffee shop called The Cricketers with high customer ratings
In the city centre there is a place called The Phoenix which serves Japanese food for £20-25, it has a high customer rating
Another great riverside pub is the Green Man. Its located near Café Rouge, so its an easy commute . Whenever my friends and I desire some great Italian food, The Green Man, is our place to go.
The Waterman is not suitable for families but offers a reasonably priced menu.
There is a coffee shop and dine in restaurant that is fairly expensive near Ranch that has decent reviews called Wildwood.
There is a children friendly pub serving Japanese food called Zizzi which has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Rice Boat is an English restaurant that receives high ratings, located by the riverside. The Rice Boat is also great for the kids.
The Golden Curry is a family friendly one star rated wine bar.
The children friendly English restaurant is called Loch Fyne
The Golden Palace is a great coffee shop that serves French food. They can be found in city centre where the prices ranges are moderate. The customer rating is currently at a 1 out of 5.
You can find Browns Cambridge by the riverside, near Crowne Plaza Hotel. The Italian coffee shop is not family-friendly. Customers gave it an average rating.
the price is high to eat at a restaurant with an average customer rating called Taste of Cambridge.
Yes there is a child friendly place serving English food, it's called The Vaults and has a price range of £30.
Loch Fyne is an Indian restaurant in riverside near The Rice Boat. It has a high customer rating.
Loch Fyne is low customer rated restaurant . It is located in The Rice Boat.
Strada is a cheap French food restaurant located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café and has low customer rating.
Down the road from Café Rouge is the 5-Star sushi restaurant Midsummer House.
Browns Cambridge is a fast food eatery near The Sorrento in the city centre. They are family-friendly.
The Golden Curry is not family friend, it serves French food and has a low customer rating.  It is based in the city centre near Café Rouge.
Located near The Six Bells, Fitzbillies offers cheap English food.
Browns Cambridge is located at the riverside near The Sorrento. They serve French food, and it is not a child friendly establishment.
Reasonably priced English food is found in Bibimbap House, near Clare Hall in the riverside area.
Near All Bar One there is a high priced restaurant named Midsummer House
The Rice Boat is not family-friendly, that's serves Japanese with a low customer rating near City Centre.
Kid friendly, The Twenty Two serves Chinese foods.
The Wrestlers is high costing child Friendly Fast food restaurant rating 1 out 5
Near The Portland Arms is a French coffee shop named The Cricketers that has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 and is not family-friendly.
Wildwood is a coffee shop serving Italian food. It has a price range of £20-25, and is highly rated by customers. It's located near Ranch,
Strada is a medium priced fast food family friendly restaurant in the city centre near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
In riverside near Café Sicilia is a pub called The Twenty Two that has a high customer rating.
Blue Spice offers Chinese food for an average price in Riverside.
In the city centre is Zizzi a kids friendly coffee shop with moderate prices and a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Punter is a coffee shop that serves Indian food that is in the low price range. It has a low customer rating, is family friendly, and is near Café Sicilia.
Loch Fyne is an adequate for family restaurant that serves all kinds of food.
Riverside has a moderately priced coffee shop named Fitzbillies.  They serve Japanese food and are kid-friendly.  The customer rating is 1 out of 5.
A non kid friendly Indian Pub near Café Rouge in a moderate price range is The Plough.
With a price range of £20-25 and a high customer rating, Fitzbilies coffee shop offers French food. They are not kid friendly and are located in the riverside area.
Giraffe is a kids friendly Japanese pub restaurant riverside located
The Bibimbap House in center city near Clare Hall offers French food for more than f30 a meal.
There is a fast food restaurant with a high customer rating called The Cambridge Blue.
In the riverside, there is the Fitzbillies, a non-children friendly highly rated expensive coffee shop that serves Japanese food.
The Rice Boat is a one star restaurant offers Chinese food. It's located next to the river.
Aromi is a sushi restaurant that is family friendly. It received three out of five stars
The Eagle coffee shop, near Burger King, is a family friendly, average priced restaurant with a three star rating.
The Golden Curry is a Italian restaurant in the city centre near Café Rouge. It is not family-friendly and has a low customer rating.
An average-priced restaurant that sells French food is The Punter.
From £30 you can dine at The Wrestlers, which is a highly rated Italian restaurant.
There is an expensive fast food restaurant  called Browns Cambridge.
Located in riverside Alimentum offers Italian food . price range more an £30. Highly rated easy to find near the Yippee Noodle Bar.
Cocum is a family friendly Italian coffee shop with a cheap price range and a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
There is a family-friendly, Japanese coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel in city centre named Taste of Cambridge.
The Eagle that serves French food has a high customer rating.
Near Rainbow Vegetarian Café is a restaurant named The Rice Boat. This restaurant has a price range of over 30 Euros and a low customer rating.
Giraffe is a restaurant near The Six Bells which is cheap.
The Eagle is a coffee shop serving French food close to Burger King near the river. It is not family friendly and has a rating of 1 out of 5. The price range is low.
Located in the riverside area is the restaurant Zizzi which has a typical price range of above £30
Fitzbillies has a price range of more than 30 euros and is located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
Near Café Brazil is an expensive Chinese Pub called The Cambridge Blue.
The Giraffe pub serves hamburgers and French fries. They are located on the riverfront, near the City centre.
The Rice Boat provides Indian food in the moderate price range. It is located in the city centre. It is near Express by Holiday Inn. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge is a fast food family-friendly restaurant centre near The Sorrento. It is located in the city centre.
Green Man is a low priced restaurant across from All Bar One.
The Dumpling Tree is a child friendly coffee shop with a high price range near Café Sicilia in riverside.
In the city centre there is this place called The Waterman. It has a low customer rating but it is family friendly and you can get Indian food for less than £20.
The Olive Grove is a riverside pub that serves Indian food for a moderate price.   It is not kid friendly.
Fitzbillies is cheap, family friendly and near the Express by Holiday Inn. It scored 5 out of 5 in customer ratings
The Phoenix along the riverside sells Italian food and has average ratings
The Rice Boat is located by the Express by Holiday Inn that has expensive, Italian food, with a rating of 1 out of 5, and is child friendly
The Waterman is located just outside the city centre next to the river and offers British food at a good price for all the family.
Strada fast food, located near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café,  offers a moderately priced and child friendly menu.  Customer rating 1 out of 5.
The customer rating for this next pub restaurant Clowns only scores a 3 out of 5 rating, but the prices are moderate and it is located in the trendy Riverside area of town.
There is an averagely priced pub called The Vaults near to Café Adriatic with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Midsummer House is a fast food place with a low customer rating. It is near Café Rouge.
Blue Spice is inexpensive, but although it is family friendly, the reviews are average. Located by the riverside area.
Fitzbillies is an inexpensive, five star, family-friendly coffee shop that is located in City Centre, on the river.
Located in the riverside area, The Wrestlers, offers Italian flare in a coffee shop setting and is kid friendly. It is near Raja Indian Cuisine and is a bit on the pricey side.
The moderately-priced The Waterman can be found in the city centre. You can order Japanese food there, but leave the kids at home because it is not kid-friendly. The Waterman has a rating of 1 out of 5.
Located in riverside, Aromi pub has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and is children friendly.
Cocum, a fast food coffee shop, is fairly expensive and received an average customer rating.
You can find cheap, French food with a family friendly atmosphere at Alimentum, located in the riverside area.
The Olive Grove is a child-friendly pub that serves Chinese food. They are located near Riverside and have higher than average prices.
Did you hear about the children friendly French restaurant near The Bakers, it is called The Golden Curry and its price range is more than £30.
The Phoenix is a cheap Japanese restaurant in the city centre.
With a 1 out of 5 customer rating and a high price range, Fitzbillies is a good choice for an Indian cuisine coffee shop that rejects a familial atmosphere.
With a 5 out of 5 rating, Cocum is a cheap, family-friendly, French coffee shop.
An adults-only pub called The Olive Grove serves Japanese food with a price range of less than £20 pounds located in the riverside area.
A family friendly restaurant called The Aromi is located in Riverside serves Japanese, and has an average customer rating.
Cocum is a coffee shop which serves fast food. It has a low customer rating of 1 out of 5, is not children friendly and is in the high price range.
With a 5 out 5 customer rating, Wildwood is a cheap English pub.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop that is rated 1 star of a possible 5 that serves Italian meals. It is not family friendly and is located by the Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is also located by the river.
Strada is a family friendly highly related Indian restaurant that costs more than 30 euro's. It is located near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
The Cricketers is a coffee shop providing Indian food It is near The Portland Arms. Its customer rating is high.
The Mill pub located at the riverside there is  French at less than  £20 price Range .
Near Café Sicilia, The Punter is an adult only coffee shop serving French food with high prices and ratings.
Located in the city centre, Green Man is moderately priced and kid friendly.
The Phoenix serves French food in the riverside area. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
There is a Japanese food restaurant called The Punter
The Waterman is an low price English food restaurant rated 5 out of 5 by customers, with a family-friendly ambient, by the riverside.
For less than £20, Blue Spice is a restaurant by the riverside, however is not family-friendly and has a low customer rating.
The Wrestlers is not child friendly, but has a 5-Star rating for Japanese food.
Fitzbillies coffee shop offers sushi and a low-cost menu. It is family friendly.
The Twenty Two is a fast food restaurant that is family friendly.
Alimentum, rated 5 out of 5, is a Japanese restaurant where you can eat for more than £30. It is located in the city centre near Yippee Noodle Bar.
A five out of five customer rating and cheap prices are found at Alimentum, an Indian eatery in the city centre near the Yippee Noodle Bar.
Clowns is a family-friendly place out by Café Sicilia. It's usually under 20.
The Wrestlers Japanese coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre has a price range of less than £20 and is not family-friendly.
While not a place to bring children, Cocum is a coffee shop with an Indian menu. Its rating from customers are average and the menu items are quite high in price.
The Japanese restaurant The Waterman is located in Riverside.  It is a moderately priced, kid friendly establishment, and as a 1 out of 5 rating with customers.
Loch Fyne restaurant is for the whole family that offers breakfast meals with low price range
In the city centre, near Burger King, you can find the French coffee shop The Eagle. It is mot kid friendly however provides reasonably priced food ranging from £20-25 and boasts a rating of 3 out of 5.
Near Café Rouge is a children friendly pub that serves English food for a moderate price called The Plough.
Cocum is a family friendly coffee shop. They offer drink at a reasonable price and have been rated three stars.
The French place near Ranch is called Cotto. It has an average customer rating and is kid friendly.
There is a restaurant, called The Plough, that is not children friendly, near The Bakers, it costs more then 30 pounds.
An average rated pub that serves English food is Zizzi; it is not family-friendly.
Loch Fyne is an expensive dine-in restaurant that is family friendly.
The Waterman is a child-friendly restaurant. The only thing is that it is somewhat pricey.
Near Café Rouge, The Plough is an Italian pub with a reasonable price. It is not child friendly.
The Rice Boat is an adult oriented fast food restaurant with a low customer rating, located in the riverside area.
With 3 out of 5 customers ratings, Alimentum, near Yippee Noodle Bar, in riverside, is a great place to get excellent French food. The above average price is worth it for the excellent food and great service.
Giraffe is a children friendly coffee shop with an average customer rating located near The Bakers.
The Rice Boat is a family-friendly low rated family-friendly restaurant located in the city centre area by the Express by Holiday Inn
The Waterman, a city center Italian restaurant, boasts a peaceful, child-free atmosphere and has a 5 out of 5 rating.
Strada is a pub near Yippee Noodle Bar that serves fast food, it has a high customer rating.
The Eagle is a trendy coffee shop with about average ratings. They offer higher priced fast food items. This is an adult only establishment. It is located in the city centre near the Burger King.
The Golden Palace is a average French restaurant located in Riverside where you can have coffee and the food is less than £20.
Situated in the city centre near The Rice Boat, The Twenty Two lives up to its high rating. It is kids friendly and priced at 20-25 pounds a dish.
Near The Sorrento in the riverside area, there is a family friendly pub called Taste of Cambridge.
The Wrestlers is burger joint that is rated five stars. It is high-priced and accessible for families.
There's a family friendly pub serving Chinese food called Zizzi.  It's customer rating is low.
Cotto is an Italian eatery located near Café Rouge.
The Rice Boat has a variety of low-priced menu options located by Express by Holiday Inn.
Taste of Cambridge is a coffee shop near Crown Plaza Hotel in Riverside. It is considered to be fast food and children are welcome.
The Alimentum is a fast food place that is not child friendly in the city center area with a high price range.
There is a Fast food restaurant named The Vaults with prices more than £30 and is not child friendly.
The Golden Curry offers Indian food and is located in the riverside area near Café Rouge. It has a low customer rating and is not family friendly.
The Dumpling Tree is a French restaurant costing more than £30.
The Punter is a coffee shop providing moderately priced Indian food. It is near Café Sicilia, has a moderate customer rating and is not kid friendly.
The Rice Boat with a price range of over £30 and high customer ratings is near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
Bibimbap House is a place located on the riverside near Clare Hall. It offers Indian food for less than  £20.
Alimentum is a restaurant located in the city centre area near Yippee Noodle Bar. It has Italian food and a customer rating of 1 out of 5 with a high price range.
In Riverside, is Aromi, they serve English food.
In the city centre area near Clare Hall is, Bibimbap House. Serving Chinese for a moderate price.
The Cricketers, a family friendly pub near Ranch has received a high customer rating.
The Waterman is an Indian of moderate price in the riverside area. It was a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and is not kids friendly.
In the area of City centre near The Rice Boat  there is Loch Fyne that serves fast food that has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Punter servers averagely priced Japanese food
An Italian restaurant near The Rice Boat in centre city is called Bibimbap House.
The Phoenix is a restaurant in the city center with an average customer rating that serves high-priced English food.
The Portland Arms has a great way to eat with its affordable coffee shop, The Cotto.
Zizzi is a Fast food pub which is not family-friendly and a customer rating of 5.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop which serves moderate priced French food near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area.
There is a moderately priced kid friendly pub in the riverside area called The Olive Grove that serves English food.
The Waterman is a Fast food restaurant in riverside with a moderate price range, and rating of 3 out of 5. and yes also kids friendly.
The Rice Boat is in the riverside area near Express by Holiday Inn. They are not kid friendly and serve moderate priced Indian food rated 1 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a fast food place, coffee shop with a high price range and has an average customer rating.
The Golden Curry is a children friendly Japanese restaurant situated on the riverside, near Café Rouge. It has been rated as average by its customers.
The Phoenix in the city centre has a 3 out of 5 rating, which sells fast food at a moderate price.
The Rice Boat is a restaurant offering Chinese food and has an average rating. It is child friendly and is located at a riverside.
The Phoenix serves Indian food in the riverside area for more than £30 and has a high customer rating.
The Golden Curry has a 3 out of 5 customer rating and is kid friendly and serves fast food.
There is a Italian coffee shop called the Cotto that has a customer rating that is high and a price range more than £30.  It is located in the riverside area near The Portland Arms.
Near the Express by Holiday Inn is a Japanese restaurant named The Rice Boat. The atmosphere is very family friendly and has a reasonable price range of thirty and up.
Fitzbillies coffee shop is family friendly and located next to the river and is 3 star
The Punter coffee shop, near Café Sicilia, serve Japanese food, have a 3 out of 5 customer rating, are not kid friendly, and have a price range of £20-25.
There is a kids friendly Japanese restaurant  The Golden Curry with the customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a moderately priced coffee shop in the riverside area that sells Indian food and has a moderate customer rating, it isn't kid friendly however.
Located near Café Brazil in the city centre, The Vaults is a highly rated coffee shop in the £20-25 price range.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is a high priced venue near Café Adriatic in the centre of the city with a customer rating of 3 out of 5
English food Café Strada  is located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café. Strada is cheap and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Aromi a Japanese restaurant situated by the riverside.
the a rating of 5 out of 5 The Rice Boat serves Japanese food and is kid friendly
There is a cheap coffee shop located near the river that has five stars.  It's called The Golden Palace.
children friendly The Cricketers coffee Shop serves Italian food with a customer rating of 1 out of 5,near The Portland Arms
Alimentum is a five star, expensive restaurant located in the City centre near Yippee Noodle Bar.
The Wrestlers is a highly rated English venue with a moderately high price range but does not welcome children.
The Green Man, near All Bar One, located in city centre is a kid friendly, English food restaurant with moderate price range.
A restaurant called The Rice Boat in the city centre area is family-friendly. It has Japanese food and a low customer rating.
Fitzbillies is a city centre coffee shop providing Italian food. Price range is high.
A child friendly restaurant that offers Japanese food named Loch Fyne is very high on the pricing
Located near The Portland Arms, The Dumpling Tree is a kid friendly Japanese pub.
Eat for under £25 at the kid friendly Green Man in riverside
Food at The Eagle is outstanding. Featuring English food, we've been given a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The family friendly coffee shop Taste of Cambridge, serving Fast foods too, is located on the riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel
Located near Café Adriatic is The Vaults. This pub type eatery is priced high and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
For cheap fast food in the riverside area, try The Waterman, customer ratings are average but not family-friendly.
A great Japanese coffee shop that is a little expensive but worth it is Cocum.
Alimentum is a family-friendly riverside venue within the low price-range that serves Italian food.
Alimentum is a high-priced restaurant in the city centre that serves Indian food.
The Waterman is an Indian restaurant that is cheap and family friendly.
Clowns is child-friendly and moderately priced. It is located near Café Sicilia.
The Mill is a coffee shop in riverside. It serves French food and has a high price range, it is near The Sorrento
Aromi is a Japanese riverside coffee shop that is both children friendly and rated 3 out of 5 stars by customers.
The Eagle is on the riverside. It costs £20 - £25 to eat there and has been rated 3 out of 5 by customers.
The Eagle provides Chinese food Its customer rating is average.
Located in Café Brazil is the pub The Cambridge Blue which is more expensive.
The Cricketers has a 5 out of 5 rating serving fast food and coffee near The Portland Arms.
Highly rated Indian food can be obtained from a family friendly place named The Golden Curry.
Highly rated French food at The Waterman. Kid friendly from £20-25.
Next to The Sorrento there is  a wine and cheese shop called Browns Cambridge.
English cuisine is served at Cotto near Café Rouge
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop in riverside that is not child friendly. It has a low customer rating and the price range is more than £30.
Blue Spice serves Chinese food, has a moderate price range, and is on the riverside.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop providing Indian food in the high price range. It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is an expensive, high quality restaurant suitable for families.
The Rice Boat is a high rated child friendly restaurant and offers average priced French Food. It is located in the city centre near Express by Holiday Inn.
The coffee shop Cocum offers Indian food in the more than £30.  Cocum has a high customer rating and is not child friendly.
The Strada is a 3 out of 5 Japanese restaurant which is child friendly and low priced located near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
Taste of Cambridge is family-friendly coffee shop specializing in Italian cuisine near the Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre.
Cotto serves Japanese food along with a family friendly atmosphere and 5 out of 5 rating. Located near the Ranch.
The Wrestlers is a moderately priced,  child friendly, fast food establishment with a customer rating of 3 out of 5
Zizzi is a pub of English food that has a high customer rating and kids friendly.
Located in the city centre, Fitzbillies is a French coffee shop offering a family-friendly atmosphere with high prices and low ratings.
Zizzi is a kids-friendly Japanese pub. It is rated 1 out of 5.
Wildwood pub is a low price rated 3 stars
Wildwood pub is a 5 star pub with healthy food and wine.
The Golden Curry is a family friendly restaurant with a three star review.
Blue Spice, located in the riverside area offers fast food for high prices.
Located at the riverside , the is a pub named Giraffe that serves Fast food and a Family friendly place.
A low rated, child friendly pub in the price range of under £20 is called Cocum.
In the city centre, there is a moderately-priced Italian coffee shop named Fitzbillies. It is kid-friendly and customers rated it 3 out of 5.
The Eagle is a Chinese restaurant with an average customer rating
May not be child friendly but Chinese food under £20 is worth it at Loch Fyne
Zizzi is a pub that has Chinese food.  It received a customer rating of 5 out of 5 and is family friendly.
Located at the riverside near Burger King, The Eagle is a fast food coffee shop  with great ratings, and cheap prices. The Eagle offers a quiet setting with no amenities for children.
Loch Fyne is a 3 star Fast food restaurant in Riverside near The Rice Boat.
Zizzi is a child-friendly Chinese food restaurant with an average customer rating.
Fitzbillies is near Express by Holiday Inn. its price range is high, customer rating is 1 out 5 and children are friendly.
Child friendly Strada serves Chinese food near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café .  It receives excellent reviews with meals averaging at £30.
Near All Bar One in city centre is Green Man. With a higher price range, this adult establishment serves fast food.
The children friendly restaurant in the riverside area with an average rating of 3 out of 5 is called Blue Spice. It is average priced around £20-25
Clowns is a riverside pub in the higher-than-average price range. It is rated low by customers.
Midsummer House is near Café Rouge and serves English food. It gets a low customer rating.
Found in the city centre area and with an average customer rating is the restaurant called The Waterman.  Here, they serve Italian cuisine in the cheap price range but is not kid friendly.
The Vaults serves English food with a price range above £30 and is child friendly.
Near the Riverside with poor reviews and a high price sits The Eagle.
The Eagle is located near Burger King, in City centre. It is a cheap coffee shop with a one star rating. It is not family friendly.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop located in the City centre, offering Italian cuisine to its customers. Customer feedback at present currently indicates that it has a low rating compared to other establishments.
Cotto has a price range of less than £20 and is located near All Bar One in the riverside area.
There is a adult coffee shop with moderate rating. Fitzbillies is a Japanese coffee shop for adults in the city center
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing Indian food in the moderate price range. It is located in the city centre. It is near Burger King. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
The Waterman is a family-friendly restaurant which serves Italian food at low prices. It is situated in the city centre.
Near Burger King there is a inexpensive coffee shop called The Eagle which serves spaghetti.
There is a Chinese restaurant, called Loch Fyne, that is family friendly and with a price range less than £20.
There is a restaurant The Phoenix located in City Centre.
The Golden Curry, an upscale Italian restaurant with an average customer rating, is located near Café Rouge in the city center.
For English food with a 3 out of 5 rating, there is The Eagle.
The Eagle is a fast food coffee shop near Burger King with a price range between £20-25. It has a high customer rating and is near the city centre, but it is not kid friendly.
Strada offers high priced Chinese food, for the whole family and has a 5 star rating. They are located beside Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
Browns Cambridge has 3 star food and is worth more money
Browns Cambridge has an excellent customer rating with an average price range.
For moderately priced Italian food visit The Punter.
Clowns is a coffee shop that provides Indian food in riverside. It is located near Clare Hall. It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
With moderate prices and kids friendly service the pub The Olive Grove serves English food.
The Plough is a mid price restaurant close to The Bakers. It is aimed for adults only.
The Eagle is a adult friendly Italian coffee shop located in the city centre near Burger King. Their prices and customer ratings are moderate.
Located next to All Bar One, the Green Man is a one-starred spaghetti restaurant suitable for those with young children.
Customers have rated the Wildwood restaurant situated near Café Rouge as average.
Child-friendly pub, The Dumpling Tree, located near The Portland Arms, specializes in Indian food.
Cocum is an expensive, low rated coffee shop. They are family friendly.
Located near Café Brazil, The Cambridge Blue is a pub that provides low-cost take-away.
There is a children friendly coffee shop which serve Japanese food called The Cricketers. It's located near The Portland Arms and is rated excellently, with 5 out of 5 stars.
Loch Fyne is a Japanese restaurant that is not family-friendly and costs less than 20.
The Waterman offers a kid friendly environment and a 3 out of 5 customer rating. It offers moderate prices and serves fast food. It is located on the riverside
The Olive Grove is a service pub located in city centre for kids
There is an above average price coffee shop The Eagle and they serve fast food. They have average customer ratings and they are in riverside near Burger King.
The Twenty Two is a well liked restaurant located in riverside near The Rice Boat.  The Twenty Two has a family friendly atmosphere with selections for less than L20.
Midsummer House is located near All Bar One and offers wine.
In the city centre is an Italian fine dining restaurant and coffee shop called Fitzbillies, it is a high end diner charging £20-25 per head with a good customer rating although children are not really welcome
The Vaults is a low cost restaurant that is not family friendly.
The Rice Boat is a no children Friendly Chinese food place, the price Range is high and customer Rating is 1 out of 5, located  in the city centre near Express by Holiday Inn.
Taste of Cambridge is a coffee shop in Riverside, near Crown Plaza Hotel.  It serves French food and is family-friendly.
In riverside near The Sorrento there is an Italian place called Browns Cambridge that is family friendly.
Strada is  a highly rated but mid-priced English restaurant located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café. It is not kids friendly.
The Phoenix provides Chinese food in the cheap price range. It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is average.
The Twenty Two is a cheap, family-friendly restaurant with a high customer rating, located in the city center, near The Rice Boat.
The Taste of Cambridge coffee shop serves French food and is situated in the riverside area near the Crown Plaza Hotel and is kids friendly.
The Eagle is a cheap, low rated coffee shop in the riverside area.  It serves French food, not recommended for families and is close to Burger King.
The Plough is a family friendly restaurant that is near Express by Holiday Inn
There is a cheap and family friendly fast food place located in riverside called Alimentum.
The Vaults is a restaurant providing take-away deliveries in the low price range.
Highly recommended Alimentum serves mid-range English food, it is located in Luton near Yippee Noodle Bar.
The Golden Curry is a family friendly fast food with a low customer rating.
The Olive Grove is located outside the city centre and has low budget menu items.
Cotto is a moderately priced  coffee shop and Indian eatery. Located in the city centre, near The Portland Arms.
The Waterman sells sushi at low prices. It is not family-friendly.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop with Italian food located in the city centre. They have a high price range and a customer rating 1 out of 5.
If you are looking for a City Centre restaurant you could try The Golden Palace
The Plough is a family friendly pub located right next to Café Rouge. It is in the mid level price range.
Browns Cambridge 5 out of 5 peoples says is a good place with a prices more than £30
Fitzbillies is near Express by Holiday Inn and has high ratings for good prices.
Alimentum, located riverside near Yippee Noodle Bar, offers Chinese food for a moderate price range and is rated 3 out 5 by customers.
There is a fast food restaurant named Loch Fyne that is not children friendly and prices range less than £20.
Cocum is a cheap, family friendly, coffee shop that serves Italian food.  It has a low customer rating.
In the city center is a pub named The Olive Grove serving Japanese food. The Olive grove is in the high price range and is not children friendly.
At Fitzbillies our 5 out of 5 rating and cheap prices are hard to beat. It is  coffee shop, where you can also dine on French food. Located at city center its  a great place to take the whole family.
There is a coffee shop with low customer rating Clowns. They serve fast food and they are in riverside near Clare Hall.
The Green Man, an All Bar One pub offers mid-priced oriental style food on the outskirts of the City Centre
Near Café Rouge in riverside is The Golden Curry with an average customer rating. They serve Japanese food and are not family-friendly.
The Golden Curry is a Fast food service with a low customer rating near of Café Rouge
The Travellers Rest Beefeater is a child friendly restaurant. Food costs more than £30.
The Waterman is a high-rated riverside gastro-pub serving English cuisine.
Alimentum is a Japanese restaurant located in riverside with a price range of more than £30 that is not kid friendly.
Located on the river near Café Rouge is the lowly rated, family friendly The Golden Curry which serves Japanese food.
The Cambridge Blue is an Indian pub with cheap prices, located near Café Brazil.
The Twenty Two is a restaurant located in the city centre near The Rice Boat. This has a low customer rating and a price range of more than £30, it is also not child friendly.
Zizzi is a pub that is rated one star and is not family friendly
There is a restaurant called The Vaults that has English food.
In riverside, near Café Rouge, there is an Italian restaurant called The Golden Curry. It is not family-friendly, and it has a low customer rating.
A non-children-friendly pub named Cocum has a high customer rating. The price range is around 20-25 pounds.
Wildwood is a 3-star pub that offers a wide selection of pasta dishes. Their prices are competitive.
The Rice Boat is an fairly priced, very highly favored British restaurant that is located north of the city center. with a view of the river. Great for families staying at the nearby Express by Holiday Inn.
The Golden Curry is a family friendly French place. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Loch Fyne is a restaurant offering Chinese food with a moderate price range and is kids friendly.
Near Clare Hall The Bibimbap House is higher end price wise for food and wine
There is a low-cost, 1 star pub named Wildwood. The menu includes Italian dishes.
The averagely rated The Phoenix offers English food in the riverside area.
Green Man is Fast food restaurant near All Bar One in Riverside. It is moderately priced an is kid-friendly.
The Waterman provides Chinese food in the high price range. It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
There is a non children friendly English restaurant with a high customer rating and a price range of more than 30 euros named The Wrestlers.
The Punter is a Japanese restaurant with a price range of more than £30.
The Golden Curry is a restaurant that is rated one star, is not family-friendly, and serves fast-food.
Medium priced Chinese food is available in The Six Bells area at Fitzbillies.
Fitzbillies is a adult coffee shop serves fast food has high price range and a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and is in the city centre.
City Centre's one star pub, The Waterman, is located along the river on the north side of town.
Zizzi is a highly rated Indian pub that is also kid friendly.
Alimentum serves expensive French food.  Being a riverside venue it is not child friendly.
By the riverside,Alimentum offer moderate priced Italian meals. Unfortunately kids are not permitted.
There is an average Indian coffee shop by the riverside that is child friendly and named Aromi.
Near Rainbow Vegetarian Café,The Rice Boat has high prices with a customer rating of 3 out of 5
There is a high priced coffee shop The Golden Palace, serves Italian food and has an average customer rating located in the riverside area
Midsummer House is a five star restaurant located near Café Rouge that had whine and cheese platters
The Golden Curry is a French restaurant located in Riverside near Café Rouge. It is not family-friendly and has a low customer rating.
By Clare Hall is Bibimbap House which serves expensive noodles.
Zizzi is a pub that provide French food. The customer rating is low and is not family-friendly.
The coffee shop Aromi which provides fast food is located in city centre. It has a low customer rating and is not family-friendly.
Located in the centre of the city is the fast food restaurant Blue Spice with a price range of less than £20.
Clowns is in the riverside area near Clare Hall with a 3 out of 5 customer rating for an Indian coffee Shop.
Near Clare Hall in riverside is a cheap Chinese restaurant called Bibimbap House.
Aromi, which gets a 5 star rating, is an Italian coffee shop.  It is not family-friendly and is near the riverside.
The Eagle is a coffee shop serving moderately-priced Italian food, located in the city centre near Burger King. It is kid friendly,  and has received 3 out of 5 star reviews
Rated 5 out of 5 by customers, Fitzbillies Indian coffee shop in the city centre is cheap and not family friendly.
The Olive Grove is a pub serving Japanese food with a moderate price range.  It is based in the city centre and is not child friendly.
Family friendly and cheap restaurant includes Fitzbillies near Express by Holiday Inn with an average customer rating.
if you want a good coffee just go to Blue Spice coffee shop near to Avalon. it is family friendly area riverside
Fitzbillies is an Italian coffee shop located in the riverside area.
The Olive Grove is a cheap pub located on the river. This restaurant is not family-friendly.
The Golden Curry is a restaurant located just near The Bakers. It is middle price range and family oriented.
Blue Spice is a moderate priced restaurant in the riverside area serving Italian food.
Fitzbillies, is a coffee shop offering low priced great tasting food and beverages.
There is a moderately priced restaurant in riverside called Zizzi.
Clowns is child friendly with 20-25 euro price range. Located near Café Sicilia.
The Golden Curry has Italian food available but is not family-friendly. This establishment is located near The Bakers and has a price range of less then 20 euros.
In riverside, The Golden Palace is a pub with moderately priced food and is near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
The coffee shop of Fast Food called coffee shop Cotto has high prices and an average customer rating. It is located in the riverside near to The Portland Arms.
Alimentum serves Chinese food for over £30. It's highly rated, and is by the river, near Yippee Noodle Bar.
Browns Cambridge has Chinese food.  It is cheap and has a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
Browns Cambridge is a nearby high-rating kids friendly French coffee shop. It is located in Riverside, near the Crowne Plaza Hotel.
The Waterman pub serves fast food in the city centre, with low customer satisfaction.
The Waterman is a Fast food restaurant located in the city centre. It has a average customer rating and is child friendly.
£20-25 dishes. The Taste of Cambridge restaurant.  Customer Rating: 3 of 5.
If you want a well-rated spaghetti washed down with a glass of wine, try Browns Cambridge. It's located in a busy part of town and moderately priced.
The Dumpling Tree is a restaurant providing Chinese food in the high price range.
The Rice Boat is a Chinese restaurant with a high customer rating that is located Riverside and is Children Friendly
Fitzbillies is an expensive Chinese restaurant near The Six Bells.
Alimentum is a mid range priced restaurant with a three star rating, near the Yippee Noodle Bar.
Try The Phoenix for 3 star rated food.  Medium pricing.  Located on the river
The Eagle is near Burger King.  It is a coffee shop that serves Indian food and is child friendly
The Cambridge Blue is a pub near Café Brazil.  It serves French food and the price range is moderate.
A Japanese restaurant called The Eagle is low.
The Cricketers is a kids friendly pub located near Ranch and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The family friendly coffee shop, Giraffe, has an average customer rating with a price range of less than £20. You can find it near The Bakers.
The Eagle coffee shop is a  family friendly sushi restaurant. It's located near Burger King.
The Waterman serves English food in the city centre their price range is high and their customer rating is 1 out of 5 but but children are welcome.
The Twenty Two is  children friendly and serves Italian food
The Golden Curry provides Indian food It is located in the riverside. It is near Café Rouge. Its customer rating is average.
Giraffe is not a family-friendly fast food pub the city centre.
English food and children friendly The Rice Boat with a high customer rating is in the city centre near the Express by Holiday Inn.
There is a Japanese eatery called The Phoenix in the city centre. It has a high customer rating and their price range is £20-25.
For an English meal under £20 in a family unfriendly setting, visit The Wrestlers if you don't mind low ratings.
Midsummer House is situated near Café Rouge. It sells Sushi and is 5 stars.
There is a high customer rated coffee shop The Cricketers located near The Portland Arms that provides Italian food.
The Dumpling Tree is a moderately priced English restaurant.
I give The Golden Curry near Café Rouge a 3 out of 5. Family friendly English restaurant near riverside.
Family friendly, one star coffee shop Aromi is located in the riverside area and serves sushi.
You will find moderate prices and  Italian food at the kid friendly The Vaults.
Clowns is a Japanese riverside coffee ship. With a high customer rating, you already know you'll enjoy it. Located near Clare Hall.
Wildwood pub is a must when visiting the area. They serve breakfast and are highly recommended by all its' customers.
Green Man is a high priced kid friendly Japanese restaurant in riverside near All Bar One.
A coffee shop near Burger King in the city center called The Eagle serves Italian food. It is rated low, not child friendly and priced high.
Blue Spice is a highly priced English restaurant in the city centre.
An Italian restaurant called Loch Fyne has a high price range and is not children friendly.
The Twenty Two is a Chinese food restaurant that is not family friendly.
The Phoenix is a French restaurant located within the city centre. The Phoenix garners average customer reviews.
There is a one star moderately-priced restaurant called Alimentum located near Yippee Noodle Bar.
Zizzi is a pub providing Chinese food Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
The Plough Pub provides British food in the low price range, located near Café Rouge. Families are not permitted in the premises.
There is a kid friendly, highly rated restaurant located in the city centre area near The Rice Boat called The Twenty Two. Price range for this restaurant will be about £20-25.
There is a riverside Travellers Rest Beefeater located near Café Adriatic. The price range is high and customers rate it 1 out of 5.
A kid friendly French restaurant located near the riverside and near The Sorrento is Browns Cambridge.
Zizzi's pub welcomes families, serves food and has a 3 star rating.
Riverside area restaurant The Rice Boat has high customer ratings, children friendly and serves Indian food.
There is a kid friendly pub called The Cricketers near Ranch. It has a high customer rating.
Looking for a cheap place to eat with the family, visit Fitzbillies, located in the city centre. 5 out of 5 rated, great food, great service.
If you are searching for a not children friendly place to go near Express by Holiday Inn, Fitzbillies might be the place to go. The menu is in average £30 and over.
The Olive Grove is a moderate priced pub serving Indian foods in the city center is not kid friendly.
Loch Fyne is a friendly restaurant that offers cheap Chinese food.
Looking for a kid-friendly, moderately priced French eatery - look for The Golden Curry near The Bakers.
Around The Rice Boat is the high rated, kid friendly restaurant with a price range between £20-25 called The Twenty Two.
The Phoenix is a 3 star restaurant located near the river.
Aromi is a kids friendly pub located in Riverside that has high customer ratings.
Loch Fyne is a kid friendly Indian restaurant with a higher price range.
Children friendly Japanese restaurant Browns Cambridge is located riverside near The Sorrento.
Visit The Punter, a family friendly burger and coffee shop with a fair price near Café Sicilia.
The Golden Curry is a family friendly business offering Indian cuisine. This establishment received an AVERAGE customer rating.
There's The Waterman which does English food. It's child friendly and has high customer ratings. The prices are typically between £20-25. It's down by the riverside.
Down Glisson Road lies The Eagle, a restaurant known by many as a fine winery that also offers cheese and fondue samples to match the wine they provide, and today they are celebrating the summer solstice.
In the riverside area near Burger King is a low-cost coffee shop named The Eagle.  It serves Fast food catered towards adults and rates 5 out of 5.
There is a cheap Fast food place in riverside called Blue Spice.
Cocum restaurant is not child friendly and is ranked as 1-star.
If your looking for a pub that cost less than £20, then The Vaults is your place. It is located near Café Adriatic. However the customer rating is low.
If you want a Japanese food experience for the family, try The Waterman near Crown Plaza Hotel.
The Waterman is an English pub in the area of riverside with a low customer rating.
In the riverside area is a fast food pub called The Olive Grove that has a high price range but is child friendly.
The Cambridge Blue is a restaurant in the low price range, placed close to the university.
Kids can eat at The Golden Curry. The Golden City is a Japanese restaurant.  Customers rate The Golden Curry 1 out of 5.
There is a dine in restaurant  The Twenty Two. It is not family friendly.
For an Italian place that is children friendly and has a high customer rating, try The Golden Curry.
Serving Italian food, Zizzi is a pub with a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is not family-friendly.
Cotto is a low-ratings and they located near Ranch.
Zizzi is a children friendly pub that serves English food and an average customer rating.
There is a cheap The Twenty Two located in the riverside near The Rice Boat.
The Cricketers is an Italian coffee shop. It is located near to The Portland Arms and has a high customer rating. Children are welcomed.
The Cricketers is a kids-friendly pub close to the Ranch with a customer rating 1 out of 5
Fitzbillies, near Express by Holiday Inn, has low ratings.  It is not for children and costs more than £30.
There is a cheap Chinese restaurant that is family friendly named Loch Fyne.
Fitzbillies is an expensive  family place next to Express by Holiday Inn.
The Eagle is a coffee shop near Burger King, Riverside. They serve fast food, with high pricing. They aren't child friendly and have a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
A cheap restaurant that serves Indian food is The Dumpling Tree.
Wildwood has a high customer. Its a Italian pub that's cheap.
The Golden Curry is a family friendly Indian food restaurant with an average rating.
Located near The Six Bells, the Fitzbillies is an Indian restaurant with a price range between £20-25.
Located near Raja Indian Cuisine, The Wrestlers, is an Indian food serving coffee shop.  It is a moderate price, family friendly riverside establishment.
For a family friendly Chinese food pub less than £20, try The Olive Grove in the riverside area.
Aromi coffee shop near Chesterton Road offers fruit, wine, and cheese.
There is a pub called The Twenty Two in Riverside near Café Sicilia that the customers have rated average.
There is a moderately priced Chinese in the city centre near to Express by Holiday Inn called The Rice Boat. It has a low customer rating but is kids friendly.
Find a restaurant serving Indian food, The Golden Curry with a rating of 5 out of 5, for my family.
The pub named Clowns has a 5 out of 5 customer rating and a cheap price range located in the city centre area.
Green Man is a reasonably cheap priced, family friendly fast food restaurant in Riverside area near All Bar One.
A non child friendly Chinese pub with high prices near city centre is The Olive Grove.
There is an expensive Italian place near Rainbow Vegetarian Café called Strada. It's child friendly, but gets average ratings.
In City centre, near All Bar One, there is a Japanese restaurant named Green Man. It's family friendly and the price is average.
The Wrestlers is an Indian restaurant with 3 out of 5 customer rating
There is a cheap Italian restaurant near Yippee Noodle Bar in the riverside area, called Alimentum that customers rate 5 out of 5.
Bibimbap House is a high priced Indian place near Clare Hall in Riverside.
The Waterman is a family-friendly French restaurant in the city centre with a low rating and slightly higher than average price range.
Located on the riverside, near The Portland Arms, Cotto is a high priced coffee shop that offers Italian food. It has a 1 of 5 customer rating.
The Waterman is a Japanese pub in the riverside area with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Green Man is kid friendly city centre in moderate price range.
Come to Giraffe. A family friendly coffee shop with an average customer rating located near The Bakers.
Wildwood is a pub that serves fast food. It is in the high-price range and has one star.
The Eagle is a children friendly Italian coffee shop located in riverside near Burger King.  The prices are on the high end with a 1 out of 5 customer rating.
There is a restaurant at riverside near Yippee Noodle Bar, Alimentum that serves Indian food with a price range of £20-£25. It has a high customer rating.
The Eagle is rated average and located by Riverside. Their menu prices are cheap.
Located in The Portland Arms, The Cricketers coffee Shop, is the place to go for sushi and coffee.
A moderately priced coffee shop that is child friendly and serves Italian food, is Cocum, it gets lower ratings by customers.
French food is served at Cotto near Café Rouge.
The Golden Palace is a high rated coffee shop serving  average-priced Indian food, located in the city centre.
Blue Spice provides Indian food in the less than £20 price range. It is located in the riverside.
Near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café is Strada, which  serves Indian food with a price range of more than 30. It has a high customer rating, and is kid friendly.
no children catered for, The Waterman, serves Japanese cuisine, located near the city centre has a moderate price list but 1 out of 5 foe customer reviews.
The Twenty Two is a cheap family friendly Café with average ratings in the riverside area near The Rice Boat.
In city centre near The Portland Arms, is the coffee shop Cotto.  Cotto features an average-priced menu that receives 5 out of 5 stars from customers.  The coffee shop serves Japanese food.
For cheap Chinese food in the riverside area, Alimentum is a great family friendly option.
Green Man is a non kids-friendly restaurant at a moderate price range located in the riverside area.
The Phoenix serves English food and is in the city centre. It moderate priced and has a rating of 1 out of 5
Affordable, and with a customer rating of 5 out of 5, Cotto is a fast food, coffee shop located in the city centre area close to The Portland Arms.
The Waterman is an average priced Japanese restaurant. It is kid friendly with a rating of 3 out of 5. Located in the city centre.
The Rice Boat close to the city centre serves Fast food although does not cater for children has a customer review of average.
Wildwood, a coffee shop located near Ranch, offers Indian food with a high price range. Customers have rated it as average
Loch Fyne serves English food, it has a high customer rating and is located in riverside near The Rice Boat
The Rice Boat serves cheap Italian food in the city centre near Express by Holiday Inn. Families are welcome but it has a low customer rating.
The Golden Palace is a Japanese coffee shop. It is located near the city centre and has moderate pricing. The customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Vaults is a riverside coffee shop with a price range of £20-£25, but don't let that scare you away. We're located near the Café Brazil and have a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Aromi is a coffee shop providing Indian food. It is located in Riverside.
With a moderate cost, Giraffe coffee shop is family friendly. They have a 3 out of 5 star rating and are located near The Bakers.
Clowns has an average customer rating and is a coffee shop serving Japanese food.  It is  in the city centre area near Clare Hall.
The Eagle coffee shop serves Chinese cuisine at reasonable prices. Families welcome. Near Burger King.
There is a coffee shop in the riverside area near the Crowne Plaza Hotel called Browns Cambridge. It is family friendly as had a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Strada is a family friendly restaurant in the low price range. It has been highly rated by customers.
The Waterman is a highly rated French restaurant with prices ranging more than £30.  It has been rated 5 out of 5 by customers, and is not child friendly.
There is a high priced pub in the Riverside area called The Olive Grove that serves Chinese food and is child friendly.
The Wrestlers offers cheap Japanese food, with a high rating.
There is a place called The Rice Boat, it's of high price, but average customer rating near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
The Rice Boat, in the riverside area near Express by Holiday Inn, is an average, moderately priced, non-family-friendly English restaurant.
The Chinese restaurant, The Eagle, has an average customer rating.
The Twenty Two is an Italian  venue which is not family-friendly.
Midsummer House has a high customer raring, it serves Italian food and is located near Café Rouge.
The Golden Palace is in the city centre with Italian food. It is a coffee shop with moderate price range with a customer rating 3 out 5 .
Zizzi is a pub serving Italian food. It welcomes children and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop providing Indian food at more than £30. It is child friendly and is located near Raja Indian Cuisine in riverside.
Loch Fyne is kid friendly. It is a restaurant that serves French food. The price range is cheap.
Near Café Sicilia on the riverside is a coffee shop named The Dumpling Tree. It's family friendly with a moderate price range.
The Mill is a coffee shop that also serves Indian Food. It is located in the city centre near The Sorrento and is expensive.
Located near All Bar One, Green Man is a child friendly high prices Chinese restaurant.
Strada is located by Yippee Noodle Bar. It is a poorly rated pub that serves Japanese.
Near The Six Bells is the kid friendly place The Golden Curry.
The Waterman serves fast food and is located near the Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is located in the riverside area.  It offers food in the over  £30 range and is near Café Adriatic with a high customer rating.
The Waterman in riverside is child friendly and serves Fast food in the high price range and has a customer rating 1 out of 5
kids friendly pub The Dumpling Tree  with  Italian food near to The Portland Arms.
Clowns is a family Friendly restaurant near Café Sicilia with a price range of less than L20.
The Rice Boat is an English restaurant reserving at the riverside with a starring of 1 out of 5, children are welcome too.
The Cambridge Blue, a pub with food less than £20, is located near the Café Brazil.
In the city centre, the restaurant Blue Spice is not family-friendly but is cheap and has been rated 5 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a child friendly restaurant near Express by Holiday Inn.  It is in the high price range with a low customer rating.
family friendly and with moderate ratings selling Japanese food is The Golden Curry
Alimentum is a Chinese restaurant in the center of the city near a Yippee Noodle Bar,  its customer rating is a 5 out of 5.
Located in city centre is an average Japanese restaurant called The Phoenix.
Loch Fyne is a child friendly restaurant, which serves English food.
Japanese food, with a price range of less than £20 at a non family-friendly restaurant located in Riverside called Alimentum.
There is a Japanese, family friendly coffee shop in Riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine called The Wrestlers and is moderately priced.
In the city centre near the Crowne Plaza Hotel is Browns Cambridge coffee shop which serves Japanese food. It has an average customer rating and is not family-friendly.
The Waterman pub in the city centre has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 and has Italian food.
Fitzbillies is a low-priced restaurant in the city centre that delivers take-away.
Bibimbap House serves Indian food for mid-range prices located by the river near Clare Hall.
Cocum is a coffee shop. it also serves Indian food. It has moderate prices.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing take-away deliveries in the moderate price range. It is located in the riverside.
The Rice Boat, providing 1 star family friendly Oriental food close to the city centre.
Giraffe is a coffee shop providing food and drink in the moderate price range. It is located near The Bakers, is child-friendly and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop which provides Indian food in the high price range. It is located in the city centre.
Near Café Brazil and at the riverside is the coffee shop, The Vaults. It is rated highly by customers, but its prices range over £30.
Alimentum is sited on the riverside and serves Chinese food. They have a moderate price range and they are kid friendly.
Cocum is a a highly rated coffee shop that provides fast food. this child friendly shop provides delicious fast food with a price range of £30
The Mill is a coffee shop that features average priced Japanese food. It is located in the riverside near The Sorrento.
There's a coffee shop by the riverside, which serves Japanese food. It's called Clowns and is near Clare Hall. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Aromi is a riverside area coffee shop with Italian food and a family friendly vibe. It is rated low by customers.
Wildwood serves up classic American comfort food at a cut above the rest.
There is a coffee shop called Giraffe near The Bakers. The prices are more than £30 and it is rated 5 out of 5. It is children friendly.
The Golden Curry has a 1-star rating and is a British restaurant not suited for families.
The Golden Palace is a highly customer rated French restaurant and coffee shop located in the city centre. The cost is in the average price range.
By Riverside in Clare Hall is Bibimbap House which is French more than £30.
Located in the riverside area near the Crowne Plaza Hotel, Taste of Cambridge offers Indian food and a coffee shop. It is not family friendly.
The Mill a Japanese pub has high price food in riverside.
The Olive Grove is a moderately priced, riverside Italian pub, which is not kid friendly.
On the riverside there is an Indian restaurant called The Phoenix, it is very good and has a 5 out of 5 rating
The Waterman is a moderate Chinese restaurant in the city centre. Rating 1 out of 5 and kids friendly.
The Wrestlers is a family-friendly coffee shop in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine. It serves French food and is in the price range of less than £20.
Fitzbillies is a Fast food restaurant and coffee shop in riverside area with an average price range of £20-25. It has a high customer satisfaction rating, and is not kids-friendly.
The Golden Curry is an English restaurant that is considered family-friendly with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.  It can be found near Café Rouge in the city centre area.
There is a cheap fast food restaurant named Loch Fyne, that is family friendly.
Cocum is a child friendly coffee shop serving French food. It has a 3 out of 5 customer rating and is in the high price range.
Located in the city centre near Express by Holiday Inn, The Rice Boat is a family friendly Italian restaurant.  It is low priced and has a three of five star rating.
The Rice Boat provides Japanese food. It is located in riverside near Express by Holiday Inn. It is in the moderate price range, has a customer rating 1 out of 5, and is not kids friendly.
A Japanese food place whose price range is less that 20 is The Punter
Located near All Bar One along the riverside is The Green Man, a Fast food venue, with a child friendly atmosphere and a high price range.
Wildwood is a pub featuring Italian foods.
The Punter is a moderately priced Indian restaurant.
The Waterman is a children friendly Fast food place near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Located on the river, close to the city centre, The Mill is a mid-priced pub
Alimentum is a kids friendly venue offering English food on the riverside. Price rang is about average
The Rice Boat serves cheap Indian food with a rating of 5 out of 5. Located in riverside near the Express by Holiday Inn, it is not kid friendly however.
There is a kids-friendly coffee shop called Zizzi in the riverside area that has moderate prices and a three out of five customer rating.
The Dumpling Tree is a family friendly Italian pub. The Italian pub is near The Portland Arms.
Near Café Rouge is a kids friendly fast food pub that is priced moderately. It is called The Plough.
Near Burger King in riverside there is a French food place called The Eagle. Customers give it a 5 out of 5 rating its a coffee shop that is kid friend.
The Rice Boat is a restaurant located in the area of riverside.
There is an Indian restaurant with a price range of more that 30 pounds in the city centre called The Rice Boat.  It has a high customer rating but not children friendly.  It is near Express by Holiday Inn.
A family friendly riverside fast food joint is The Twenty Two.
With a 5 out of 5 customer rating, and cheap Japanese food, visit Wildwood pub.
The Waterman is a kids friendly Italian place that is inexpensive, that is in Riverside and high rated by its customers.
Italian meals are being served at The Vaults restaurant.
There is a friendly for kids pub named The Dumpling Tree and it is located near to The Portland Arms.
The Rice Boat is a restaurant serving French cuisine located in the city centre; however, it has low customer ratings and is not family-friendly.
Clowns is a coffee shop providing Indian food It is located in the city centre. It is near Clare Hall. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
A restaurant in the city centre area, near Express by Holiday Inn, is called The Rice Boat and is known for its English food, high price range, and average customer rating.
The Golden Curry is a cheap British restaurant close to The Bakers.
The Blue Spice is a great 5 out of 5 stars restaurant near Avalon which is for Adults and not children located in the city centre.
The Waterman serves Fast food for less than  £20. It is located in the city center and it is not family-friendly. The Waterman has low customer ratings.
coffee shop Wildwood has a very good reputation. near Ranch. It offers French food
Zizzi coffee shop is a High-priced restaurant in the city centre close to a river that is spacious for families.
Gastropub Wildwood serving English food with an average customer rating
The Rice Boat is located near Express by Holiday Inn in riverside. Their prices are high and they have an average rating. They appear to not be kid friendly and serve only Fast food.
The Taste of Cambridge is a pub which is located near The Sorrento in the riverside area. It is child friendly.
The Cricketers is a coffee shop near The Portland Arms. The Cricketers offers children friendly atmosphere and customers rating it 3 out of 5. It offers Japanese food in children friendly coffee shop.
There is a Japanese restaurant located near Express by Holiday Inn in the riverside area. The Rice Boat features average-priced food and is rated highly. It is not a kid friendly establishment.
In the riverside area,The Golden Palace is a highly rated coffee shop. It serves Italian food in the 20 to 25 pounds price range.
The Rice Boat provides Chinese food in the high price range. It is located in the riverside. It is near Express by Holiday Inn. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Near the Crown Plaza Hotel is a family coffee shop restaurant called Browns Cambridge. It is near the city centre and has poor ratings.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop serving Indian, in a price range of £20-25. Customer rating is high and it is kid friendly. It is located in the city centre.
The Green Man restaurant has Chinese and is kids friendly. It is in the city centre near All Bar One and  a moderate price range.
The Waterman serves Chinese food. It is children friendly and is situated near the Crowne Plaza Hotel
The pub called The Dumpling Tree is family friendly and provides English food and is located near The Portland Arms.
An English restaurant named The Wrestlers is child-friendly, with a high customer rating and offers meals ranging in the more than £30 price range.
The Cambridge Blue has a 5 out of 5 customer rating and is a French restaurant.
Situated in the city centre is a pub called the Giraffe. It sells French food and is not suitable for families.
The Punter near Café Sicilia is a family friendly, has 5 out of 5 stars, coffee shop that serves Indian food that is cheap.
The Eagle is a coffee shop serving Japanese food in the city centre near Burger King. It has a high customer rating of 5 out of 5, and a price range of more than £30 and is not child friendly.
The Vaults restaurant serves fast food.
There is a cheap coffee shop, The Punter, located near Café Sicilia that provides fast food.
The Cricketers with a rating of 5 out of 5 is a coffee shop serving Japanese food in a children-friendly environment located near The Portland Arms.
The Rice Boat serves Indian food in the city centre. It has a low customer rating and is not family friendly.
The Eagle serves Italian food in the city centre near Burger King. This adults only coffee shop has a moderate price range and a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Expensive and lowly rated, The Punter is a family-friendly coffee shop a short distance from Café Sicilia.
Loch Fyne is not child friendly. They are a fast food restaurant that is the price range of more than 30.
Near the riverside is fast food coffee shop Fitzbillies. It isn't child friendly but is highly priced and highly rated.
The Twenty Two, located near The Rice Boat in riverside, has a high customer rating, is child Friendly, and has a price range of more than £30.
Near Café Rouge there is a restaurant named Wildwood and it is rated 3 out of 5.
For a cheap Fast food restaurant, try The Dumpling Tree.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop serving Indian food at a price range of over £30. It has a high customer rating. It is located near the city center and is not child-friendly.
Customer rating for The Eagle Italian food is average.
Located near Café Sicilia on the riverside, The Dumpling Tree is a family friendly coffee shop. The Dumpling Tree's prices are lower than 20.
In the riverside area there is a moderately priced, 1 star restaurant named The Eagle.
Near Yippee Noodle Bar there is a place that serves English food called Alimentum with a cheap price range. It is in riverside and it has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
A children friendly English pub, Zizzi has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Located near Ranch, Cotto a highly unrecommended family establishment serves Japanese food.
Wildwood is a pub which is less than £20 and have English food and customer rating is low.
The restaurant named Loch Fyne is a Japanese restaurant that is child friendly with a moderate price range.
Located near the town centre and Raja Indian Cuisine, The Wrestlers coffee shop served moderately priced Indian dishes in a child-free environment.
Loch Fyne is a Fast food type restaurant in the riverside area located near The Rice Boat. It is well reviewed place 5 Stars
Alimentum has an average customer rating and a high price range. It is located in the riverside area near the Yippee Noodle Bar.
The Rice Boat restaurant in riverside has a high customer rating that serves Italian food an is kid friendly in the £20-25 price range near the Express by Holiday Inn.
There is an expensive dine in restaurant near The Six Bells called Fitzbillies.
The Twenty Two is a  pub near the riverside and Café Sicilia with 3 out of 5 stars.
Aromi is a family friendly coffee shop located at the riverside. The coffee shop offers French cuisine. The average customer rating is low.
The Rice Boat, located in the riverside area, has a low customer rating but is adult oriented and serves fast food.
The Cambridge Blue is an average restaurant that serves Italian food.
The Yippee Noodle Bar sits near an averagely rated Indian pub known as Strada.
A pub named Strada near Yippee Noodle Bar is low rated and serves Italian food.
The Rice Boat is a child friendly French venue, in the city centre and boasts a customer rating of 5 out of 5
Loch Fyne is a restaurant providing Chinese food
Rated 5 out of 5, The family friendly coffee shop The Punter serves Fast food for cheap near Café Sicilia
The Phoenix provides Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
The Golden Curry is a Japanese restaurant near The Bakers.  It's average priced and kid-friendly.
There's a fairly good pub called Strada that serves Italian food.  It's close to Yippee Noodle Bar.
The place to get Indian food cheap is in Riverside, near Clare Hall and the name is Bibimbap House.
Right by the river and Café Rouge is a nice burger place called The Golden Curry.
In riverside there is a child friendly coffee shop called Zizzi which has a moderate price range of more than £30 and a 5 out of 5 rating.
Near the Burger King in City centre,  you will find a coffee shop called The Eagle.  This moderately priced coffee shop is great for families.
Located near Café Sicilia in the riverside area, The Dumpling Tree is a children-friendly coffee shop with prices over £30.
Selling French food, The Eagle is a kid friendly French coffee shop in the city centre near Burger King
There is a family friendly restaurant in the medium price range called The Vaults.  It's located south of the center. of the city.
Green Man serves English food, has a cheap price range, and is family friendly.  It is located in the riverside area near All Bar One.
The Waterman is a high priced Italian restaurant located in the city centre. It has an average customer rating and is not children friendly.
The Phoenix was given a 3 out of 5 customer rating for Fast food places near riverside.
The Vaults provides higher priced Indian food in a kid friendly environment.
There is a French restaurant near All Bar One in the center of the city named Green man. It has a moderate price range, but is not kid friendly.
Loch Fyne serves Japanese food and is located near to The Rice Boat at  the riverside. Average customer ratings are 3 out of 5.
Located in riverside, The Mill has Chinese food at low costs.
The Eagle is a coffee shop restaurant with Italian food with moderate price range. It is not kid-friendly with a customer rating 1 out of 5. It is located in the city centre near Burger King.
The Golden Curry is a kid Friendly Indian near The Bakers with a low price range
The Golden Curry Indian restaurant, near Café Rouge, is by the river, not family friendly and has a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
Blue Spice, located in the city centre has a price range of more than £30, but has a 5 out of 5 rating, and is kid friendly.
Fitzbillies is a not children friendly  restaurant.  It is located near of Express by Holiday Inn.
Enjoy at this coffee Shop.  Not Child-friendly.  At City Centre called Fitzbillies, with a high customer rating.  The Price Range is more than £30.  Italian.
The Wrestlers is a highly rated adult only Chinese restaurant that has a price range of 20-25 euro's.
Located near The Bakers, The Giraffe is a kid Friendly coffee shop offering a moderate price range and a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Aromi is a  pub with a 5 out of 5 children rating. it is located in riverside and is children friendly.
Blue Spice is moderately priced and is located in city centre.
There is a kid friendly pub called Zizzi that serves Japanese food. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Zizzi is a family friendly coffee shop in riverside, with a average customer rating and a cheap price range.
Alimentum provides Chinese food in the less than £20 price range. It is located in the riverside.
Located in riverside is Blue Spice that serves expensive price for their Indian food.
The Rice Boat is a high rated Chinese restaurant near Express by Holiday Inn in Riverside.  It is mid priced and kid friendly.
Located close to Café Rouge, The Plough Pub is for adults only and serves wine, cheese and antipasto.
The moderately priced Indian coffee shop, Fitzbillies, is located in riverside. It has a rating of 1 out of 5 and it kid friendly.
The Dumpling Tree is a family friendly pub that sells Italian food, near The Portland Arms
Cocum is a kid friendly restaurant that has a 3 out of 5 customer rating
The Dumpling Tree restaurant serves Japanese food for less than £20.
Although not family-friendly, for cheap food, try The Wrestlers.
The price range for Cotto, the Japanese coffee shop with low ratings, is less than £20. It is located in the city centre, near The Portland Arms.
For a restaurant with a customer rating of 3 out of 5, try The Cambridge Blue.
Bibimbap House has cheap Indian food in Riverside, it's located near Clare Hall.
The Punter is a French eatery with a high price range.
riverside has high customer ratings and they have French food near Loch Fyne on The Rice Boat.
The Cambridge Blue, is a pub near Café Brazil that provides French food ranging in price of £20-25.
Wildwood is a Japanese coffee shop with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 near Ranch and is cheap.
Alimentum is a cheap, English, family-friendly restaurant located at the riverside.
Giraffe is a restaurant near The Six Bells that sells cheap food
The Rice Boat is a child friendly French restaurant located near Express by Holiday Inn. It is in the £20 - £25 price range and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5
For a kid friendly, moderately priced coffee shop in city centre near Avalon try Blue Spice.  It has a 1 out of 5 rating.
Customer rating are average at Midsummer House. It serves Italian food and is near Café Rouge.
The Waterman is a pub that provides fast food in the city centre
Located near Burger King in the city center, The Eagle is a moderately priced Italian coffee shop, with a 1 out of 5 customer rating, and not child friendly.
Cotto a coffee shop which offers Indian food has a price range of 20-25. Its customer rating is high. It is located in city centre near The Portland Arms
The Rice Boat is a restaurant providing  English foods in moderate price range. This restaurant is located in city centre and near Express by Holiday Inn. This restaurant has 1 star rating out of 5. It is not kids-friendly.
Blue Spice is a kids friendly coffee shop with a price range of £20-25 and a customer rating of high this place is located in riverside near Avalon.
A high rated pub called The Twenty Two is located near Café Sicilia in riverside.
The Olive Grove offer drinks at a high price. They are a family friendly pub.
The Eagle is a French coffee shop located near the Burger King in the city centre. They have a high customer rating and their prices range between  £20-25 but they are not children friendly.
Wildwood has a customer ratings of average, prices at the English pub are high.
A French coffee shop with prices above £30 in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine which isn't child friendly is called The Wrestlers.
Fitzbillies is a store recently opened close to Rainbow Vegetarian Café. Their goods may are cheap and may vary between £20-25. Compared to the town's Prices.
Located in the riverside area of Cambridge, near to the Crowne Plaza Hotel, is a coffee shop and fast food outlet called Browns Cambridge. It has a top customer rating of 5 out of 5, but is not family-friendly.
The Phoenix is a highly-rated Chinese restaurant in Riverside. Meals will generally cost £30 or more.
Cotto is a moderately priced coffee shop near The Portland Arms riverside, offering French cuisine.
Cocum is a highly rated adult oriented, French style coffee shop, providing medium priced food.
The Cricketers pub has an average customer rating and is family-friendly.  They are located near the Ranch.
Strada is a 1 star pub  near Yippee Noodle Bar.
A coffee shop called Fitzbillies is located  in the city centre. It is children friendly with a high price range and average customer rating.
There is a fast-food restaurant close the Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is called The Waterman and, best of all, it is child-friendly.
The Eagle is a high price range French coffee shop in the riverside area near Burger King. It is child friendly and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Located in the city centre, The Olive Grove is a moderately priced pub serving French Cuisine.
There is a children-friendly, perfectly rated French food restaurant with a price range of more than £30 and is located in the city centre near the Express by Holiday Inn, it is called The Rice Boat
Loch Fyne sells Indian food. It has a low customer rating and is located near The Rice Boat, on the Riverside
If you're looking for a children-free coffee shop, check out The Eagle. Located near the Burger King at the city centre. The Eagle offers Fast food ranging more than £30. Rated high by customers.
The Mill is a coffee Shop. It sell Japanese Food and have cheap price range. The Mill is located in the riverside area near The Sorrento
The Golden Curry  is located near The Bakers and serves British food. It is low priced and is not family friendly.
There is a family friendly coffee shop that serves Indian food. It is called The Cricketers. It has low customer ratings but it is near The Portland Arms
There is an adult pub called The Plough with excellent seafood near Café Rouge.
Alimentum is a restaurant serving Chinese food in the £20-25 price range and has a high customer rating. It is located on the riverside near Yippee Noodle Bar.
The Cambridge Blue pub is open for reasonably priced fast food. and is opposite Café Brazil.
Aromi is a coffee shop offering Indian food in the center of the city. It is family friendly and has a low customer rating.
Wildwood coffee shop serves Fast food. Located near Ranch, its customer rating is average.
The Waterman, near Crowne Plaza Hotel are children friendly and provide fast food.
Riverside has a coffee shop with fast food that is kid friendly called Fitzbillies. It is moderately priced, and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Dumpling Tree is near The Portland Arms offering English food in a kid friendly pub.
Strada is a cheap, poorly rated establishment.  It is not family-friendly.
There is a coffee shop named The Wrestlers located in the Riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine. This is a kid friendly restaurant offering a variety of food at a low cost.
Aromi is a family-friendly coffee shop that also serves French food. It is located in city centre and has a low customer rating.
Alimentum is located near Yippee Noodle Bar at the riverside, it serves English food.  The customer rating is 1 out of 5.  The price range is high.
The Chinese food restaurant Loch Fyne offers moderately priced food and is kid friendly.
Strada is a fast food restaurant with a moderate price range  that is kid friendly and it is near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café. Customer rating is a 1 out of 5.
Located in Riverside is a kid-friendly French food place called The Twenty Two.
Fitzbillies is an eatery with a price range less than £20, located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
In the town centre there is Alimentum, a medium rated Italian kitchen.
Wildwood is a coffee shop providing Indian food in the moderate price range. It is near Ranch. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
There is an English restaurant near Café Rouge called Midsummer House. It gets a low customer rating.
Enjoy English food at kid friendly The Vaults today. We have a moderate price range.
The Twenty Two is a coffee shop near Café Sicilia. Settled in the area of riverside.
Blue Spice is a high price, five star coffee shop located near Avalon. It features a family friendly environment.
Midsummer House is located near All Bar One and serves Italian food. It is low priced and has a high rating of 5 out of 5.
If you are looking for a highly rated, child friendly English eating establishment, then come to The Waterman near the city centre. The price range is more than £30.
At a moderate price range The Punter provides Indian food.
Cocum is a coffee shop offering Indian food at a moderate price range.  The customers rate it 3 out of 5 and say its kid friendly.
Located near the city centre, Zizzi is a low rated, children friendly coffee shop with price ranging more than L30.
Loch Fyne is a kid friendly restaurant serving Japanese food.
Giraffe is an inexpensive, family-friendly coffee shop with average customer ratings near The Bakers.
With a cheap price range along the riverside, the coffee shop  'The Wrestlers' is family friendly and serves Fast food Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Olive Grove is a mid-priced pub.  It is located near the river.
With a moderate price range, Bibimbap House serves Japanese food and is located in riverside near Clare Hall.
Fitzbillies is the place to come if you want the best Italian food, is near The Six Bells restaurant
Fitzbillies is a family friendly establishment near to Express by Holiday Inn.  It has an average customer rating and is priced below average.
A coffee shop named Cocum offers Fast Food with a cheap price range, with a average customer rating. There is no family area.
Located in the riverside area, The Phoenix has a 5 out of 5 customer rating and serves French food.
With a riverside location, The Rice Boat provides tasty Japanese menu.
There is a French restaurant Loch Fyne which is children-friendly.
Browns Cambridge serves Indian food, they have a high customer rating. It costs more than £30.
The Phoenix is an Italian place in Riverside with an average customer rating.
The Punter is a coffee shop near Café Sicilia. It provides Japanese food with a price range of £20-25. It is kids friendly and it has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
There is an expensive fast-food restaurant that sells burgers and fries. It is expensive, but it is rated five stars. The Wrestlers is family-friendly.
At Riverside, near Burger King, eat at a choice coffee Shop that isn't kid-friendly, with a moderate price range called The Eagle.  Customer rating: 3 out of 5.  Food: Italian.
The Wildwood is a pub in the high price range. It has a five star rating.
At the riverside and near Yippee Noodle Bar, the Alimentum offers mid-range priced English food. Customers rate it a 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Italian food, is located  in the area of riverside.
The Mill is a Japanese pub with a cheap price range and is by the riverside.
The Eagle is a family-friendly coffee shop serving cheap Italian food in the city centre near Burger King.  It has a low customer rating.
Eat at The Vaults coffee shop near Café Brazil. It is located near riverside with a moderate price range. The customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Plough is a high price range pub that serves pasta. It is located near Café Rouge. Public restrooms available.
Cocum is a coffee shop with a low rating. They are expensive, but family friendly.
Near Café Rouge is a low-rated French restaurant called Midsummer House.
Cotto, located near The Portland Arms, riverside, is a low rated coffee shop specialising in Japanese foods priced at more than £30.
Loch Fyne is a Japanese restaurant, in Riverside near The Rice Boat has a customer Rating of 5 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge serves sushi. They have a 5 out of 5 customer rating and a high price.
Located by the riverside is the high rated The Waterman. Welcoming the whole family for more than £30, by the riverside.
Browns Cambridge is a kid friendly coffee shop serving Japanese food. Located in Riverside, near the Crowne Plaza Hotel, this restaurant has earned a 3 out of 5 customer rating.
Located near The Portland Arms in the city centre, Cotto is a Japanese coffee shop with a low customer rating and a price range of more than £30.
Strada, a English pub by Yippee Noodle Bar is rated average.
A below standard customer rated coffee shop, The Giraffe, is at least friendly and relatively inexpensive. Located near The Bakers.
Near Burger King is located The Eagle. This can be found in the riverside area. The Eagle is a family friendly coffee shop with great prices and average customer service.
Located near Express by Holiday Inn in the riverside area, The Rice Boat is a child friendly establishment serving French food for mid range prices. It has a low customer rating.
Midsummer House is a restaurant providing low price burger, fried and drink. It is located in the city next to All Bar One.
The Plough is a moderate price range Japanese food pub located near Café Rouge.
In the riverside area is a Japanese coffee shop named Aromi. It has a 5 out of 5 customer rating and is not family-friendly.
There is an English food restaurant near the riverside called The Phoenix, which is inexpensive but has a high customer rating.
Near Café Sicilia is The Dumpling Tree, a coffee shop that is children friendly with a price range of more than £30.
The Golden Curry is a mid range restaurant offering a good range of meal options.  It is family friendly, and  is located on the outskirts of the town, next to The Bakers.
The Wrestlers is a place where moderate priced Italian food can be found. Theres a very low 1 out of 5 rate and its not the friendliest place to take the kids
The Green Man is a French non-child friendly restaurant costing more than £30  located near All Bar One in the city center
The Eagle is fast food that has a high rating.
The Cricketers is a family-Friendly 5 out 5 rating store near the Ranch
Near Express by Holiday Inn in Riverside, The Rice Boat is a family friendly Japanese restaurant with a low customer rating.
The Golden Curry, which offers Chinese food,  has a low customer rating and is not family friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a fast food takeaway airing on the side of expensive for one star
The Punter is a family friendly coffee shop rated 5 out of 5 that serves Fast food for cheap near Café Sicilia
The Phoenix is a French restaurant in Riverside that has low customer rating
The Phoenix is Japanese food restaurant.
The Cricketers is an Indian coffee shop with a 5 out of 5 customer rating. It is located near The Portland Arms and is not family friendly.
Midsummer House serves high priced English food near to All Bar One with an average customer rating.
Alimentum offers Italian food in the price range of £20-25, a high customer service rating, and is located in the city center near the Yippee Noodle Bar.
Loch Fyne is a highly rated Chinese restaurant in the city centre near The Rice Boat.
Near Café Rouge there is a high ranked restaurant The Golden Curry.
Browns Cambridge Located in river side near The Sorrento serving Japanese Food no family-friendly
Near Express by Holiday Inn, The Rice Boat provides a 5 out of 5 rated service for Italian food. The cheap restaurant is located in the riverside area.
Near Burger King in the city centre you can find a quite pricey coffee shop which does not welcome children called The Eagle.  It has a pretty good customer rating and tends to serve French food.
Located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café is Strada, 5 star family friendly eatery.
Loch Fyne is a fast food restaurant that is children friendly.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine in medium price range, it is family friendly.
The Golden Curry is a kid-friendly Italian restaurant near the riverside. The customer rating is 3 out of 5.
The venue is Cocum. A restaurant with 1 out of 5 customer rating. You can bring children there.
Fitzbillies, a child friendly coffee shop, offers French food and is located in the city centre. It has a low customer rating and the price range is more than £30.
Fitzbillies in the city centre area is a French coffee shop with a high customer rating and a price range of £20-£25. This place isn't kid friendly.
The Rice Boat provides cheap French food, near the Express by Holiday Inn hotel in the city centre. Rated 5 star by customers.
There is a coffee shop called Fitzbillies located in the centre of the city that provides French food, and is not friendly to children. i would give it  3 out of 5.
The Fitzbillies is near Express by Holiday Inn and has an average customer rating, is cheap, and is family friendly.
There is a low ranked pub The Wrestlers that is family friendly and serves food and drinks.
The Golden Curry is not family-friendly.  It serves French food.  The customer rating is low.
The Phoenix is a cheap Indian restaurant in the river side. Rating is 5 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge has an average customer rating with a low price range of less than £20.
Next to Café Rouge is a highly rated Fast food venue called Midsummer House.
Near Yippee Noodle Bar there is a type of Pub called Strada where customers rate highly the Indian Food served there.
Located riverside, Clowns is a high priced pub receiving 3 out of 5 stars.
Near Café Rouge is a pub called Green Man. It is at the riverside and serves English food.
Giraffe is a pub style fast food restaurant in the riverside area that is also children friendly.
Cocum is a highly rated child friendly pub costing more than 30 pounds.
Kid friendly The Waterman has a price range of more then £30.
Aromi is an Indian restaurant near the city centre.
There is a family-Friendly Italian pub Zizzi with a low customer rating.
Fitzbillies provides Chinese food in the cheap price range. It is near The Six Bells.
Blue Spice is expensive with a high customer rating. It is children friendly and is located in the riverside area.
Wildwood is a mid priced coffee shop that has wine, its located near Ranch.
Luton based restaurant Aromi serves Italian food.
The Cricketers coffee shop offers high-rating Japanese food near The Portland Arms and is kid-friendly.
A kid friendly toy, The Waterman, is average price.
The Twenty Two is located in the area of riverside that is kid friendly and serves fast food.
The Punter is an expensive but family friendly coffee shop located near Café Sicilia. It has high customer ratings.
A cheap Chinese food place that is not family friendly but has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 in the riverside are near Express by Holiday Inn is The Rice Boat.
Cotto is a Japanese restaurant located near Ranch.  Cotton is kid friendly and has been highly rated by customers.
Fitzbillies is an affordable Italian restaurant located near The Six Bells.
The Plough is a pub that provides French food in the moderate prices.  It is located near to the Café Rouge and it is friendly for kids.
Near All Bar One is an Indian restaurant called Green Man. It is moderately priced and not kid friendly. It is in riverside.
Cocum is a high priced coffee shop and restaurant that is family friendly.
Zizzi is a coffee shop located near riverside. The price range is £20-25 and they have a high customer rating. They are not kid friendly.
Loch Fyne is a restaurant that is not very family friendly serves Chinese with price ranges usually less than £20.
In the city centre there is an expensive Indian restaurant called The Phoenix.  It has a high rating.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop providing Indian food in the less than £20 price range. It is located in the riverside. It is near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Cambridge Blue is a more expensive pub in Café Brazil.
Near Raja Indian Cuisine, The Wrestlers coffee shop has high prices and facilities for the family.
An average priced pub is The Vaults near Café Adriatic, it has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Located near The Six Bells is Fitzbillies, offering French food for mid-range prices.
In the riverside area, there is a fast food restaurant named Giraffe. It is children friendly and has pub like food.
Near Café Rouge is a high rated restaurant called Wildwood
Alimentum provides Indian food in the less than £20 price range. It is located in the city centre.
The Rice Boat, on the riverside near Express by Holiday Inn is child friendly, serves high price Fast food and has a customer Rating 1 out of 5.
A child-friendly establishment, Fitzbillies has a high price range and average ratings and can be found near the Express by Holiday Inn.
The Golden Curry is an English, kid friendly restaurant with high customer ratings.
The Rice Boat is a family friendly English style restaurant in the riverside area with a very high customer satisfaction rating.
Taste of Cambridge is located in the city centre near the Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is not family-friendly, and is a French restaurant.
The Waterman serves English food and has a high price range. It is near riverside. It is not kid friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Strada has an average rating, is cheap, and is family friendly.
Located near The Portland Arms is a cheap fast food coffee shop called Cotto.  It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 in the city centre area.
Fitzbillies is located near Express by Holiday Inn. It is child friendly, in the high price range, and rated 1 out of 5 by customers.
When looking for a drink and great sushi, look no further than The Olive Grove, located near the city centre.
The Phoenix is a Chinese restaurant. It has a high price range. The customer ratings are average. The phoenix is located in the city centre.
Browns Cambridge is a non family friendly sushi bar located next to The Sorrento.
Giraffe is an amazing riverside pub that you can go to for any French cravings. Unfortunately its a pub, so its not good for your children, but a night out with your friends is perfect for Giraffe.
Wildwood is a pub providing Chinese food in the more than £30 price range. Its customer rating is high.
Browns Cambridge is an Italian moderate place. Rated 3 out of 5.
The Waterman is a high rated pub in the riverside area that serves Italian.
Taste of Cambridge located in riverside near Crown Plaza Hotel is a family friendly Japanese coffee shop
Fitzbillies is a Japanese coffee shop in city centre with a low customer rating. They are not child friendly and have a price range of more than 30.
There is a 1 out of 5 rating coffee shop called Cocum that isn't kid friendly that has moderately priced Italian food.
The restaurant called The Cambridge Blue got English food but a bad customer rating.
Blue Spice is a high end Italian restaurant in Riverside.
Midsummer House is near Café Rouge. It serves fast food with a good rating.
Midsummer House is a French restaurant near Café Rouge.  It has a low customer rating.
With very low customer ratings, Aromi is a coffee shop serving Japanese food. It is family friendly and is located in the riverside area.
The Golden Curry serves fast food in the Riverside area near Café Rouge.  It features an excellent customer rating, but is not family-friendly.
Green Man is located in riverside and is near All Bar One, prices range from £20 and below and is family friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop near the Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre.  It serves French food.  The customer rating is average and it is not family-friendly.
The Rice Boat has all day dining for all the family, and is located near Express by Holiday Inn.
The Rice Boat is a Japanese restaurant with a high customer rating in the price range £20-25 with no kids friendly atmosphere. It is located in the city centre near Express by Holiday Inn.
Alimentum is a moderately priced, kid friendly English restaurant near the city centre.
There is a low-rated English restaurant, The Waterman, that provides dishes for less than 20 pounds in a non-family-friendly environment.
There is a child friendly Italian highly rated coffee shop in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel.  It is called Browns Cambridge.
Wildwood is a pub that has a great price range. It is a pub that serves Italian food
coffee shop near The Bakers is in the high price range, Giraffe is not children-friendly with a customer rating 3 out of 5.
The Vaults is an average price range family friendly French food establishment.
The Vaults is a cheap, family friendly restaurant that serves Indian food.
Browns Cambridge is a riverside fast food coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel.  It is not family-friendly but has an average rating.
Strada, near Rainbow Vegetarian Café, offers fast-food and a family friendly environment.  It is expensive, but it has a 5 out of 5 rating.
Located near All Bar One, Midsummer House serves English cuisine in the moderate price range. It's been rated a 3 out of  5 by customers.
The Waterman is a restaurant serving Italian food. It is child-friendly. This is a cheap place. It is located in the city center. Customer Ratings are 5 out of 5
A place that is child friendly, along the riverside and sells English food is The Twenty Two
A kid friendly restaurant called The Golden Curry serves English food. The prices are moderate. It is near The Bakers.
located near The Rice Boat within riverside The Twenty Two  with its low ratings is children Friendly and is priced more than £30
Close to The Bakers is the Giraffe. This family friendly coffee shop has a price range of less than £20. It has been rated Average by customers.
In the area of riverside there is a pub near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café, called The Golden Palace. Their average price Range is more than £30.
There's a not friendly for family coffee shop called The Cricketers near to The Portland Arms. It is providing take-away deliveries and has 1 out of 5 stars.
Green Man is a moderate priced restaurant in City Centre that is not kid friendly.
Blue Spice is a restaurant providing Indian food in the high price range .
In riverside there is a Japanese coffee shop named Aromi. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 and is located in riverside.
The Golden Curry is a fast food restaurant with a high price range. It is near The Bakers, and is not children friendly.
Situated close for The Portland Arms is our three star adult only Cotto establishment.
There is a highly rated French coffee shop called The Cricketers that is located near The Portland Arms. It is child friendly.
The Vaults is a cheap coffee shop in the city centre near Café Brazil and it has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Vaults is moderate price coffee shop that is riverside, near Café Brazil. It has received a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The 5 star coffee shop The Vaults is located near Café Brazil. It is aimed at a high price range.
Browns Cambridge serves Japanese food and is moderately priced with 3 out of 5 stars
The Vaults is a non family friendly restaurant with a moderate price range.
The Golden Curry is Indian food restaurant in riverside, near Café Rouge. It has an average customer rating but it is child friendly.
Fitzbillies, located near Express by Holiday Inn, has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is in a price range higher than £30 and is not child-friendly.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop and yes it is child friendly. It is near the riverside and has a high customer rating selling English food with a price range of more than 30 pounds.
Aromi is a coffee shop offering Japanese food in the Riverside area.  The location has received a customer rating of 5 out of 5 in part to its children-friendly environment.
The Plough is a pub that provides Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is near Café Rouge.
The Waterman, located near the river, serves expensive Oriental food.
The Vaults is a Japanese restaurant.
Chinese restaurant, The Dumpling Tree. Price is more than £30.
Fitzbillies coffee shop that offers Italian food. is not a family-friendly prices are between £ 20-25. it is near The Portland Arms. Customer ratings are low. It is located in the riverside
There is a cheap French coffee shop with a customer rating of 5 to 5 located near the city centre in The Portland Arms area named Cotto
Blue Spice near riverside is a moderate price range Japanese food
The Wrestlers is a moderately-priced Italian coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre which is not kid friendly.
Clowns is a coffee shop  near Clare Hall providing Japanese food, it is located  by the river side its the best place, It has best rating among the other coffee shops.
In the city there is a moderately priced family coffee shop called Cocum.
a not family friendly fast food place is The Sorrento by Browns Cambridge
Located riverside you will find The Olive Grove pub offering Chinese food. They are not children friendly and have high prices.
Fitzbillies is family friendly and expensive.  Located outside of the City centre.
Near Café Rouge is a cheap, family friendly pub called The Plough.
Along the riverside, there is a moderately priced, kids friendly pub, called The Olive Grove.
The Eagle coffee Shop, located in the City centre, offers moderately priced Italian cuisine suitable for kids as well as adults.  With a customer rating of 1 out of 5, it is an alternative to the Burger King located nearby.
Strada is a restaurant in a low price rage, Located north of Rainbow Vegetarian Café. all family types welcome including children.
There is a riverside fast food restaurant, The Phoenix, which has a price range of 20-25 pounds and a high customer rating.
The Phoenix provides Indian food It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is low.
Browns Cambridge is an Italian coffee shop that is kid friendly in riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
There is a pub styled restaurant that servers Japanese food with a price range of less than £20 called Wildwood. Wildwood has an average customer rating.
There is a moderate priced average restaurant that serves pub fare called The Vaults near Café Adriatic.
Taste of Cambridge is a family-friendly Italian coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel in City Centre.
Strada is children friendly, priced more than £30 and has a low customer rating.
a children friendly coffee shop near The Portland Arms is The Cricketers. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Cotto coffee shop, serving affordable gourmet fast food on the river, just along from The Portland Arms.
Riverside  fast food and coffee shop Clowns positive customer ratings near Clare Hall.
The Punter offers Indian food for less than 20 pounds.
The pub Wildwood  has fast food and a high customer rating. Price range is more than £30.
Green Man serves Indian food and the price range is average. It is located in the city centre near All Bar One and is kid friendly.
Cocum is a family-friendly coffee shop with excellent reviews, but is not cheap
The Wrestlers serves moderately priced French food. It is has a rating of 1 out of 5 and is not child friendly.
At a price range over £30, city centre hosts the restaurant The Eagle with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Sushi and more can be found at the upscale Cotto located near The Portland Arms.
The Phoenix is an Italian restaurant located by the river. It has great reviews with a five star rating.
English food inspired The Plough pub is not kid friendly and is located near Café Rouge. It offers a moderate price range.
Fitzbillies by the Rainbow Vegetarian Café, has and average price of £30.
The Plough is a child-friendly pub that serves French food. It is located near Café Rouge, and its prices are generally higher than £30.
For great Chinese food, Browns Cambridge is worth the price.
Browns Cambridge is a fast food coffee shop. It is located in Riverside near the Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is children friendly but has a low customer rating.
Alimentum is a moderately priced fast food restaurant in city centre near Yippee Noodle Bar.  They have a 1 out of 5 customer rating.
In the riverside area is a children friendly place with a price range of more than £30. The name is The Waterman and it serves English food and has a high customer rating.
The family friendly restaurant The Plough is located near The Bakers and is cheap.
The Rice Boat is an English food serving place located in the city center that is not family-friendly and has an average customer rating.
Wildwood Pub is a high rated restaurant that is not too expensive.
The Cambridge Blue is a low customer rating, English restaurant.
The Rice Boat is a moderately priced Chinese restaurant located near the Express by Holiday Inn in Riverside. The Customer rating is 1 out of 5 and is not kid friendly.
With a 1 out of 5 customer rating, The Wildwood is a Japanese pub with a moderate price range.
Cotto, near Ranch, is a fast food restaurant that is kid-friendly and rated 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies serves fast food with a £30 plus price range. You can find it near The Six Bells
Near the riverside is the Zizzi restaurant.  It has a price range between 20 to 25.
Aromi is a restaurant in riverside serving English food.
Cotto is a coffee shop providing Indian food in the moderate price range. It is located in the riverside. It is near The Portland Arms. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
Strada offers Chinese food at price range of £20-25. Its customer rating is high. Kids are friendly. Locate near to Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
Giraffe is a pub by the riverside. It serves Italian food and is family friendly.
Blue Spice provides nice food at great middle prices. It is located in the city centre.
The Wrestlers serves hamburgers and welcomes families.  Enjoy fries in a family friendly environment.
There is a pub near The Portland Arms known as The Dumpling Tree, and it is child friendly.
Strada is a low priced Indian restaurant that has received a perfect rating.  It is not family friendly, and it is located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
The Golden Curry offers high priced Italian food in a children friendly environment. It is located near The Bakers.
The Strada has English food, is kid friendly, has a moderate price range, but a customer rating 1 of 5. It's near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
The Rice Boat offers Indian food in the high price range, it is not family friendly and has an average customer rating. This establishment is located in the riverside area near the Express by Holiday Inn.
A highly rated family restaurant at riverside is The Rice Boat, it serves Indian food.
A high rated family restaurant is called The Golden Curry.
In riverside, a kids friendly coffee shop named Aromi is kids friendly with customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Wrestlers provides Indian food in the high price range. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Phoenix is an Indian restaurant which is located in the city centre. It's within a moderate price range with a rating of 1 out of 5.
There is an inexpensive and highly rated Italian restaurant, called The Phoenix located outside the centre of the city.
The Golden Palace is a fast food coffee shop located in the city centre. Price range is moderate with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Bibimbap House serves Japanese food for less than £20. It is located near Clare Hall in riverside.
There is pub with an average customer rating in the riverside area called Clowns.  Food is in the less than £20 range.
A French restaurant, Strada can be found near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café. Though at the high end of price range, it welcomes children and attracts a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
There is an Italian restaurant called The Golden Curry that is family friendly and has an average customer rating in the riverside area near Café Rouge.
Clowns is a pub located in the Riverside area. It has a low customer rating but costs less than £20.
Located near the riverside, family friendly pub The Olive Grove serves Italian food at mid range prices.
There is a high priced Chinese restaurant named The Wrestlers that is not child friendly and has a 1 out of 5 customer rating.
Cheap fast food coffee shop, Fitzbillies is near the riverside. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 and is not family-friendly.
Fitzbillies is a Chinese restaurant. It has a moderate price range. it is located near The Six Bells.
The Rice Boat in Riverside near the Express by Holiday Inn is child friendly and offers fast food but they are expensive and only have a 1 out of 5 star customer rating.
Clowns is a non-family-friendly restaurant near Café Sicilia with a price range more than L30.
Located in the riverside area near Express by Holiday Inn is The Rice Boat. It serves expensive Japanese food but has a 5 out of 5 customer rating. It is not child friendly.
Midsummer House is a cheap fast food place near All Bar One. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Cricketers, boasts a rating of 5 out of 5..  This coffee shop specializes in French food and is not family-friendly.  It is located near The Portland Arms.
Alimentum is a child friendly Italian in the Riverside area, but is high priced.
If you are seeking a fine Japaneses cuisine you really want to stop by The Rice Boat near Riverside. They have a 5 out of 5 rating and are very child friendly.
The Wrestlers is located near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre. It is a Japanese coffee shop with a price range of more than £30 and is not kid-friendly.
Aromi is a coffee shop that offers food and drinks for families.
The Cricketers is a one star pub near the Ranch that is not family friendly.
In riverside area near Yippee Noodle Bar is a slightly expensive but highly recommended Chinese called Alimentum.
Zizzi boasts a five star rating, and sells sushi in a family pub setting.
Near riverside and Crowne Plaza Hotel is a kid friendly, fast food coffee shop called Taste of Cambridge.
The Mill is a relatively expensive pub that is located north of the city center., beside the river. They serve a wide selection of pasta dishes.
There is a coffee shop near the river called Fitzbillies. The prices and quality are substandard, but there are no children allowed.
When you go to the city centre be sure to go in an affordable coffee shop called The Fitzbillies,
The Punter coffee shop is a highly rated French restaurant near Café Sicilia the offers food in the range of £20 to £25. It is a kid friendly restaurant.
The Golden Curry near Café Rouge, serves English food and is family friendly. The Golden Curry has a high customer rating and is in a riverside area.
Aromi is a coffee shop in the city centre that provides Indian food. It is not family friendly and has low customer ratings.
The Waterman is a cheap Fast food restaurant with average rating in the riverside area that is family friendly.
Located riverside near Express by Holiday Inn,  The Rice Boat, serves Chinese food for more than £30 and has a high customer rating.   It is not child friendly.
A coffee shop, The Golden Palace, serves moderately priced Indian food that is highly rated by customers.  It is located in the city centre.
Zizzi is a family friendly place that offers Asian cuisine.
The Plough pub and restaurant serves Chinese food from £20-25 to kids and parents near the Café Rouge
A kids friendly restaurant called The Vaults sells Japanese food ranging from £20-25.
Wildwood is a coffee shop located near Ranch. It provides wine, cheese and olives for a high price.
The Bibimbap House serves Indian food at less than average prices. They are located in the city centre  near Clare Hall.
The Vaults coffee shop is by the riverside near to the Café Brazil. Its price range is less than £20 and has a low customer rating.
There is a pub named Zizzi offering Japanese food, and is a children friendly pub which is rated 3 on 5 by customers
Strada is a pub serving English food near Yippee Noodle Bar and has an excellent customer rating.
The Waterman serves fast food, is family-friendly and cheap prices. Averagely rated by customers and located in the city centre.
Green Man is near All Bar One providing French, affordable cuisine and is adult friendly.
The Mill is  a pub style restaurant offering English  food. The price range is above £30. Conveniently located around riverside.
Wildwood is a cheap Italian food pub in Wildwood with average customer ratings.
The Plough pub located by Café Rouge offers cheap family friendly English food.
The Golden Palace, a coffee shop, has Italian food. Located in the riverside area, the prices are low and the customer ratings are high
The well reviewed, Kid friendly pub called Zizzi serves Chinese.
In the city centre there is a low priced place called The Blue Spice which is not family friendly.
Blue Spice is a cheap coffee shop with a 5 out of 5 rating . This family friendly establishment is located in riverside near Avalon.
For family friendly English food, The Golden Curry is rated 5 out of 5.
A Japanese venue with a low customer rating is Alimentum near the Yippee Noodle Bar in the city centre, costing under £20
Low rating The Golden Curry located in the city centre near the Café Rouge is family Friendly specializing in Chinese foods.
The Eagle is low customer rating coffee shop. It's  not family-friendly and is near the Burger King in the centre of the city. It has a price range of less than £20.
If you are looking for Japanese food located in the picturesque riverside then look no further than the cheap priced The Waterman.  This family friendly restaurant is currently rated 5 out of 5 by its customers.
There is a child friendly coffee shop at the riverside. It is called Browns Cambridge, located near the Crowne Plaza Hotel. They serve fast food and have a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Midsummer House, near All Bar One is expensive and one star rated
The Olive Grove is a pub in the average range. It is located in the city centre.
Offering Fast food, The Eagle is rates 3 out of 5.
The Twenty Two is a kids-friendly fast food place in the riverside area.
For a riverside coffee shop, head to Aromi. It is a family friendly, highly rated coffee shop serving fast food.
Japanese food for £20-£25, head to The Punter.
There is a family friendly restaurant called The Vaults serving Japanese food for less than £20.
In city centre, there is a moderately priced pub style Chinese place called The Olive Grove and they are kid friendly.
There is an Italian pub in the riverside area called The Waterman that has high customer ratings.
The Taste of Cambridge coffee shop is in the riverside area near the Crown Plaza Hotel and is kids friendly.
Near Burger King in the city center area is an Italian coffee shop that is child friendly with a high price range named The Eagle that was given an average customer rating.
A 1 star restaurant is located near Café Rouge and north of the City Centre, it is called The Golden Curry
The Olive Grove is a premium family-friendly pub located on the river to the north of the City centre serving a selection of wines and cheeses.
The family friendly pub Zizzi serves French food and has an average customer rating.
With a customer rating of 1 out of 5, Alimentum, near Yippee Noodle Bar can be found in the city centre selling English cuisine at moderate prices.
The Giraffe coffee shop in The Bakers seems to offer good coffee and adult environment.
The Golden Curry is a Japanese restaurant near The Bakers. It is not kid friendly.
The Waterman is a cheap family friendly restaurant located in the riverside area. It has an average customer rating.
Cocum offers French food and is based around a coffee shop. Even though it is not family-friendly and has an average rating the prices are less than £20
Located near Express by Holiday Inn, The Rice Boat, is a family friendly establishment with a low cost. It is in the riverside area and serves English flare. It has a customer rating of average.
Located in the city centre, Zizzi is a family friendly pub offering Japanese food.  It has a one star rating.
The Cricketers, near Ranch, is pub style , children friendly and rated 1 out of 5.
The Bibimbap House, located by The Rice Boat on the riverside, serves English food.
The Golden Palace coffee shop serves Japanese food for £20-25.  This highly reviewed coffee shop is located in the city centre area.
The Phoenix, located in Riverside, is a highly rated Chinese restaurant. Prices are above average for the area, with meals costing above £30.
The Plough, near Café Rouge, is a family friendly pub. It serves reasonably priced English food.
For an Italian restaurant in the Riverside area, try Aromi.
Located on the river, Blue Spice is a cheap place to find a full English Breakfast.
The Rice Boat, a Chinese restaurant with an average rating, is high in price and children-friendly.  It is near riverside and Express by Holiday Inn.
Alimentum is located in the riverside area near the Yippee Noodle Bar. It has a high customer rating, serves Indian food and the price range is more than £30.
The Punter, located in the city, offers sushi at a higher price range.
Loch Fyne is a kids friendly restaurant, which offers Indian food.
Japanese restaurant Cotto near Ranch has a children friendly environment but a low customer rating.
The Rice Boat near Express by Holiday Inn in the City centre has good British meals that are affordable and the spot is child friendly.
For a five star coffee experience, come down to the riverside and visit Fitzbillies, for real French style coffee.
For a family friendly restaurant serving Japanese food, try Cotto. It's near the Ranch and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Loch Fyne is  a high-priced child-friendly Fast food restaurant.
The Rice Boat, located along the riverside and near the Express by Holiday Inn, is a family-friendly restaurant providing Japanese food. Its rating is pretty low, but it's affordable as you can eat with less than 20£.
Fitzbillies offers low-cost British food. It is located next to The Six Bells.
A family-friendly with English foods in riverside. Near Café Rouge, The Golden Curry with average customer rating.
Fitzbillies is based in the riverside area, offering Italian food in the coffee shop at a moderate price.
The Rice Boat, a fast food restaurant that is child friendly, is located in Riverside and received an average customer rating.
Located in Riverside, The Twenty Two is a French restaurant that is not kid friendly.
At the riverside area, there is a low-priced place called Blue Spice.
For a kid friendly Japanese experience, try the Green Man near All Bar One on the riverside. Price range is typically £20-25.
Excellent, moderately-priced Italian food, suitable for families with children, is served at The Rice Boat, which is located on the riverside near the Express by Holiday Inn.
You can eat Indian food on the riverside at The Mill pub for £20 or less.
The Phoenix is an excellent restaurant at an affordable price.
Zizzi is a pub offering Japanese food in a child friendly environment. It has a customer ranking of 5 out of 5.
The Waterman in high price range is children Friendly
The expensive, but poorly rated pub located near Café Adriatic, is called The Vaults
With a low customer rating, The Waterman is not a family-friendly restaurant. It serves Italian food and has a price range of less than £20, located along the riverside.
Down by the riverside, the best Italian food at a coffee shop is The Golden Palace supported by its high customer rating despite meals being over 30 Euros.
The Twenty Two is located near The Rice Boat in the city center, it is non family-friendly with a low customer rating, but there price ranges are less than £20.
The Wrestlers offers Indian food with price range of more than 30 with customer rating of high and children friendly.
Fitzbillies is a child friendly, above average priced restaurant located near the Express by Holiday Inn with high customer satisfaction.
Wildwood, a fast food coffee shop, has a high customer rating, and food prices ranging from £20 to £25. It is located near the Ranch.
Blue Spice is a coffee shop in Avalon in the riverside area. It has a customer rating of average and is not family-friendly. Prices are less that £20.
The restaurant Travellers Rest Beefeater is family friendly with a price range of less than £20.
There is a very affordable dine-in restaurant near All Bar One called Midsummer House.
When in riverside, grab some cheap eats at Fitzbillies. This coffee shop provides affordable fast food and has a 5 out of 5 rating by customers. It's not family-friendly though, so leave the kids at home.
Midsummer House is located near All Bar One. It has expensive food and beverage and has a rating of 3 of 5 stars.
Located in riverside near Express by Holiday Inn is an Italian restaurant called The Rice Boat. This is a moderately priced adult restaurant with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Loch Fyne is a family French restaurant with prices between £20-25
The Cambridge Blue is a pub with  a price range of less then £20 that server Italian food near Café Brazil
The Plough is a moderate price Ranged restaurant. The Plough is located near The Bakers and is not kid friendly.
The Punter is a British restaurant offering food for people on a tight budget.
The Japanese food restaurant, The Twenty Two, is kids friendly.
The Twenty Two is children Friendly in the riverside area and has Fast food.
The Rice Boat Fast food restaurant near Express by Holiday Inn offers a moderate priced menu in the riverside area.  kids-friendly with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
A moderately priced coffee shop, Zizzi, is located in the city centre, It is kid friendly with a customer rating below average.
The Olive Grove is a pub providing English food. It is located city center. Less than £20 price range, no family-friendly.
Blue Spice has moderately priced Japanese Food in the City Centre.
For good quality French food in a child friendly pub near the river and All Bar One, try The Green Man.
The Cambridge Blue is an Italian restaurant rated 3 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a family friendly coffee shop near the riverside that serves inexpensive Italian food with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
A moderate priced pub, named The Vaults is near Café Adriatic, the customer rating is 3 out of 5.
Near Clare Hall in the city centre, Bibimbap House has fast food in the less than £20 price range.
The Waterman is a family friendly Italian spot with low ratings and prices under £20 in riverside.
For highly rated Indian food try The Cambridge Blue restaurant.
Bibimbap House hither to Clare Hall location riverside have cost more than £30 of Japanese eats.
Adults can enjoy French food at The Eagle which is a mid priced coffee shop situated in the city centre near Burger King. It has average customer ratings.
There's a Japanese place called The Vaults where you can take kids.  It's about twenty to twenty five pounds.
The Cambridge Blue is a Fast food pub with a cheap price range, near Café Brazil
Midsummer House serves Chinese food with a price range of £20-25 and a high customer rating, located near the All Bar One.
Fitzbillies is a family-friendly city centre coffee shop that serves good Indian food at reasonable prices.
There is a moderate coffee shop named The Punter near Café Sicilia with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and it's serving Italian food but it's not kids-friendly
In the city centre there is an English food venue called The Rice Boat, it isn't family-friendly an has a low customer rating.
There is a high-priced children-friendly pub named Cocum that has 3 out of 5 customer
There is a high priced restaurant that serves Italian food in city centre called Blue Spice.
Moderately priced and located near Burger King, The Eagle is a coffee shop that sells fast food. It has a three out of five customer rating and is not children friendly.
The Waterman rates 5 out of 5, they are an English pub in the riverside area
The Waterman is a low rated Indian pub in a riverside area.
Rated 3 out of 5, The Golden Palace is a coffee shop that serves Japanese food. It is located in the city centre area and has a high price range.
There is a restaurant named The Vaults that offers Indian food.
Serving English food, the Green Man pub is located near Café Rouge in the riverside area.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that serves Indian food in the cheap price range. The customer rating is average. It is located in the riverside. It is not family friendly
Browns Cambridge is a kid-friendly English eatery. Near The Sorrento, on the riverside
A fast food restaurant that costs £20-£25 is called The Punter
Located near The Portland Arms, The Dumpling Tree is a family friendly English pub
Strada pub is a 5-star sushi restaurant near Yippee Noodle Bar.
Midsummer House is a restaurant providing a variety of small bites at affordable prices.  It is located near All Bar One.
Fitzbillies is a family friendly coffee shop with a good customer rating and moderate prices.
Loch Fyne is a child friendly, Italian restaurant.
Located riverside, The Olive Grove offers a moderate priced pub and yes to kid friendly eats.
The Waterman is known for its great ratings.
Taste of Cambridge is a highly rated restaurant with a moderate price range
Midsummer House is a farm to table restaurant just steps outside of the Café Rouge
Fitzbillies has a high customer rating and a price range of £20-25. It is kids friendly and is near Express by Holiday Inn.
Browns Cambridge is a high end fine dining restaurant that also serves wine.
Browns Cambridge is family-friendly coffee shop, customer rate 5 out of 5, serving French food. It is located in city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
We do not offer a child-friendly environment. Japanese food is served here at The Olive Grove. Our pub is very low-priced. Located in the city centre
The Punter is near The Portland Arms in the riverside area. It is not kid friendly and the price range is really moderate.
The Vaults is an Indian food restaurant. It has a high price range and is not child friendly.
Midsummer House is a mid-priced restaurant near All Bar One.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop in the riverside serving Italian food. It's child friendly and has a high customer rating. The price range is over £30.
The Vaults is a family-friendly Chinese restaurant with low prices.
With an average customer rating, Cotto, a local coffee shop located in the City Centre near The Portland Arms offers Indian food at a very cheap price.
The Wrestlers is a mid range restaurant in the city centre.
The Rice Boat provides Indian food It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is average.
The Browns Cambridge is located in the city centre near The Sorrento. They have Italian food and is not family- friendly.
The Wrestlers is a cheap, non family-friendly Italian Café with a average customer rating.
For less than £20 per head, try Zizzi. It's a family friendly coffee shop located by the riverside.
The Cambridge Blue is located near Café Brazil. It is a Fast food pub with a fairly high price.
In riverside The Eagle has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and is priced high.
If you want to try some tasty Indian food, try The Rice Boat by the riverside. It isn't very family friendly and has an average rating.
Fitzbillies offers Italian food at a moderate price range. Located in the city centre this coffee shop is children friendly.
A family friendly Indian restaurant option is a pub named Zizzi.  They have a rating of 1 out of 5.
Blue Spice, near Avalon in the riverside are is a coffee shop that is moderately priced. They received a 3 out of 5 customer rating.
The Eagle coffee shop serves food at mid range prices.  It is family friendly and has a three star rating.  It is based in the riverside area near Burger King.
Looking for a coffee shop serving Indian food in the cheap price range with average customer ratings in the riverside area near Burger King and is family friendly, then visit The Eagle.
The Green Man is a kid friendly fast food restaurant near All Bar One. The food is 20-25.
Cotto is located in the area of riverside, near of the All Bar One. The price range  in Cotto is less than   £20.
Loch Fyne is located near The Rice Boat.  It has an excellent rating.
There's a French restaurant called The Golden Curry, it's near The Bakers, it's cheap and yes it's family friendly.
The coffee shop named The Punter has a moderate price range delicious food, with a moderate price range. They have Italian food, but is not kid friendly and located bear Café Sicilia with a customer rating of 1 out 5.
The Cambridge Blue is a high rated French restaurant.
Wildwood is a pub in Cambridge that has different drink selection different food with currently a 1 star rating
Aromi is lovely, children friendly pub. It is located in riverside area. There is cheap pub Aromi that provides average service and food. Aromi pub is children friendly just on riverside.
The Vaults is a expensive Chinese restaurant that is not children friendly.
Wildwood, near Ranch, is an coffee shop which specializes in French food. It is in the high price range, and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
There is a fast food pub in the riverside area, called The Mill, with a price range of 20-25 pounds.
There is an Italian restaurant with average customer ratings called The Wrestlers which is cheap.
Serving Japanese food, The Vaults is a wonderful and inexpensive adult night out.
Italian food, children friendly is what The Waterman is known for. Located in the city center with high prices and a customer rating 1 out of 5.
The Dumpling Tree is a low-priced English restaurant
The Eagle is an adult oriented coffee shop serving Italian food, located in the city centre near Burger King, with a low customer rating and a low price range.
Wildwood is a pub in the city that serves Japanese food. The pub has average customer ratings and cheap prices.
The Golden Curry is a Chinese restaurant that is kids friendly and has a 3 out of 5 rating.
kids friendly Fast food restaurant near Ranch called Cotto with a customer rating of 3 out of 5
Green Man is a Japanese restaurant with moderate prices but kids-friendly its close to All Bar One in the city centre
The Phoenix  restaurant , which was given an average customer rating is situated down by the riverside serving French food.
Aromis is a Fast food restaurant in the city centre area.
The Eagle is low price range coffee shop with Italian food, located in City centre near by Burger King.
There is this average expensive coffee shop near Riverside that sells Italian food, called The Golden Palace. It isn't anything special.
A family friendly place to get fast food is The Waterman. It's near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
A Chinese food restaurant, Alimentum offers food at a moderate price range. It has moderate customers rating and is located in the city centre, near Yippee Noodle Bar
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop, near the River Cam in Cambridge, that serves seafood and sushi. It has a three-star rating.
Midsummer House, next to All Bar One, serves American hamburgers and fries of great quality.
Try Bibimbap House, near Clare Hall in the city centre for moderately priced French food.
The price range for Wildwood is moderate. It is a pub that serves Italian food, but it has a rating of 1 out 5.
There is an Italian restaurant that has 3 stars and high-priced menu options called Browns Cambridge.
There is a no kid friendly coffee shop called The Wrestlers located at the city centre. They serve fast food, their price range is moderate, and they are near Raja Indian Cuisine.
With a high price range near The Portland Arms, Cotto, a city center, has a customer rating 1 out of 5. There is a coffee shop with fast food.
The Cambridge Blue is a fast food style restaurant.
There is a high customer rating restaurant The Rice Boat located near Express by Holiday Inn in the riverside that provides Japanese food. Its price is £20-25 and no kids friendly.
Cocum is a French coffee shop with a high price range. It is not child friendly and has a rating of 5 out of 5.
Cocum is a moderate priced, kid friendly pub with low ratings.
for fast food try, The Twenty Two in riverside for a family friendly experience.
There is a restaurant in the riverside area named The Waterman, that serves Indian food within the price range of £20-25, has a high customer rating, and is kid friendly.
Strada is located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café. It is family friendly and offers Italian food. It has average customer ratings and high prices.
The Wildwood is a Chinese pub with a price range of less than £20 and a low customer rating.
The Mill is a coffee shop located in the city centre near The Sorrento. It serves French food in the moderate price range.
The Riverside area Japanese  restaurant, The Phoenix, has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Punter coffee shop Chinese cuisine at good prices. families welcome. Near Café Sicilia.
Known as 'average' and 'Family Friendly' , The Cricketers offers pub food near the Ranch
Bibimbap House provides Chinese food It is located in the city centre. It is near The Rice Boat.
The Rice Boat is an affordable, family-friendly, winery. Located just North of City centre, and right next to Express by Holiday Inn makes it an ideal tourist location.
The Eagle in city centre near Burger King delivers a family-friendly atmosphere, good customer service, and Japanese cuisine at an affordable price.
Browns Cambridge has Italian food. They have an average customer rating and have a cheap price range.
Green Man is in the centre of the city near Café Rouge and is an Indian pub.
The Twenty Two is not family friendly, but it dishes out Chinese food in the city center.
The Phoenix is an Indian eatery with a moderate price range, 3 out of 5 customer range, in the central city area.
Bibimbap House is located near The Rice Boat in the city centre and serves Fast food takeout.
Green Man is located on the riverside near All Bar One.  They offer kid friendly fast food from 20-25.
The Cricketers pub near Ranch is a high end experience for the entire family.
Alimentum is an expensive,  non-child-friendly establishment that serves Japanese food at the riverside.
Zizzi restaurant offers prices less than £20 in the riverside area.
Loch Fyne near The Rice Boat in the riverside area serve Italian food and have a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
In the city centre area is a coffee shop named Cotto near The Portland Arms. It serves Japanese food and has a moderate price range, The customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Wildwood pub has a moderate price range for its Chinese food and a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
If you're looking for Indian food, try the restaurant called Alimentum, it's right on the river, it's kid friendly, and the prices are cheap.
In riverside, near Express by Holiday Inn, is The Rice Boat. They serve Italian and are not child friendly. They have a high customer rating and are in the price range of more than 30
The customer gave The Phoenix a high rating at Riverside.
Indian food is served at  the  children friendly Zizzi pub.  It has an average customer rating.
Browns Cambridge has low customer satisfaction and you can expect to pay more than £30
The Waterman is an excellent, cheap Chinese restaurant located in the city centre, but it's not family friendly.
The Waterman is a 1 out of 5 English restaurant with a family friendly attitude. We do have high prices but that gives you the perks of eating over the riverside.
The Phoenix moderate priced good value English food with 3 out of 5 stars in the city center.
The Loch Fyne restaurant is not for the family and it is fast food.
The Golden Curry restaurant is a five star rated family friendly venue.
The Vaults, while not family-friendly, is an English restaurant with prices lower than 20 pounds.
there is a Fast food restaurant in the riverside area which is child friendly with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 called The Golden Curry which is near the Café Rouge
There is a low-priced restaurant near The Six Bells called Fitzbillies.
In the city center area is a fast food and coffee shop restaurant with a high price range named The Golden Palace that was given an average customer rating.
Japanese food in a children friendly riverside is the Browns Cambridge by The Sorrento
The Fitzbillies is a Japanese coffee shop.  They are kid friendly and moderately priced.  Located in Riverside, they have a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is located in the center of the city.  It is a coffee shop that serves French food and is kid friendly. It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and a price range of £20-25.
The Cocum is a non-family-friendly restaurant that has a low customer rating.
There's a coffee shop serving Italian food in the riverside area.  It's called The Mill and is near The Sorrento.  It has a high price range.
The Waterman, near the Crowne Plaza Hotel, is a Japanese restaurant. It is also kid friendly.
Rated 5 out of 5, The Waterman is affordable family friendly Indian restaurant in the riverside.
Browns Cambridge is a fast food restaurant near The Sorrento. It is located in the riverside, it is children friendly.
The Golden Palace coffee shop is a mid-priced shop located near the city centre, beside the river.
Inexpensive, 5-star rated, The Rice Boat serves sushi to your entire family. It is by Express by Holiday Inn.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that serves fast food for a high price. Fitzbillies is located at the city centre, and it is not child friendly. Fitzbillies has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Waterman is a public restaurant, located in riverside area, providing French food with a low Customer rating.
Alimentum is a Chinese restaurant with a low customer rating and moderate prices. It is located on the riverside near Yippee Noodle Bar.
The Twenty Two at riverside is not family-friendly, has a customer rating of average,  a price less than 20, and located near The Rice Boat.
Alimentum has Indian food for less than £20. It has a low customer rating and located in the City centre near Yippee Noodle Bar.
Bibimbap House offers Japanese for £20-25, it's on the riverside near Clare Hall
Blue Spice is a high rated child friendly establishment on the riverside with high pricing.
The Rice Boat is a highly rated Asian restaurant convenient to students at the nearby university, but also appropriate for families.
In city centre, near The Portland Arms is a cheap, Italian coffee shop called Cotto. They have a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Cotto is a customer recommended French coffee shop that offers affordable prices. It is located in the Riverside area near the The Portland Arms.
The Golden Palace, located in the city centre, is a low priced, low rated, Japanese coffee shop.
By the riverside is the Blue Spice whee you can eat for less than £20.
Aromi, a non-family,  ordinary pub in the city centre
The Rice Boat is a restaurant that offers Japanese food with a low customer-rating. They are children-friendly and reside on riverside.
For a child friendly French restaurant visit Loch Fyne.
Located near The Six Bells, Fitzbillies serves Indian food at moderate prices.
The Plough is a family-friendly pub near Café Rouge that has the price range less than £20
Clowns in a cheap, 5 out of 5 rated pub located in Riverside.
The Cambridge Blue pub serves Chinese food that is more than thirty pounds and is near Café Brazil.
On the riverside is the kid friendly Alimentum. They serve Chinese food and have a moderate price range.
Browns Cambridge is a cheap restaurant with a shitty rating.
The Rice Boat is a child friendly with a price range of more than £30 in the riverside area, with a high customer rating and English food, near Express by Holiday Inn.
This higher priced coffee shop near Avalon is child friendly, has riverside view, but has a low customer rating. Come try Blue Spice for yourself.
Cotto is a coffee shop that sells cheap Indian food located in the city centre near The Portland Arms. They have a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Cambridge Blue is a cheap, Japanese pub located near Café Brazil.
Wildwood is a coffee shop with Japanese food. Its located near Ranch with prices ranging from 20 to 25 dollars.
The Twenty Two is a sushi restaurant that is not family friendly.
The Rice Boat offers Indian dining in riverside.
Near The Portland Arms, The Dumpling Tree is a pub that offers Chinese food in a family friendly environment.
The Olive Grove is a pub located in river side witch servers up French food for less than £20 per person, we are sorry that no children are welcome.
Cotto is a kid-friendly restaurant.  It is located near Ranch.
For less than £20 you can enjoy Japanese food at a non family-friendly restaurant 'Alimentum' located in the city centre.
Loch Fyne is a children friendly restaurant which offers Italian food at moderate prices.
Browns Cambridge is an inexpensive restaurant serving English food.  Its customers rate it moderately.
Family Friendly The Wrestlers is a cheap coffee shop serving Fast food. It is located in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop situated in the riverside that serves Indian food. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 with a high price range. It is children friendly.
Wildwood is a three star, inexpensive pub that caters to wine pairings.
Taste of Cambridge is a family-friendly Italian coffee shop in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
A coffee shop that sells products less than £20 is Zizzi. They are not child friendly and have earned an average rating. They can be found is city centre.
I'm looking for the Chinese restaurant named The Rice Boat. It's in the city centre, near the Express by Holiday Inn. The customer rating is average, while the price range is high. The Rice Boat is also child friendly.
Fitzbillies is a French venue, it's situated close to The Six Bells and is cheap.
The Rice Boat is an affordable Chinese food restaurant with a 5 out of 5 customer rating near the riverside. It is family friendly and near Express by Holiday Inn.
Try Alimentum Japanese restaurant in the city centre. The ratings are low and the price range is more than 40. You can find it near the Yippee Noodle Bar.
The Plough is a pub with high prices, located near Café Rouge
Bibimbap House has Chinese food at less than  £20, Located near Clare Hall on the riverside.
The Eagle is a fast food coffee shop with an average customer rating. It is riverside near Burger King with a cheap price range. It is not family-friendly
French food that is family Friendly, The Waterman by the riverside is cheap and has a 5 out of 5 Rating
Located near Express by Holiday Inn, Fitzbillies is a high price range, family friendly place with an average customer rating.
Browns Cambridge is a child friendly coffee shop located on the riverside near the Crowne Plaza Hotel. They serve Indian food and have an average rating.
Strada is a high-priced restaurant that is children friendly.
A cheap Italian restaurant near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café with an average customer rating and isn't family-friendly is called Strada.
A pub serving Indian food in the moderate price range located in the city centre is The Mill.
Cocum is a 5-star, family friendly coffee shop in the mid-price range, offering escargot, cheeses and wines, and more.
The moderately priced, non-kid friendly Chinese restaurant, The Waterman, has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and is in the riverside area.
With a customer rating of 5 out of 5, The Cambridge Blue is the Japanese restaurant to be at.
The Browns Cambridge  is a family friendly eatery that provides Japanese food . It is located in the city centre near The Sorrento
The Eagle serves Indian food and has a 5 out of 5 rating
A kid friendly coffee shop near The Bakers is a highly rated place called Giraffe where the prices range from £20-25.
The Vaults serves moderately-priced French food and is kid-friendly.
The Plough is a restaurant providing warm food in the medium price range. It is located near The Bakers
In riverside there is a children friendly pub named The Olive Grove, priced at more than £30.
Chinese food is served at Midsummer House near All Bar One.  It is rated low by customers and is in the low price range.
The Rice Boat is a family friendly English restaurant with an average customer rating.
A somewhat expensive sushi restaurant, Strada is quality and family friendly, found just north of the Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
Cocum is a high price range coffee shop serving French food. It is child friendly and has a 3 out 5 customer rating.
The Fitzbillies is a family-friendly option located next to Express by Holiday Inn.  Reviews give the location a 1 out of 5 stars.
The Loch Fyne restaurant is kid friendly and serves Indian food.  It is moderately priced.
The Rice Boat's Indian Food is moderately priced with a dismal customer rating of 1 out of 5, located in the city centre, it is not children friendly and is near the Express by Holiday Inn.
Strada has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 with a price range between 20-25 euros and is not kid friendly.
The Golden Curry restaurant welcomes all the family and  is rated 5 stars
There is a cheap, family-friendly French restaurant in the city centre, called The Rice Boat. It has received a customer rating of 5 out of 5 and is located near the Express by Holiday Inn.
If you are looking for kids-friendly pub moderate priced go to the riverside at The Olive Grove.
The Wrestlers is a children friendly, more than £30 Japanese place with a low rating.
The Twenty Two yes people ate English at the city centre.
The Giraffe pub serves Indian food in the city centre and is not family friendly.
The Golden Curry has an average customer rating and serves Italian food. This restaurant is not family-friendly
The Eagle is a coffee shop serving Indian food at a high price. They are located near Burger King in riverside. with an average rating and are not child friendly.
Browns Cambridge is an children friendly place that serves French food. They are located near The Sorrento in the riverside area.
The  shop Fitzbillies near of The Six Bells we can get French food in less than £20
English Blue Spice has a high price range.  It is on the riverside.
Fitzbillies is a Japanese coffee shop located at city centre. It is family-friendly and low cost but has a low customer rating.
The Giraffe, a child-friendly pub that offers Italian cuisine, is located in the riverside area.
The Punter is a coffee shop selling fast food, located near Café Sicilia. It is not kid friendly, a moderate price range with a customer rating 1 out of 5.
Green Man provides Indian food in the average price range. It is located near All Bar One.
Green Man is a family-style restaurant located near All Bar One. The pricing at Green Man is mid-range. Green Man is near the River.
The Punter is a children friendly coffee shop near Café Sicilia. It serves French food costing more than  £30 and has an average customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop providing moderately priced Indian food. It is kid friendly and can be found in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Phoenix is a 1 star rated cheap restaurant next to the river
The Mill is a pub offering Fast food. It is located in riverside and is in a moderate price range.
A customer rated the coffee shop The Vaults  3 out 5 located near Café Brazil by riverside. The coffee shop has moderate price ranges.
Near All Bar One, there is a high priced Japanese restaurant named Midsummer House. It has received a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
For a pub that serves Italian food, visit The Mill.  It is located in the Riverside area.  The prices range from £20-25.
For a family friendly pub located near Ranch, The Cricketers is a wonderful choice with an average customer rating.
Browns Cambridge is an adult Japanese coffee shop located in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel. They have received poor customer reviews.
A pub called Zizzi is a great place to eat Chinese food. The customers have given it outstanding ratings, especially for its family friendly environment
Located on the riverside, near The Sorrento, Browns Cambridge is a family friendly establishment that serves English cuisine.
Serving Fast food and child-friendly, Browns Cambridge is a restaurant near The Sorrento in riverside.
In the city centre, near the Express by Holiday Inn, is a Fast food restaurant called The Rice Boat.  The restaurant has a 5 out of 5 rating, boasting a family-friendly environment and cheap prices.
The Punter near Café Sicilia is a coffee shop serving Italian food in the high price range with average ratings and not child friendly.
The Plough is a pub providing dine in the low price range. It is located beside Café Rouge and welcome families.
Blue Spice is a kids friendly coffee shop near Avalon with a low price range in the riverside
The Cambridge Blue is a pub that serves Indian food in a high price range. It is located near Café Brazil.
The Golden Curry Indian restaurant is a good for the whole family.  Average customer rating is 1 out of 5.
There's a no kids friendly Japanese coffee shop by the riverside with a 3 out of 5 rating with prices £20-25 called Fitzbillies.
Fast food restaurant name Loch Fyne is kid friendly.
A moderately priced Browns Cambridge is rated 1 out of 5 stars.
Near the riverside is a not family-friendly, low rated restaurant called The Waterman that serves Japanese food for less than £20.
The Golden Curry is a highly rated English food restaurant located near Café Rouge.  The Golden Curry is children friendly near the riverside.
A Fast food restaurant with low ratings is The Golden Curry. It is child friendly.
Near Rainbow Vegetarian Café is a French venue named Strada that is children friendly that 3 out of 5 customers enjoyed.
Fitzbillies is child friendly and has moderate prices with 3 out 5 customer ratings. It's located near Express by Holiday Inn.
The Waterman serves Japanese food, child friendly and near the Crown Plaza Hotel.
Browns Cambridge is a 5 star Greek restaurant offering moderately priced food and drink.
Cotto is located near Ranch and is kid friendly. They serve French food and have a 3 out of 5 rating.
Fitzbillies coffee shop, serving reasonably priced, well regarded Japanese food. Children welcome.
Cotto is a coffee shop providing Indian food in the moderate price range. It is located in the riverside. It is near The Portland Arms. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
Alimentum is an Indian food store, costumer rating is 5 out of 5. It is located to the riverside near Yippee Noodle Bar.
There is a coffee shop which serves fast food and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. Browns Cambridge is located by the riverside, near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is not family-friendly.
In Riverside with low customer rating serving Japanese food. The Waterman a eat in Type pub.
Located near The Portland Arms, The Cricketers is a coffee shop with an average customer rating. This coffee shop also sells Indian food and is children friendly.
Strada is a fast food pub located near Yippee Noodle Bar.  It has an average customer rating.
The Punter, an English restaurant, has a high price range.
The coffee shop named Blue Spice in riverside near Avalon has a price range of more than £30, a customer rating of high, and children friendly service.
Loch Fyne is a kid friendly Italian restaurant with a £20-25 price range
Cotto is a cheap French coffee shop near The Portland Arms in the city centre. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Rice Boat provides Indian food in the high price range. It is located in the riverside. It is near Express by Holiday Inn. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Waterman is a Fast food place in the city center. Is it not family-friendly. its price range is less than  £20. It has low customer ratings.
Highly recommended Wildwood is a coffee shop offering fast food at reasonable prices, it is sited in the city centre near Ranch.
Zizzi is located by the riverside. It is an average rated family friendly coffee shop that serves cheap.
The Rice Boat is a French food restaurant located near the riverside,  which is family friendly and has a five out of five customer rating.
Zizzi is an English pub that has a low rating, it is not child friendly.
The moderately priced restaurant, Taste of Cambridge, has a 3 out of 5 star customer rating.
Loch Fyne is a restaurant providing Italian food in the low price range. It is located in the city centre.
The City Centre restaurant The Waterman is a 3 out of 5 rated Japanese restaurant, child friendly and high priced.
An average restaurant in the riverside area serving Italian food is The Rice Boat.  It is not family-friendly.
Loch Fyne is a family friendly fast food restaurant.
The Punter costs more than £30 and is a Fast food type
The Golden Palace is a high customer rated Italian coffee shop. It is located at the city centre and their price range is L20-25.
The Rice Boat is a fast food restaurant near the Express by Holiday Inn. They are north of the City center. and is family friendly.
Cotto is a Japanese restaurant near Ranch with a low customer rating. It is not considered family-friendly.
Near Avalon in the riverside area is a coffee shop call Blue Spice. Its child friendly and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. Price range is more than £30.
Wildwood offers high-end Chinese pub fare with average reviews.
Cotto is a coffee shop near The Portland Arms that sells fast food for less than 20 Euros.  It is in the riverside area and has a low customer rating.
In the price range of £20-25 includes Alimentum. Alimentum has a high customer rate as well. They are in the riverside area near Yippee Noodle Bar and serve French food.
The Green Man, located in the city centre area, servers English food for less than £20, but is not family-friendly. It is near All Bar One.
Bibimbap House serves Japanese food for an average of £20-25 in riverside near Clare Hall.
The Vaults serves expensive Chinese and is not suitable for children.
The Twenty Two is in the city centre, near The Rice Boat. Moderately priced, not family friendly and rated 1 out of 5.
Kid-free, Japanese restaurant, The Golden Curry, serves moderately priced food. It is located near The Bakers.
Bibimbap House is a low priced Indian restaurant  located in the city centre near Clare Hall.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop in the city centre rated 1 out of 5. It is fast food and has a moderate price range.
The Vaults has Italian the whole family can enjoy for low prices.
Cocum is a family friendly Japanese coffee shop. Highly priced and rated 1 out of 5.
A family friendly English pub  in the riverside area, which is also cheap is The Olive Grove.
The Phoenix is a Fast food restaurant rated 5 out of 5 in the city centre.
Strada is an Italian food pub that has high customer rating.  It is located near to Yippee Noodle Bar.
Alimentum is a good family restaurant for a just price
Although the Indian food served at the coffee shop called The Punter, near Café Sicilia,  is cheap, the customer rating is maximum. However, it is not family-friendly.
Strada located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café serves expensive  Italian food. It has an average customer rating and does not allow children.
Aromi is a Japanese coffee shop located on the riverside. It is not family-friendly and has an average customer rating.
With moderate pricing and handy city centre location, The Mill is a tempting Italian style pub.
A highly rated pub ranging in price from £20-25, Cocum is kid friendly.
The Fitzbillies is a French restaurant near The Six Bells. It has an average price range.
Burger King and The Eagle Shop are a fast food restaurant located north of the City center.
The Zizzi kids friendly pub offers Japanese food and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Green Man is a child friendly Japanese place on the riverside. It is near All Bar One and costs more than 30 pounds.
The Eagle is a fast food coffee shop that has a moderate price range and is kid friendly. It has a rating of 3 out of 5 and is located along the riverside near Burger King.
Near Rainbow Vegetarian Café in riverside is The Golden Palace. It is a pub that serves food for less than £20
The Golden Palace is a nice coffee shop north of  the city centre that delivers take-away.
The Waterman restaurant is a cheap place for all the family to relax and socialize together.
The Waterman, located near the riverside,  provides Italian dining for families at affordable pricing.
Strada is a family-friendly restaurant in the price range of less than 20 £, however it has low customer ratings.
Loch Fyne is Located in the heart of this historical town
The Wrestlers is an Italian coffee shop. It is kids-friendly with a price range of £20 - 25. It is situated near the Raja Indian Cuisine establishment in the riverside area.
The Punter, a non children friendly coffee shop near Café Sicilia, has a high price range and an average customer rating.
The Eagle is and Indian coffee shop in the city centre located near Burger King, they are family friendly, low ratings and priced less than 20.
The Mill is by riverside. It is a French pub with a price range of £20-25.
Browns Cambridge is a non family friend coffee shop that is located in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel.  It sells Japanese food and has an average rating.
Clowns is a high priced pub on the riverside with an average customer rating.
For over £30, you can visit The Twenty Two, a child friendly place on the riverside, near to The Rice Boat. Customer satisfaction is 5 out of 5.
There is a cheap family friendly restaurant The Vaults.
The Olive Grove is a moderately priced pub in the city centre, which serves French style food however is not child friendly.
The Punter is a moderately priced coffee shop with Indian food near Café Sicilia. It is family friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Punter has Japanese food in the cheap price range.
With prices under £20, The Vaults is a French family friendly restaurant.
The Golden Curry is located in City centre near Café Rouge.  It is family friendly and has a five star rating.
The Golden Curry provides Chinese food. It has a 5 out of 5 customer rating. It is in the riverside area near Café Rouge and is not family friendly.
Wildwood is a moderately-priced coffee shop located near Ranch. Customers rate its Japanese food a poor 1 out of 5.
The Golden Curry is a family friendly Indian restaurant.
The Wrestlers coffee Shop offers Indian food in the high price range. Located in the center of the city, this child friendly dining choice is located near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Golden Palace is a low priced, five star coffee shop, located close to the river and only a short distance from the city centre.
The restaurant Fitzbillies is a family friendly restaurant serving luxury breakfast outside of the downtown core.
Fitzbillies is an expensive coffee shop for families.  It gets great ratings and is in the centre of the City.
There is an expensive restaurant, The Wrestlers, serving French food in the £30 and above price range. It has 5 out of 5 in customer ratings and is child friendly.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop serving Japanese food which is located in the city centre. You can dine here for less than £20 on average, however their customer rating is low and they aren't family-friendly.
Blue Spice offers food and drink and is located close to the river
The Rice Boat is located in the city centre area near The Express by Holiday Inn. It's prices are low to moderate for Chinese food, but it's not family friendly, and it's customer ratings are low.
Clowns is a five star coffee shop located near Clare Hall
Clowns is a pub at the riverside, offering excellent customer service at a low price.
Alimentum is a Japanese restaurant that is near a riverside, kid friendly and has moderate price ranges.
Cocum is a modern coffee shop specializing in French pastries and coffee with prices averaging more than  £30.  Cocum has been giving a low customer rating because it is not child friendly.
The Rice Boat is a more than £30 Chinese restaurant with high customer rating. It is children friendly and located near the city centre and Express by Holiday Inn.
Wildwood is a cheap coffee shop serving Fast food with an average rating near Ranch.
A moderately priced coffee shop named Zizzi is kid friendly and has a 1 out of 5 rating.
Midsummer House serves Japanese food for a moderate price. They are located near All Bar One and have a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Vaults is a restaurant that serves Japanese food. It is children Friendly and costs more than £30.
The Cocum coffee shop serves fine food and is for the whole family. It is high priced and rated five stars.
Loch Fyne is a low price restaurant that offers breakfast meals and is for the whole family
There is a family friendly coffee shop near The Portland Arms called The Cricketers.
Browns Cambridge is a non family-friendly coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel. This Riverside area coffee shop currently has a low customer rating
Japanese food that is not child friendly is near All Bar One called Green Man. Located city centre and price range is more than £30.
The Plough is a Chinese pub, near Café Rouge. They have a high price range and are child friendly.
The Twenty Two is a family friendly restaurant serving Japanese food.
Giraffe, an excellent coffee shop near The Bakers. Not children friendly with prices of more than £30
Wildwood is a low-priced, one star coffee shop located near the Ranch.
In the city centre near the Express by Holiday Inn is an Italian food place called The Rice Boat. It is not kids friendly but has a 3 out of 5 customer rating and a moderate price range.
Near All Bar One, in the riverside area is a kid friendly English food place named Green Man, which has a moderate price range
The Punter offers high-quality food and beverages that rival Café Sicilia. This coffee shop also has a five star rating.
Cocum coffee shop serves good Italian food at a fair price.  Families are welcome.
There is a a high rated coffee shop Cocum that provides Italian food in the price more that £30 but it is not children Friendly.
Giraffe is a Chinese pub in the city centre and is family friendly.
Near Café Rouge in the city centre is The Golden Curry.  They serve sushi and are rated 1 out 5.
Serving French food on the riverside near the Yippee Noodle Bar is Alimentum. The food is less than £20. Customers rate the Alimentum as average.
The Olive Grove is  a kids Friendly pub located  at riverside.  The price range is 20 to 25 £ .
Wildwood is an average priced British pub that has a 3 out of 5 customer rating.
The Golden Curry serves Indian food. It has an average customer rating. It is located by the riverside. It is child friendly and it is near Café Rouge.
A low cost, family friendly, coffee shop has opened called the Cocum.
The Olive Grove is an expensive, children-friendly pub at the riverside, and it provides French cuisine.
The Mill is a coffee house located in The Sorrento area of the City centre.
Cocum is a kid friendly restaurant, rated 1 out of 5.
The Chinese restaurant Loch Fyne is family friendly.
The Rice Boat is located in the riverside and they are average ratings.
Close to the Rainbow Vegetarian Café in the city center, you can find The Strada.  This is an excellent 5 star, family friendly restaurant.
Nearby the city centre and The Portland Arms is a five star expensive coffee shop called Cotto.
Lowly rated The Rice Boat is a family-friendly venue which offers Italian food at mid-range prices, it is situated in Luton near Express by Holiday Inn.
The  riverside coffee shop The Golden Palace sells Fast food that is highly rated, priced at £20-25.
If you are looking for a cheap restaurant, I can recommend Fitzbillies.   It is family friendly and is located near the Express by Holiday Inn.
Near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café, there is an expensive non-children friendly fast food called Strada, with an average rating.
The Waterman, a cheap riverside family friendly restaurant, has 1 star.
Near Café Adriatic, there is a pub named The Vaults with low customer rating and a price range of less than £20.
Browns Cambridge has an average customer service that serves Japanese food. It has a price range that is less than £20.
The Eagle is located in the area of Riverside. The price range can be quite expensive at £30.00 or more however the customer rating  is 5 out of 5.
The Rice Boat is medium priced and rated three stars. It is in the City center close to the Express by Holiday Inn. It serves fine drinks, fruits, and is for the whole family.
Strada has a low customer rating, a price range of more than £30 and is not kid friendly.
Browns Cambridge serves English fare but is pricey and only scores 1 out of 5 in customer ratings.
A French restaurant called the Blue Spice offers food for more than 30 Euros on the riverside.
The Golden Curry is a child friendly fast food eatery with a high customer rating, near Café Rouge, in the riverside area.
1 out of 5 likes Cocum high priced coffee shop which is children Friendly and serves Fast food.
Loch Fyne provides Chinese food It is located in the riverside. It is near The Rice Boat. Its customer rating is low.
Near Café Sicilia, there is a kid friendly Japanese food coffee shop called The Punter. Their customer rating is low, and their price rang is more than £30.
Cotto serves Chinese food, is rated highly, is kid friendly, and is near Ranch.
The Vaults is a high priced, fast food restaurant, that offers a family friendly atmosphere.
Cocum is a highly rated, expensive child friendly pub.
The Phoenix provides Chinese food and is in the high price range. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and is located in the city centre.
The Olive Grove is a non child friendly, riverside pub providing fast food at a high price range.
Giraffe is an expensive restaurant near The Six Bells.
The Vaults is a high priced pub near Café Adriatic, with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
A children friendly French food eat out place located at the riverside with 5 out ff 5 customer ratings and sells food for more than 30 pounds. Its called The Waterman
At the riverside is The Rice Boat which serves English food. It is near Express by Holiday Inn, is kids friendly and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Dumpling Tree is a cheap but not family friendly coffee shop near Café Sicilia in the riverside area.
Located in riverside, Green Man is in the moderate price range which is not kids friendly.
Taste of Cambridge has a high customer rating, but is expensive.
There is a  family Friendly The Waterman with a less than £20 price range.
The Wrestlers, an adult restaurant,  offers food and beverages at a low price.
The Golden Curry is a family friendly restaurant located in the city centre near Café Rouge that provides Indian food which has a low customer rating.
Alimentum is a Japanese eatery in the city centre. It offers moderately priced food but is not kid friendly.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop that offers Indian food in the moderate price range. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and is located in the city centre.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop located near the Crown Plaza Hotel, in the riverside area.  Although the customer rating for this coffee shop is low, they are family-friendly and serve Italian food.
Cotto is high-rating coffee shop that serves French food that is more than  £30 and is in Riverside near The Portland Arms.
The Dumpling Tree is a pub that is not family-friendly. Near The Portland Arms, it serves French food.
Strada, the pub near Yippee Noodle Bar, serves Italian food and has a 5 out of 5 rating.
The Riverside area has Alimentum, a cheap, family-friendly place for food.
On the riverside close to the All Bar One is a restaurant which serves English food and is child friendly.  It is called The Green Man and is reasonably priced at between £20 to £25 for a meal.
Alimentum is a fast food restaurant at the city centre. It has a price range of less than £20, and it is not family-friendly.
The Waterman is a child friendly Italian restaurant with high customer ratings located in the city centre. It has a price range of over £30.
Located in the city centre, The Waterman is a French pub that is highly rated by its customers; averaging a rating of 4 stars out of 5.
Burger King is children friendly, located on the riverside, has an average customer rating, provides coffee shop quality food.  There is a high price ranged Italian eatery named The Eagle nearby.
While not family-friendly, The Eagle coffee shop has an average customer rating for it's Japanese food.  Priced less than £20 per meal it is located near Burger King in the riverside area.
The Punter is a family friendly coffee shop by Café Sicilia with a average price range and a high customer rating.
There is a children friendly, high priced, French restaurant called Loch Fyne.
The Rice Boat is a higher priced Indian restaurant within the city centre, near the Express by Holiday Inn. The restaurant is children friendly, and has a high customer rating.
The Plough is a kid friendly restaurant near Express by Holiday Inn.
In the city centre area is a child friendly eatery which was given a 3 out of 5 customer rating.  This coffee shop is located near Avalon, offers menu items in the high price range, and is called Blue Spice.
The Waterman is a kid-friendly restaurant in the Riverside area. This restaurant has prices in the average range with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Also near All Bar One is an Indian place called Green Man.  It is located in riverside, family friendly, and has a price range of less than £20.
There is a Japanese restaurant with a price range of L20-25 called The Punter.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is a cheap city centre located place near Café Adriatic. 5 out of 5 customer satisfaction rating.
The Wrestlers is a family-friendly coffee shop  that has a price range less than 20 pounds featuring fast food near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre.
Bibimbap House provides Indian food in the more than £30 price range. It is located in the riverside. It is near Clare Hall.
Near Café Sicilia there is a children friendly Indian coffee shop called The Punter. It is in the high price range with an average customer rating.
Near Express by Holiday Inn in the city centre there is an Indian restaurant called The Rice Boat in the high price range. It is children friendly and has a customer rating of average.
If you're looking for a coffee shop in the riverside area then you could try The Vaults. It is located near Café Brazil, and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It has a  moderate price range.
There is a Japanese coffee shop called 'The Eagle' which has a cheap price range.  It is located in the riverside area near Burger King and has a 5 out of 5 rating.
Express by Holiday Inn is located near a full service family friendly restaurant called The Rice Boat  located north of the City center.
The restaurant Loch Fyne is a children friendly fast food chain that is more than £30.
Blue Spice in the city centre is an average rated, family-friendly venue, with a cheap menu.
Fitzbillies an Italian restaurant near The Six Bells is inexpensive.
Near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café is a restaurant called The Rice Boat, it has a 5 out of 5 customer rating but costs more than £30.
The Mill is a coffee shop serving Indian food for a moderate price range in the riverside area near The Sorrento.
A high price, 1 out of 5 pub with English food called Wildwood.
The Eagle is a coffee shop. It  is moderately priced. It is near Burger King. It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is in city centre. It is kid friendly.
The Dumpling Tree serves Italian food, is kid friendly and located near The Portland Arms.
In the riverside area near Burger King is a coffee shop called The Eagle. The Eagle serves Indian food and is children friendly. The Eagle has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 stars. It has a high price range.
Cotto near Ranch is child friendly and sells average Italian food.
The Olive Grove is a restaurant in Cambridge. The Olive Grove is near the river. The Olive Grove is not for families.
Zizzi a cheap coffee shop by the riverside is not family-friendly. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Near The Sorrento , in the riverside area, there is a cheap coffee shop called The Mill.
Alimentum is a Fast food restaurant with a high price range in the city centre.  It is not children friendly.
Given 3 out of 5, The Cricketers is a kid friendly pub near Ranch.
Located at Burger King in City centre, The Eagle coffee shop offers good affordable meals and is family friendly.
Green Man is an affordable, child friendly French restaurant in the city centre near to All Bar One.
just down the road from All Bar One, is a  cheap 5-star restaurant named Midsummer House.
Near The Portland Arms, The Punter has a moderate price range. It is located in the riverside area and is kid friendly.
The Rice Boat provides Indian food It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is low.
The Phoenix provides Indian food in riverside. it has a moderate price range and a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Located next to the river is the restaurant , Zizzi.  This place serves low priced meals.
Close to All Bar One on the riverside, there is a restaurant called Green Man that served Italian food, is cheap, and is family-friendly.
Adult friendly The Twenty Two serves English food and is located in the city centre.
In the Riverside area, near The Rice Boat, The Twenty Two is a high priced, kid friendly restaurant. it is rated 3 out of 5.
Located near All Bar One, Green Man is a children friendly establishment located in the riverside area, offering English cuisine,  with a price range of between £20-25.
The Punter is an Italian coffee shop located near Café Sicilia. It is not kid friendly and its prices are moderate. The Punter is rated 3 out of 5 stars by customers.
Midsummer House is a three star fast food burger restaurant that is located near Café Rouge.
A moderately priced place to visit near the Express by Holiday Inn, Fitzbillies, is kid friendly but has a 1 out of 5 customer rating.
The Strada is an expensive, 3 star restaurant located near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
Midsummer House is a fast food restaurant located near Café Rouge it also has a high customer rating.
The Phoenix is a riverside Chinese restaurant with average customer ratings.
An Indian restaurant, The Rice Boat a family friendly place. It has an average customer rating. It is located in city centre
kids friendly Japanese place near riverside named The Twenty Two
Browns Cambridge is a moderately priced restaurant that serves pasta and wine.
Fitzbillies is a low priced Japanese restaurant in the city centre near The Six Bells.
Strada is a child friendly restaurant located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café with an average customer rating and in the high price range.
A  high priced coffee shop that serves fast food is The Wrestlers , but has a non-children friendly atmosphere. It is located in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine
The Waterman is a pub that serves French food. They have low customer rating and they are in riverside.
The Golden Curry has Italian cuisine. It is located in the riverside area near Café Rouge. This restaurant has an average customer rating and yes it is child friendly.
The Golden Palace coffee shop is a popular Japanese riverside establishment is worth visiting.
Zizzi is a 3 star breakfast pub with good food.
The Twenty Two has great food
Near Rainbow Vegetarian Café is Strada, which sells cheap Fast food with an average customer rating and is family friendly.
In the center of the city the Blue Spice which is kid friendly having a price range between 20-25 euros with a high customer rating.
The Golden Palace is a low customer rated restaurant near the riverside.
The Golden Curry is a Chinese food restaurant that is low-priced. It is family friendly and located near The Bakers.
Japanese food is served at the family-friendly pub called the Giraffe. It is located on the riverside.
The Eagle is an expensive coffee shop that serves Indian food. It is located in the riverside area, near Burger King, and does not allow children. Customer ratings are average.
The Dumpling Tree pub known for its Italian food is children Friendly and is near The Portland Arms.
Children friendly Japanese restaurant named The Twenty Two.
The Phoenix is a inexpensive fast food place located on the north side of town.
Japanese  restaurant  The Vaults is children  friendly  and the price  range  is  slightly  above  average
The Eagle is a child-friendly Japanese coffee shop located in the city centre, near Burger King. It receives low customer ratings and is in the high price range.
The Golden Curry serves Italian food in the city centre. It is not family friendly and has a low customer rating.
The moderately priced Chinese restaurant, The Waterman, has a customer rating of 1 out of 5, is not kid friendly and is in the riverside area.
The Twenty Two has Japanese food and is children Friendly.
The Rice Boat is a family-friendly restaurant in the low price range serving Italian food. It is located in the city centre near the Express by Holiday Inn.
The Japanese restaurant near Clare Hall and the River, Bibimbap House, has a low price range.
Browns Cambridge offers Japanese cuisine ranging above 30 euros. With a low customer rating to improve.
In the city centre is a Chinese called The Waterman its family friendly but expensive and not got good ratings.
The Golden Curry is a kids friendly place of English cuisine with ratings 3 out of 5.
Loch Fyne is an Italian restaurant that is not family-friendly
Wildwood is a reasonably priced, centrally located pub that also serves Italian food.
The Cocum sells expensive Japanese food. It is a children-friendly coffee shop with a 3 out of 5 rating.
Fitzbillies, is a Japanese, kid friendly coffee shop with a 3 out of 5 rating and some fair prices. It is located on the riverside.
The Phoenix is a high rated French restaurant located by the river.
The Golden Curry is a French restaurant which is Kids Friendly and has a High Rating
The Golden Curry is family-friendly serving Fast food located in the city centre near Café Rouge.
While you're at the city centre, check out the French pub The Waterman. Customers rave about it, giving it a 5 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is an Italian coffee shop with a customer rating of 3 out of 5. Located in the city centre, it has a moderate price range and is generally regarded to not be kid friendly.
Located on the riverside near the Crowne Plaza Hotel, Taste of Cambridge is a children friendly coffee shop that offers fast food.
Japanese restaurant, The Golden Curry, offers a kid-friendly atmosphere and is located near The Bakers with a moderate price range.
Giraffe is an Italian pub located in the city centre. It is not a family-friendly.
Fitzbillies is a Japanese coffee shop, located in the city centre. It has a low customer rating and is not child-friendly. The price range is more than £30.
The Japanese restaurant, The Rice Boat, is kid friendly, in riverside with a 3 out of 5 rating.
Cotto is a coffee shop located at the riverside, near The Portland Arms,  it is highly rated and serves fast food, prices around £30 a head.
Located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café in riverside, The Golden Palace is an expensive pub
Located in Riverside near Café Sicilia,  is The Dumpling Tree, a child friendly coffee shop on the higher end of the price scale.
Fitzbillies is a kid friendly coffee shop serving Fast food in the city centre. It has a high customer rating and a price range of £20-25.
Bibimbap House can be found near Clare Hall in the riverside area, and serves fast food with a moderate price range.
The Punter is a fast food coffee shop located near Café Sicilia. It is family friendly, has an average customer rating, and the prices are cheap.
The Eagle is a coffee shop selling fast food. It is not family-friendly, low price range with a low customer rating. It is located in the city centre near Burger King.
Clowns is a coffee shop providing Indian food It is located in the riverside. It is near Clare Hall. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Waterman is an English restaurant located in the city centre. It is pricey, with an average customer rating and is child friendly.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is located near Café Adriatic on the riverside with a moderate price range and customer rating.
Fitzbillies is a restaurant near Rainbow Vegetarian Café, with prices ranging more than £30.
The Phoenix is a low price fast food restaurant located at city centre but has low customer rating.
The Eagle is a French coffee shop located in riverside near the Burger King. It has an average price range of £20-25 and a 3 out of 5 customer rating, however it is not kid friendly.
The Twenty Two is in riverside, selling family friendly Italian food.
The Waterman, an English pub, is a three star venue on the riverside.
The Mill serves fast food at a cheap price in a coffee shop environment near The Sorrento in the riverside area.
Located near Burger King in the Riverside area, visit the The Eagle coffee shop for a cheap family friendly environment with Italian food and a  5 out of 5 customer rating.
There is an average restaurant near Ranch called Cotto with English food and fun for the whole family.
The Waterman is an Italian restaurant with a price range of £20-25, is located at the city centre, is kid friendly and has a high customer rating.
Located near Café Rouge, Midsummer House is a fast food venue with an average customer rating.
With a rating of 3 out of 5, the Midsummer House offers French cuisine near Café Rouge.
Near Café Brazil, there is The Cambridge Blue pub serving British food at mid-range prices.
The Vaults is a high customer rated coffee shop in the £20-£25 range located near Café Brazil in the city centre.
Clowns is a low-priced restaurant located near Café Sicilia.  It is not kid-friendly.
The Golden Palace has a low customer rating and is located on riverside. They serve Japanese food  and coffee for less than 20 euros.
Aromi is a Japanese coffee shop located in the city centre. They have low customer ratings and are not family-friendly.
Fitzbillies is family friendly with a low price range. It has a 5 out of 5 customer rating as is located near Express by Holiday Inn.
The Japanese coffee shop named Cocum is moderate priced, not friendly to kids, and has low ratings.
There is a fast food restaurant called The Vaults that is kid friendly and costs 20-25.
For Indian food try The Golden Curry it has low customer ratings, but is family friendly.
The Taste of Cambridge is a regular rated location with moderately priced food.
The Cambridge Blue restaurant has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Waterman is a riverside-situated pub serving English food and is awarded a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Rice Boat a child friendly Italian eatery that's moderately priced and rated 1 out of 5. Located in Riverside area near Express by Holiday Inn.
A riverside night life Fast food chain called The Rice Boat near Express by Holiday Inn is a high end and highly praised venue.
With a high price range and a 1 out of 5 customer rating, The Rice Boat serves English food and is children friendly. it is the city centre near the Express by Holiday Inn.
Cocum serves pub grub  with good rating  in the low price range.  adults only
The highly recommended Wildwood pub is sited in the city centre, it serves higher priced British food.
Try Zizzi, an inexpensive restaurant in Riverside.
The Vaults is a cheap Japanese adult only eatery
Wildwood, Pub and Indian food, with moderate price range. Customer rating 3 out of 5.
Kids Love that The Golden Curry serves some of the best Chinese food in Cambridge. Located on the river, near Café Rouge.
Near Yippee Noodle Bar, Alimentum is a restaurant which provides Indian food at a  high price range and with an average customer rating. It is located in the city centre.
Given a poor rating, Browns Cambridge is a fast food restaurant
Rated 5 out of 5 by customers, Cocum is a cheap Fast food type coffee shop that is not family-friendly.
Loch Fyne is not family-friendly, and costs less than 20. It is a Japanese restaurant.
Located near riverside, The Phoenix is a very highly rated restaurant serving Indian food. The price range per person is more than £30.
for more than 30 euro. Travellers Rest Beefeater is a restaurant with a low rating located near Café Adriatic in riverside
The Eagle is family friendly with an average rating.  It is a coffee shop serving Indian food at a high price.  It is located in the city centre near Burger King.
Fitzbillies is a cheap French coffee shop in riverside with average customer ratings. It's not family-friendly.
The Waterman pub has fast food located near city center.
Chinese food costing between £20-25 is served at The Waterman.  Customers highly rate this place which is located in the city centre and kids friendly.
The Olive Grove is a non child friendly pub serving moderately priced food in riverside.
The Dumpling Tree is a pub serving sushi. It's near The Portland Arms and young families are not welcome
Blue Spice is an English restaurant located on the riverside. Their price ranges higher than 30.
Fitzbillies is a French coffee shop located in the city centre. Although it is child friendly, it has a low customer rating and is expensive, being the the price range of more than £30.
Zizzi coffee shop is kids-friendly and located near the riverside. It is moderately priced, but be aware that it has a customer  rating of 1 out of 5.
Highly rated Chinese food at Midsummer House near to Café Rouge.
3 out of 5 stars for the French coffee shop, Cotto, near The Portland Arms in the city centre. Plates are average price.
If you are looking for an inexpensive family friendly restaurant, try Travellers Rest Beefeater.
Aromi, with a customer rating of 5 out of 5, is a highly rated Italian coffee shop located in the city centre. No, it is not family-friendly.
Alimentum, has a high customer rating in the price range of more than L30 for English food near Yippee Noodle Bar in the riverside area.
The Golden Curry is family-friendly and rated average. They serve French food.
The Giraffe is a place with an average rating and a price range of less than 20. This is a adult coffee shop near The Bakers
The Twenty Two is a fast food restaurant located near the river.
Alimentum is not kid friendly. They offer French food with a moderate price range in the city centre area.
Green Man is near All Bar One, located in the city centre, which serves fast food for less than £20 and is family-friendly.
There is an Italian coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine in city centre. The Wrestlers is expensive and isn't family-friendly.
Bibimbap House provides an Indian food dining experience, for a mid-range price, close to the riverside by Clare Hall.
Cotto is a coffee shop that offers moderately priced fast-food in the riverside area near The Portland Arms. Cotto is rated 1 out of 5.
The restaurant Wildwood is near Café Rouge and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Midsummer House offering French food price range £20-£25  with a customer rating of 3-5 can be found near All Bar One
Alimentum is a medium priced, family friendly fast food restaurant.
The Wrestlers is a kids friendly French food place with a customer rating of three out of five stars at £20-25
Located riverside, The Giraffe pub offers fast food and is family friendly.
The Waterman offers French food in the riverside area for prices less than 20. It is not family-friendly and has an average customer rating.
The Golden Palace is a pub near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café in the city centre.  its prices are more than 30 pounds.
Located near The Portland Arms is The Dumpling Tree, a family-friendly pub that serves Indian food.
The Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop that serves French food and is family friendly near Crown Plaza Hotel on the riverside but it has a low customer rating .
There is a restaurant Browns Cambridge with Indian for more than £30 at high ratings.
Located in the city centre is a 5 out of 5 rated, family-friendly coffee shop serving cheap Japanese food called Fitzbillies.
Fitzbillies, near The Six Bells, has French food  priced at £20-25.
A kid friendly pub named Cocum has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and a moderate price range.
The Mill is a pub that provides Indian food in the cheap price range. It is located in the riverside area.
Green Man is a fast food shop that is not family-friendly in the city centre near All Bar One. All prices are less than £20.
There is a restaurant called Fitzbillies near The Six Bells that serves French food. It is cheap.
Browns Cambridge serves English food in the low price range. It has a 1 out of 5 customer rating.
The Japanese restaurant Alimentum situated down the riverside is a kids friendly place with average price range.
Aromi is a coffee shop that is family friendly serving Japanese food close to the riverside with a low customer rating
A restaurant with a cheap price range is The Golden Palace.
The Plough is a moderately priced kid-friendly. restaurant located near The Bakers.
The Plough is a low cost pub that is not family friendly  located near Café Rouge
Well known for its inexpensive sushi, The Cambridge Blue pub is located next to the Café Brazil.
Strada  is an average family friendly Fast food establishment with a low price range, located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café,
The Plough is a pub that serves Indian food for less than £20. They are family friendly and located near Café Rouge.
In the city centre there is a Chinese restaurant called The Phoenix with a high price range. It has an average customer rating.
There is an Indian food restaurant called The Cambridge Blue with a poor customer rating.
French food is available at the restaurant Loch Fyne. It is children friendly and is in the price range of greater than 30 pounds.
Although not family-friendly, The Dumpling Tree is an Italian pub near The Portland Arms.
Welcome to The Waterman. Where our price range for you is moderate. We are not kid friendly
In the riverside area there is a coffee shop and Japanese restaurant called Aromi. It is listed as not being family-friendly and has a customer rating of average.
The coffee shop Wildwood has fairly priced food, while being in the same vicinity as the Ranch.
The kid friendly Cocum is highly recommended by customers.  It is a French coffee shop with a price range of £20-25.
Zizzi is a one star rated, family friendly pub that serves sushi.
The Japanese restaurant with the high customer rating is called The Eagle
Average rated and family friendly restaurant called Cocum.
The Wrestlers is a moderately priced, adult oriented coffee shop, located in the city centre, near the Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Cricketers, located near The Portland Arms, are known for there low customer rating and children friendly coffee shop. Now serving French food.
If you are looking for a children friendly restaurant in the high Price range, give The Waterman a try.
In riverside near Express by Holiday Inn The Rice Boat is located. They have a customer rating of 3 out of 5, its non kids friendly and they sale Japanese food priced ranged from £20 to 25.
Loch Fyne is a kids-friendly French restaurant with a price range between £20-25
Browns Cambridge is a fast food coffee shop in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel.  It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 and is not family-friendly.
There is an average, child friendly Japanese restaurant called The Golden Curry. It is near Café Rouge on the riverside.
Blue Spice is a fine-dining location near the river that offers select cheeses, fruit, and wine.
Alimentum has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and serves fast food. They are located in the riverside area near Yippee Noodle Bar.
Alimentum provides Chinese food in the cheap price range. It is located in the riverside. It is near Yippee Noodle Bar. Its customer rating is average.
French food  restaurant name Loch Fyne is near the riverside area in The Rice Boat with  a customer rating of 5 out of 5
The Waterman is a family friendly, five star Italian restaurant just outside of Cambridge city centre.  It incorporates family amenities with fine Italian cuisine
if you want to eat French food go to Midsummer House near to All Bar One. price range is near about 20 to 25
Giraffe pub is a non family-friendly Italian restaurant on the riverside.
The Rice Boat has Chinese food but is not family friendly and has low customer ratings, located in the Riverside area.
The Twenty Two boasts a riverside view and a family friendly environment for you to enjoy English food.
Giraffe is a pub that is in the riverside area that is children friendly.  It serves Indian food.
The Rice Boat, has great dining and take-out at low-prices and is located near Express by Holiday Inn.
With a rating of 3 out of 5 located near The Rice Boat the Loch Fyne serves Japanese food
Zizzi is a pub that serves Chinese food with 1 out of 5 customer rating and kid friendly.
There is a cheap restaurant The Golden Curry located outside the centre of the city  next to Café Rouge that provides take-away deliveries.
The Phoenix has cheap Chinese food, Has an average customer rating and located in the city centre.
Zizzi is a pub, it's family friendly, food is English, customer rating is low.
There is a pub, Strada, located near Yippee Noodle Bar. It specializes in Chinese food and is rated 5 out of 5 by customers.
The Vaults serves Italian at low prices for the family.
Giraffe is a coffee shop with prices between £20 and 25. Children are welcome on the premises, and it has high customer approval ratings. Find it nearby The Bakers.
Zizzi is a pub that offers British food. It is family-friendly and has a one-star rating.
There is a family friendly above average price range restaurant Loch Fyne. It is in the city and they serve fast food.
Strada serves expensive fast food and is  located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café. It is not child friendly and has an average customer rating.
There is a coffee shop that serves Italian food, called Aromi, located in the city centre. It is in a family-friendly atmosphere, and has received low customer ratings.
There is a pub Clowns with low customer rating located in city centre.
The Golden Curry  is a cheap restaurant located in The Bakers.
There is a coffee shop called Browns Cambridge near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre. They have an average rating but it is not kid friendly. They serve Indian food.
Cotto is located near Ranch. They are a high-rated and kid friendly Chinese restaurant.
Near the coffee shop Café Sicilia, there is an expensive Japanese restaurant called The Punter which is rated 3 out of 5 and child friendly.
The Rice Boat is a family friend French food place in city centre with a low customer rating.
Near Café Adriatic is a high priced pub called The Vaults. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge near The Sorrento in riverside, does English food,family friendly.
There is a child friendly Chinese restaurant near The Bakers with high prices named The Golden Curry.
For Italian food, The Eagle has an average customer rating.
Cotto is an inexpensive coffee shop located near The Portland Arms. This 3 star restaurant also serves sushi.
Fitzbillies is a kid friendly fast-food coffee shop in the city centre.  It is moderately priced and of an average customer rating.
The Dumpling Tree coffee shop has a moderate price range near Café Sicilia is kid friendly located in the riverside area.
The Eagle is a high priced Japanese coffee shop near Burger King in the city centre  with a high customer rating, but not child friendly
The Golden Palace coffee shop, reasonably priced five star joint
Try this 5 out of 5 rated place near Café Adriatic. Cheap, in the city centre, and called Travellers Rest Beefeater.
Want 5 star English food for low prices in a nice riverside restaurant, Alimentum is near to Yippee Noodle Bar on the riverside
For a pub style fast food eating experience near Café Rouge, I highly recommend The Plough because it is child friendly but is in a high price range.
Italian food establishment The Phoenix, rated 3 out of 5, serves at a moderate price in the city centre.
Rated 1 out of 5, The Vaults is a moderately priced coffee shop in the Riverside area near Café Brazil.
The Rice Boat is a high priced restaurant located in riverside near Express by Holiday Inn.
Strada has averaged priced Japanese food. It is not kid friendly but it is high customer rated. It is near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
Aromi coffee also featured fast food and is a children open place to eat bring the family
All Bar One is neighbor to a new, kid-friendly fast-food joint called Green Man. Green Man is an expensive dining choice in city centre.
Located near The Portland Arms is The Cricketers, a coffee shop rated one star and unsuitable for families.
The Golden Curry is a family friendly diner located near The Bakers.
Strada provides Indian food in the moderate price range. It is near Rainbow Vegetarian Café. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Expensive coffee shop price range over £30. The Dumpling Tree, located in city centre is near the Café Sicilia. This is not children Friendly.
Alimentum is a Chinese restaurant located in the city centre near Yippee Noodle Bar which has a 3 out of 5 customer rating with a moderate price range.
Cotto is a restaurant providing Japanese food in the low price range. It is located by The Portland Arms.
Welcome to the Browns Cambridge. We are not family-friendly. Our food is French, and we are located on the riverside near the Crowne Plaza Hotel. Our price  range is moderate.
The Vaults is a cheap average rated pub located near Café Adriatic.
Alimentum is a French restaurant in the moderate price range. It is located in the city center and does not offer a kid friendly atmosphere.
The kids-friendly Loch Fyne Fast Food restaurant is in the £20-25 price range.
The Cambridge Blue is a restaurant providing Italian people rating average
The Twenty Two is a Family restaurant with English style food.
The Golden Palace has beautiful riverside views, serves fast food in their charming coffee shop. Higher end prices, and mid level reviews.
The Wrestlers provides a low cost option for families and guarantees a great experience.
Zizzi is a children friendly pub serving Italian food with 1 out of 5 customer rating.
Alimentum serves Chinese food and has a moderate price range. It has a low rating and is near the city centre and Yippee Noodle Bar.
The Plough is a cheap and family friendly restaurant located near The Bakers.
Alimentum is a French restaurant located in the city centre near the Yippee Noodle Bar. Their price range is high. They have a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Come enjoy Japanese cuisine at an eatery called The Phoenix, with a 5 out of 5 rating. It is located near the riverside with a higher price range.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop offering Japanese food. The price range is more than £30, it is located near riverside, and it has a low customer rating.
Cotto is coffee shop offers Fast food. Customer rating are high. It is located in the city center. Price range are more than £ 30. The Café is located near to The Portland Arms.
Coming in with a high customer rating of 5 out of 5 is the Browns Cambridge. The Browns Cambridge serves fast food in the cheap price range.
Strada is a pub that serves French food and it is near Yippee Noodle Bar.  Customers rate it as average.
The Rice Boat is a moderately priced Fast food restaurant in the riverside area. It is near the Express by Holiday Inn. It received a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and is kids friendly.
Wildwood price range is moderate. The customer rating is 3 out of 5.
Cotto has a price range of less than £20. It's located in the city centre near The Portland Arms.  It serves Fast food and is a coffee shop. It has a low customer rating.
A cheap Japanese coffee shop with a low customer rating in riverside is The Golden Palace.
Cocum coffee shop is a low price range restaurant. It is not family friendly and has a lower customer rating.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly Chinese restaurant,  with 3 out of 5 customer rating and moderate price range.
There is a pub that is kids friendly in the riverside area.  It is called Taste of Cambridge and is near The Sorrento.
The Plough is a low cost family friendly Italian pub near Café Rouge.
The Eagle is a place with low customer rate located in the riverside area.
There is an English restaurant called The Wrestlers that has a customer rating 3 out of 5. It is not kid friendly and has a moderate price range.
The Phoenix is a cheap, five star restaurant by the river.
There is Fast food from The Vaults that is more than £30 and is children friendly
Located in the city centre, Blue Spice serves moderate prices for its Italian dishes.
Blue Spice is located on the river in Cambridge. Moderately priced. Rated one star out of five. Not a family environment.
Zizzi is an English pub that has been rated 1 out of 5 by customers. It is not family-friendly.
A family friendly restaurant named Loch Fyne has cheap prices. It also has Indian food.
Fitzbillies coffee shop offers Indian food at the high end of the spectrum more than £30, but has received a high customer rating perhaps from the riverside location or the fact that the restaurant is children friendly.
Open in riverside, the Japanese food restaurant, The Rice Boat, with a customer rating 3 out of 5 is a children friendly place
The Waterman is a family friendly sushi restaurant  that also has poor reviews.
The Wildwood restaurant is child friendly.
The Golden Curry is an Indian restaurant located near Café Rouge in the riverside area. It is adult only and has low customer ratings.
Cotto is a coffee shop based in the riverside area near The Portland Arms serving sushi at high prices.  It has a five star rating.
Blue Spice, located in the city centre,  is high rated, and kid friendly in an average price rating.
There is a children friendly coffee shop named Zizzi near the city center that is a bit above the average price range, however the customer rating is bit low.
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly cheap coffee shop that has French food. It is located in Riverside by Crown Plaza Hotel. Customer Rating is low.
Green Man is a family-style restaurant located near All Bar One. The pricing at Green Man is mid-range. Green Man is near the River.
For a restaurant with a 5 out of 5 rating, check out Wildwood near Café Rouge.
Let's eat at the restaurant Strada because it got 3 out of 5 stars.
Giraffe is a 3 out of 5 customer rated kid friendly coffee shop with a moderate price range located near The Bakers.
The Cricketers restaurant near All Bar One serves Indian food.
The Dumpling Tree pub offers French food in a kid friendly setting near The Portland Arms.
The Wrestlers is a low cost restaurant offering food that is not family friendly.
The Taste of Cambridge is a coffee shop located near to The Crowne Plaza Hotel. It does not allow children.
The Olive Grove is a family-friendly pub. It serves English food and has a price range of less than £20. It is located in the city centre.
The Wrestlers is a high customer rated English restaurant with a price range of more than 30 euros and is not children friendly.
Near The Portland Arms, there is a coffee shop called The Cricketers. It serves Japanese food and it is family friendly.
The Rice Boat which serves French food is located in Riverside received a 1 out of 5 rating and is also kid friendly.
The Eagle serves Indian foods, rated 1 out of 5.
Loch Fyne is and English restaurant.  It is not kid friendly.
Cocum is a coffee shop that services Indian food in the high price range.  Customers rate it 1 out of 5 and say it is not child-friendly.
The Wrestlers was rated 1 out of 5 by customers. This restaurant does not allow children and serves English food in the moderate  price range
Giraffe is a restaurant near The Six Bells. Meal typically £20-25.
A cheap family friendly place is The Wrestlers, they sell English food and have an average rating.
The Golden Curry is a Fast food joint. It has an average customer rating. Yes it is family friendly.
In Riverside, Blue Spice serves high quality meals for more than £30 and also welcomes children.
Alimentum is a Japanese restaurant located at the riverside near the Yippee Noodle Bar. IT has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Cambridge Blue public house, not far from Café Brazil, is reasonably priced and serves Italian food.
By the riverside near the Café Rouge is a kid friendly fast food restaurant name The Golden Curry that has a high customer rating.
There is a family friendly place to eat The Wrestlers that provides fast food.  Customers have rated it 5 out of 5.
The Vaults is a poorly rated, inexpensive pub near Café Adriatic.
The popular Strada pub serves great fast food and  is near next to the Yippee Noodle Bar.
Wildwood is a coffee shop that serves Indian food it has a high customer rating and a price range of £20-25 near Ranch.
A French restaurant with prices less than  £20 is also family friendly. The Green Man in the riverside area is near All Bar One.
Alimentum offers fast food at a high price in the city centre close to The Yippee Noodle Bar. Customer ratings are 5 out of 5.
There's a coffee shop serving Indian food which has a 5 out of 5 customer rating.  It's called Clowns and is in the city centre near Clare Hall.
Bibimbap House provides French food in riverside, near The Rice Boat.
At the riverside there is an Italian restaurant called Alimentum which is child friendly but has a high price range.
There is a children friendly restaurant, Green Man that serves Chinese food at high price at the riverside near All Bar One.
Near The Portland Arms in the riverside area is as place called The Punter that is family friendly and cheap.
The Olive Grove is a riverside pub that is a child-friendly, higher priced, fast-food joint.
The Blue Spice is a coffee shop in the city centre near Avalon that has a price range of less than £20 and an average customer rating, but is not family-friendly.
Green Man which is near All Bar One located in the area of riverside offers Fast food at a high price range and is not children friendly.
The Eagle is a coffee shop with Japanese food service, family atmosphere, warm and moderate prices clentele, is located near Burger King in the Riverside area
With a customer rating of average, The Phoenix end serves low-cost English food  in the city centre area.
Alimentum is an English restaurant near Yippee Noodle Bar in the city centre. It has a high price range and a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Giraffe is a coffee shop located next to The Bakers and is family friendly.
Fitzbillies is a family-friendly, Italian coffee shop, located in City Centre, with a 5 out of 5 customer rating and cheap food.
The Golden Curry is child friendly, it's near The Bakers. They serve Italian and their price range is more than £30.
Located riverside near Clare Hall, Bibimbap House serves Indian food in a high price range.
The Wrestlers is an adult Japanese coffee shop in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine  with price range more than  £30
The Rice Boat is a family friendly full service restaurant located north of the City center. Express by Holiday Inn is located near The Rice Boat.
Blue Spice is a restaurant located near Avalon in the riverside area. It is not kids friendly and has a moderate price range and a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
While bringing children may not be the best idea, the price at Strada is 20-25 and customers have rated it 3 out of 5.
Alimentum sells Indian food in the riverside area. It has a moderate price range and an overall customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is located near Yippee Noodle Bar in the riverside area.
The Blue Spice is an affordable coffee shop that is family friendly located in City Centre next to Avalon.
The Twenty Two is a cheap restaurant near The Rice Boat in the city centre. It is not family-friendly and has a rating of 5 out of 5.
There is a none family-friendly restaurant located in the riverside named The Waterman. It serves English food for high prices.
Browns Cambridge is a high priced restaurant.  It has a low rating.
Zizzi is a mid priced restaurant in the city centre.
The Eagle coffee shop near Burger King has the best sushi and is family friendly.
Giraffe is a children friendly coffee shop with an average customer rating. It is located near The Bakers.
Near the Café Brazil there is a Fast food pub called The Cambridge Blue. The price ranges more than £30.
Located near Café Sicilia with a price range of £20-£25 serves Japanese food with a high customer rating. It is a coffee shop named The Punter and is kids Friendly
Alimentum , the Japanese restaurant , with it's kid friendly play area's , situated by the river has a reasonable priced menu , with a meal for two costing between £20 - £ 25.
Bibimbap House serves Chinese food in the riverside area, near Clare Hall, the food is of a moderate price range
With a 5 out of 5 customer rating, the coffee shop Cocum serving Japanese food will cost more than £30. It is not child friendly.
Browns Cambridge is in the city centre near The Sorrento.  They serve French food but are not family-friendly.
A kid friendly coffee shop near Café Sicilia, is The Punter which serves Japanese.  Price range is L20-25. It has a 3 out of 5 customer rating.
The Waterman, a family-friendly restaurant in the riverside area is a good, cheap option.  It is family-friendly and has a rating of 5 out of 5.
There's a coffee shop called the Taste of Cambridge that serves Italian food near the Crown Plaza Hotel in Riverside.  It's kids friendly.
If you are searching for a Fast food near the riverside and The Sorrento, and that is not family-friendly, Browns Cambridge might be the place for you.
The Eagle located at the riverside provides low prices for there customers
Blue Spice is a moderate-priced restaurant in the city centre which offers Japanese food.
The Plough is a moderately priced restaurant that is near to The Bakers, and is also child friendly.
The Waterman pub has a great rating and is located outside the city centre
Alimentum is and Italian restaurant that is cheap and family friendly. It is in Riverside.
This pub Zizzi offers fast, family-oriented American fare.
The Eagle is an average Indian coffee shop located in the city centre near Burger King, they are adult only and cheap.
Bibimbap House is a high priced takeaway restaurant. It is located close to Clare Hall near to the City Centre
There is a nice pub called The Olive Grove in the riverside area. It serves Italian food but is unfortunately not child friendly. It can also be rather expensive.
The Aromi is a family orientated coffee shop but it's not really a good place.
The Eagle is a high-priced restaurant in the area of riverside near the Burger King with an average customer rating and is not child friendly.
near The Bakers The Golden Curry is Italian food with cheap price that family-Friendly
The Rice Boat is a French eatery located near the Express by Holiday Inn in the city centre.  It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 with a price range of £20-25 and is child friendly.
Riverside Blue Spice is a 5 star coffee shop near Avalon with dishes for £20-25
There's a cheap restaurant called, Wildwood Pub.
The  pub Aromi is in the city centre. It is not family-friendly and has a low customer rating.
Located near the riverside there is a moderate priced French restaurant named Blue Spice.
In the Riverside area there is a fast food place named Blue Spice. The price ranges less than £20.
There is an average pub called The Vaults near Café Adriatic that has a price range of less than £20.
Alimentum serves Japanese food and is in the high price range with one star rating located near the Yippee Noodle Bar
On the riverside near the Crown Plaza Hotel you can find Browns Cambridge.  It is a Japanese coffee shop which serves food and is family friendly.  Unfortunately it only has  a low customer rating.
Blue Spice provides Chinese food in the high price range. It is located in the city centre.
Near Rainbow Vegetarian Café, Strada is a restaurant which provides Indian food and is ideal for family and friends, given their high customer ratings.
In riverside is a French restaurant called Alimentum.  They serve meals for less than 20 pounds and offer a family-friendly environment.
Being kids friendly and with a moderate price range, The Rice Boat is near Express by Holiday Inn and in riverside area with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a five star restaurant that is family friendly and cheap.
The riverside area has Japanese food at The Phoenix but the prices are more than 30 pounds.  Customers rate this low.
The Dumpling Tree is an expensive French restaurant.
The Plough is a pub offering Indian food.  Although the price range is high, they do allow children.  They are near Café Rouge.
Located riverside, is The Golden Palace, a low customer rated restaurant.
Cocum is a children friendly restaurant with an average customer rating.
There is a French restaurant near Café Rouge with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 called Midsummer House.
The Green Man is a British restaurant in the mid priced range.  It is located near All Bar One and families are welcomed.
A 5 out of 5 restaurant, the Alimentum is a cheap place to eat that serves mainly English food. it can be found in the riverside area, next to the Yippee Noodle Bar.
The Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop that tends to be family-friendly. They are located in city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel. They serve French food and have earned low ratings.
There is a Fast food kids friendly restaurant, with a customer rating of 3 out of 5, called The Golden Curry.
There is a fast food restaurant named The Twenty Two located in the are of the riverside. It is child friendly.
Cheap, fast food serves at The Phoenix, in Riverside.
Browns Cambridge is a Japanese restaurant with excellent customer ratings and high priced food.
The Italian Blue Spice in moderate price range located in riverside
The Phoenix is a Indian restaurant 5 out of5. It is located in the river side.
The family-friendly, Japanese style restaurant, The Rice Boat, is located in the city centre near the Express by Holiday Inn.
There is a low rated child friendly English place with high prices near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.  It is named Strada.
English restaurant The Eagle is rated five stars
The Blue Spice restaurant is an English style food but high class price. Located in the area of the riverside.
The place in the riverside area that is family friendly and serves Japanese food is called Alimentum.  They also have a cheap price range.
The Golden Curry is a family friendly venue offering Japanese food near The Bakers with a price range less than £20
The Browns Cambridge is a moderately priced sushi bar with one out of five stars.
The Waterman is low customer rating restaurant in riverside providing Japanese food in the price more than £30. It is not children Friendly.
There is a lovely Japanese restaurant called The Waterman.  It is family friendly, has a cheap price range,  is located near the riverside, and has a  star rating.
Serving Fast food, Loch Fyne, has an average customer rating and is located near The Rice Boat in the city centre,
Strada is a highly customer rated restaurant. With kid-friendliness being a priority, Strada is even more dedicated to serving high-quality meals for a median price of 20-25 Euros
The Olive Grove is not family-friendly. They serve Japanese food. They are located in the riverside area. It is a pub. There price range is less then 20.
The Browns Cambridge, which is a coffee shop,  is located in the city centre near the Crowne Plaza Hotel. The serve Indian food with an average rating but is not kid friendly.
The restaurant Cocum is of average Rating and is children-friendly
Located in the city centre, Aromi is a restaurant which serves Indian food.
In the riverside area there is a low rated, moderately priced English restaurant called The Waterman that is not kids-friendly.
The Waterman is a kid friendly Japanese restaurant. It is moderately priced with a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is located in Riverside.
A restaurant named Strada has low customer rating
The Golden Curry offers French food with £20-25 for kids Friendly near The Bakers.
There is a cheap priced fast food restaurant, The Phoenix. It is located in the center of the city and has a 5 star customer satisfaction rating.
The Cocum, has some of the best food around at low prices. Great for the family on a budget.
The Cambridge Blue is a Japanese restaurant rated 5 out of 5 by its customers
The Waterman, near the Crown Plaza Hotel, serves Italian food and is kid friendly.
There is a Fast food restaurant in Riverside with an average customer rating. It is family friendly and cheap, called The Waterman.
The Olive Grove is a pub serving Indian food in the under £20 range in the city centre that is family friendly.
Zizzi pub serves Indian food and is family friendly but has a low customer rating
Cotto is a French coffee shop near The Portland Arms in city centre offering cheap price range and a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
For between £20 to £25, Fitzbillies close to The Six Bells is the choice in Fast food.
I have hear of a restaurant named The Loch Fyne, It serves a wide variety of Italian cuisine for under 30 euros.
There is a moderately rated Indian coffee shop with an average price range in the riverside area named The Golden Palace
At the riverside near Café Rouge, The Golden Curry with rating 3 out of 5 serves French food and is children friendly.
There is a one star restaurant called The Cambridge Blue.
Travellers Rest Beefeater located near Café Adriatic in the city centre, has a price range of £20-25 and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Green Man is a family friendly restaurant in the riverside area near All Bar One. It serves French food with meals less than  £20.
The Golden Curry is a high priced restaurant located near The Bakers.  It is kid friendly.
Fitzbillies is the name of a coffee shop.  They serve French food with moderate price ranges.
The Plough is an Indian pub located near Café Rouge that is kids friendly with a price range of £20-25.
The Phoenix eat French food on the riverside.
The Eagle is a coffee shop serving Indian food in the price range of less than £20, with low customer ratings in the city centre area near Burger King and is family friendly.
There is a child friendly Japanese restaurant in the riverside area with a high customer rating, it is called The Rice Boat.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop. It is located in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is kid friendly.
The Vaults is a excellent Rating coffee shop with the price Range of more than £30 located at the riverside near by the Café Brazil.
The Cambridge Blue has a high customer rating. It is a Fast food restaurant.
The Plough is a French pub near Café Rouge. It is kid friendly with a price range of more than 30.
There is a cheap restaurant Loch Fyne located near The Rice Boat that provides sushi.
Near the Ranch, there is a family friendly establishment called Cotto. It serves French food and has an average customer rating.
The family friendly Green Man serves cheap price English food and is located near All Bar One by the riverside.
Cotto, an Indian coffee shop located in the city centre near The Portland Arms, is an Indian coffee shop in the high price range and with an average customer rating.
In the area of the riverside, there is a cheap family friendly coffee shop named Zizzi that is average rated.
In the city centre The Mill pub serves Italian food at a less than £20 price range.
The Italian restaurant, The Rice Boat has high customer ratings and is not considered children friendly.  Prices range more than £30.  The location for The Rice Boat is in the city centre area near Express by Holiday Inn.
Browns Cambridge is a 3-star coffee shop that offers dishes for all ages, so you can bring the whole family. It is found north of the city center beside the Crowne Plaza Hotel, with a view of the river.
Loch Fyne is a moderate-priced restaurant that provides Indian food. It is not kids friendly.
The Eagle is a 5 star restaurant specialising in Japanese food
The Rice Boat is a cheap fast food restaurant located near the Express by Holiday Inn.  It is family friendly.
The Wrestlers is a children friendly Indian coffee shop in the high price range in the riverside area of Raja Indian Cuisine.
Non kids friendly place The Rice Boat is in Riverside near Express by Holiday Inn. Range of £20-25 with a high rating.
The Wrestlers coffee shop is a family oriented restaurant that features some of the best wine in the area.  Also close to Raja Indian Cuisine
A moderate price Range coffee shop with a low customer Rating and moderate pricing is called The Vaults.  It is located near Café Brazil along the Riverside.
The Strada is a fast food restaurant near the Yippee Noodle Bar.  It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Blue Spice coffee shop is high-priced and family friendly. It is located near Avalon.
Located in the city centre there is a place Blue Spice with great food.
Blue Spice is located on the river and is a family friendly three star restaurant.
A restaurant called The Green Man is in the riverside area located near All Bar One. It is kids friendly and offers Chinese food with a moderate price range
Cocum coffee shop serves great pasta meals at value prices for all the family.
Italian food restaurant at The Dumpling Tree in the moderate price range
The Golden Curry is a family friendly Italian restaurant with a low customer rating.
The Olive Grove serves moderately priced Chinese food in a pub setting in the riverside area but it's not family friendly.
Located in the riverside area Zizzi is a kids friendly  coffee shop moderately priced with a customer rating of 3 out of 5
A non child friendly restaurant is Loch Fyne which is Japanese restaurant moderately priced.
The Twenty Two has fast food and is not kids friendly.
The Golden Curry has high price range and serves Japanese food. They are children friendly, located near The Bakers.
The Waterman provides Indian food. It is not family friendly and it is near the Crowne Plaza Hotel.
For Italian cuisine, try The Rice Boat, located in the riverside area.
The Olive Grove is a kid friendly pub in the riverside that serves Chinese food with a price range of less than £20.
Midsummer House is a low rated French diner located by  Café Rouge.
The Rice Boat was a family friendly, riverside, and family friendly restaurant with a very low customer rating.
There is a kid friendly coffee shop called The Eagle in riverside are that is price ranged more than 30. They have French food and it has a 5 out of 5 rating. It's near a Burger King.
The Green Man is family-friendly costs less than £20 sells fast food and is near All Bar One in the city centre
The Dumpling Tree is a cheap French restaurant.
The Wrestlers is a children friendly Fast food place in the high price range with a customer rating of 1 out of 5, its prices are in the high price range.
The Punter,  Japanese food for £20-£25.
Taste of Cambridge is a family friendly, Fast food coffee shop, near the Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area.
There's a cheap Indian near The Six Bells called Fitzbillies.
The Golden Palace is an average Indian food coffee shop with high prices in riverside.
The Vaults is a family friendly French restaurant with affordable prices under £20.
For high quality Japanese food, visit The Phoenix in the city centre. It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Golden Curry is an Italian restaurant with no family-friendly ambiance with a customer rating 5 out of 5.
The Mill pub serves expensive Italian food in the riverside area.
The Rice Boat is near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café. It is an inexpensive 3 star restaurant.
The Wrestlers is an non kid friendly Indian food restaurant with a moderate price range and a 3 out of 5 customer rating.
Loch Fyne is a kid-friendly restaurant that serves French food at a moderate price.
In city centre there is a family-friendly French coffee shop named Aromi that has a 5 out of 5 rating.
Near Café Adriatic in the riverside area is Travellers Rest Beefeater, an expensive, highly rated restaurant.
in the center. of the town, it is a bar called The Mill, is economical
Blue Spice is a Fast food restaurant in the riverside area with prices ranging from £20-25
Aromi is the best Japanese coffee shop at the riverside with a kid friendly environment and a 3 out 5 star customer rating.
In Riverside, there is a fast food place called The Twenty Two that is kids friendly.
The Punter is a high price English restaurant.
There is a Japanese coffee shop in the city centre near Clare Hall. Clowns has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Phoenix provides Chinese food It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is high.
In the centre of the city is Browns Cambridge.  It has Italian and is near The Sorrento.  It is not family-friendly.
The Cricketers is an atrocious coffee shop that serves Italian near The Portland Arms with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.  Although child-friendly, I would not recommend it.
Near the Express by Holiday Inn on the riverside, The Rice Boat serves Italian for less than £20 ans is family friendly.
Blue Spice is a coffee shop in the riverside area near Avalon in the average price range, kids friendly with an average customer rating
The Travellers Rest Beefeater restaurant is cheap but not family friendly. It can be found in the city centre.
The Loch Fyne serves English food. It is located near The Rice Boat in the riverside area. It has a low rating of 1 out of 5.
The coffee shop Fitzbillies is a cheap location to eat French food in the city centre area.  Customers give this coffee shop a rating of 5 out of 5 stars.  This is not a family-friendly coffee shop.
Browns Cambridge provides fast food at a cheap price with 5 out of 5 customer ratings.
The Eagle is a highly rated Indian restaurant.
A expensive coffee shop near Avalon in Riverside rated 5 out of 5 called Blue Spice is not kid friendly.
The Waterman is a restaurant offering English food located in the city centre.  It is a kids friendly restaurant with an average price range of £20-25 and customers rating it high.
The Golden Palace in Riverside serve meals from £20-25, it is a coffee shop which has a customer rating of high, it serves fast food.
The Cambridge Blue is an Italian restaurant with high ratings.
An average rated restaurant called Wildwood is nearby Café Rouge.
The Browns Cambridge is an affordable coffee shop near the Crowne Plaza Hotel in City Centre.
Japanese food can be found in the city centre at The Waterman.  It has a low customer rating, is not family-friendly, and has a price range of more than £30.
You can get low priced sushi at the family friendly 5 star rated coffee shop Cocum.
The Vaults is a restaurant providing English food in the high price range and provides a child friendly venue
Blue Spice is an affordable restaurant offering quick service options in the riverside area.
Fast-Food under 20 Euros can be found at  Fitzbillies in The Six Bells area.
Located in The Portland Arms is a family friendly fast food restaurant named The Cricketers.
There is a place in the city centre called The Eagle that has a 3 out of 5 customer rating and a price range of £20-25.
There is a high-priced coffee shop, Cocum, that is opened to all age groups.
Browns Cambridge restaurant is a cheap place to eat English food.
Alimentum is in the city centre near, Yippee Noodle Bar, serving French food, cheap, and rated 5 out of 5 by their customers.
The Rice Boat is a high-end adult restaurant serving Japanese cuisine. Located near the Express by Holiday Inn, they have received fantastic customer reviews.
The Punter is a Italian place. The prices are amazing.
Midsummer House, a 5-star Italian restaurant, is not too far from Café Rouge.
The Waterman is a Chinese food pub located near the riverside. It has a low customer rating.
The kids were not nice in the building called The Vaults. The food was Japanese and was in a moderate price range.
In the riverside area near The Sorrento is a family friendly,  French restaurant named Browns Cambridge.
Fitzbillies provides Indian food in the high price range. It is near The Six Bells.
Chinese food near Clare Hall in the city centre Bibimbap House has a moderate price
There is a high priced French restaurant Alimentum located in riverside near Yippee Noodle Bar.
The Phoenix is a venue that offers French cuisine. It has a high price range and a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is located in the city centre.
Near the Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre, Browns Cambridge is a family-friendly, fast food coffee shop that gets average customer reviews.
If you need a meal in the £20-25 range, Fitzbillies offers great French food, located near The Six Bells.
Alimentum is a Chinese, high rated food place in riverside near Yippee Noodle Bar with a price range of £20-25.
Italian riverside named Bibimbap House price range is high near Clare Hall
Alimentum is a high-end Indian restaurant in the city centre, near Yippee Noodle Bar. It has average ratings.
Kid friendly fast food places include The Twenty Two
Located on the riverside is The Eagle.  It's known for having a cheap price range but a wonderful customer rating of 5 out of 5.
There is a Chinese pub called The Dumpling Tree near The Portland Arms that is kid friendly.
The Phoenix is an expensive Japanese food restaurant in the city centre with a rating of 3 out of 5.
The Eagle is a non-family-friendly Italian coffee shop with low prices and high ratings. Located in riverside, near Burger King.
Earning a high customer rating and prices between 20 to 25 pounds Alimentum is a Japanese restaurant located in the city centre near Yippee Noodle Bar.
The Rice Boat is a restaurant located in the riverside near Express by Holiday Inn that serves Chinese food.
The Phoenix is a medium-range priced restaurant, located near the River Cam in Cambridge, that serves a traditional English breakfast.
The fast food place with an average customer rating, The Eagle, is near Burger King in the city center, has a cheap price range and is a family-friendly coffee shop.
Located near the Express by Holiday Inn in the city centre, The Rice Boat offers Indian Food.  This restaurant is family friendly.  The food is inexpensive and customer ratings are average.
Located by the riverside, The Phoenix is a very good restaurant, which provides inexpensive Italian food.
Near Ranch is a coffee shop named Wildwood, 3 out of 5 customers like the moderately priced coffee shop.
The Phoenix offers Italian food in the city centre. It is highly rated at 5 out of 5 by customers.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop in the city centre where they also serve Japanese food. Typically costing between twenty and twenty five pounds customers rate Fitzbillies as highly recommended. It is child friendly.
Clowns, a high price pub located in city centre. It has a 3 out of 5 customer rating.
Cotto is a place near Café Rouge where you can get Chinese food.
Near Café Adriatic near the city centre is Travellers Rest Beefeater. They have a low customer rating and are priced at more than thirty euros.
If you want Japanese go to The Golden Curry. It's children friendly and doesn't cost much.
The Waterman is a restaurant providing sushi in the low price range. It is located in the city centre.
There is a medium priced kid Chinese restaurant Loch Fyne that is kid friendly.
A Children Friendly Italian restaurant located near Raja Indian Cuisine in the centre of the city named The Wrestlers has high price range for a coffee shop
Blue Spice is a family friendly restaurant located in the Riverside area with a good customer rating . And yes it provides meals at a price range of less than £20.
The Dumpling Tree is a restaurant that provides low prices food.
Loch Fyne restaurant is Chinese cuisine in quiet atmosphere, at reasonable prices.
The Wrestlers is a moderately-priced restaurant offering Italian food in a family-friendly setting. However, it is not rated highly by customers.
Kid friendly and located near Crowne Plaza Hotel, The Waterman offers French food.
Strada is a French restaurant located near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café. The price range is 20-25 GBP, customer rating is 3 out of 5 and the place is not kid friendly.
Riverside is the location of The Golden Palace restaurant that  has got a low rating from the customers.
Loch Fyne serves fast food and is located near The Rice Boat in the city centre but they have low customer ratings.
A moderately rated family fast food restaurant near the river is The Rice Boat.
In the riverside area near Café Adriatic is Travellers Rest Beefeater which has a low customer rating and a price ranger of more than £30.
Kid friendly,  The Waterman where prices ranges are moderate.
The Cambridge Blue is a restaurant that has a customer rating or 3 out of 5, and also has Japanese food.
Clowns is a Fast food coffee shop that is located on the riverside. It is near Clare Hall and has a rating of 3 out of 5.
There is a high priced French restaurant near All Bar One called the Midsummer House. The customer rating is 3 out of 5.
The Loch Fyne restaurant is a fast food restaurant with average prices that is kid friendly.
In riverside, near Raja Indian Cuisine is a moderately priced coffee shop that serves fast food. It is also child friendly and is called The Wrestlers.
The Eagle is an Indian coffee shop near Burger King that is rated high by customers. It is located in riverside, is not children friendly and has a price range of more than 30 pounds.
In the city centre, there is a non kid friendly, and moderately priced Japanese food restaurant called Alimentum.
There is a fast food. coffee shop located in the city centre called Aromi. It has a 1 out of 5 star rating. and is family friendly.
The Waterman is a pub that serves Fast food on the riverside with a low rating
A restaurant called Wildwood is family friendly.
The Eagle offers English food and has a high customer rating.
The Punter is a coffee shop providing Indian food in the £20-25 price range. It is near Café Sicilia. Its customer rating is high.
The Dumpling Tree is a restaurant that serves French food for more than £30.
Near the riverside, Zizzi is a coffee shop with a children friendly atmosphere with a price range of more than £30, as well as high customer ratings.
Zizzi pub is not family friendly but has a high customer rating of 5 out of 5 for it's Indian food.
There is an Italian restaurant called The Waterman in the city centre.  It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5, yet is a cheap place to eat.
The Loch Fyne restaurant provides a child friendly location for fast food
In riverside, The Waterman serves Fast food. It has an average price range and a high customer rating. It is not kid friendly.
Near the riverside by The Rice Boat is The Twenty Two, family friendly and cheaper than £20, but they have a low customer rating.
The Giraffe is a adult pub which serves French food in the riverside area.
The Mill, is a pub serving French food in the average price range at riverside.
Zizzi is a pub that services Chinese food. Customers have rated Zizzi 1 out of 5. Children are welcome.
There is an expensive restaurant Fitzbillies located near The Six Bells that offers English food.
Alimentum is a Chinese restaurant in the center of the city near Yippee Noodle Bar. It has inexpensive food with an average rating.
If you're looking for a well-rated pub in Cambridge, look no further than Wildwood. Its customers give it excellent reviews, and while its prices go above £30, the English-style cuisine is worth it.
3-star rated Wildwood pub serves a variety of food and wine at a moderate price level.
Fitzbillies coffee shop near the river provides mid-priced Italian fare in a family friendly atmosphere.
In riverside, there is a French coffee shop called The Golden Palace.  The meals are less than 20 pounds, but they have low customer satisfaction.
There is a high priced coffee shop called The Eagle it's a family friendly coffee shop located near Burger King.
With a rating of 1 out of 5, The Golden Palace is a Fast food coffee shop in the city centre. It has a high price range.
A child friendly pub, called Aromi, is located riverside, has a high customer rating.
The Waterman has pretty average reviews, but it's a decently priced place to get a good pub meal in the riverside area.
The Green Man is a moderately priced restaurant which is on the riverside and serves English Food.  It is near All Bar One and you can expect to pay between £20 to £25 for a meal.  It is child friendly.
The Rice Boat in riverside area and near Express by Holiday Inn has English food. With a moderate price range and kids friendly, it has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a three star coffee shop. It is close to the river.
The Plough near Café Rouge is a mid priced pub serving French food. It is child friendly.
With a 1 out of 5 customer rating, we at Cotto have more than you might expect. Our food is a little high priced, but located in the riverside area near The Portland Arms, it is a nice convenience to visit this Fast Food coffee shop.
Located next to The Bakers is a one star sushi place called The Wrestlers which is not family friendly.
Midsummer House serves low price French food and is situated near All Bar One
Aromi is a family friendly coffee shop serving fast food. Found on the riverside it has a low customer rating.
The Waterman is a restaurant providing take-away deliveries in the medium price rage, we do not allow children we have a great customer rating of 3.5, located in a super spot in riverside.
The Golden Curry near Café Rouge is not a family-friendly Japanese restaurant in riverside that gets 5 out of 5 ratings.
Blue Spice is a family friendly, low-cost, 3-star restaurant, located on the river north of the City centre.
The Rice Boat sells Chinese food and is located in the center of the city near Express by Holiday Inn. The rating is 1 out of 5, moderately priced, and it is not kids friendly.
Clowns is an Italian coffee shop in riverside near Clare Hall. It has been rated 5 out of 5.
Near Clare Hall in city centre you will find the coffee shop Clowns. This highly rated, 5 out of 5,establishment serves Italian food.
you can find Cotto near Ranch, they sell English food with a 5 out of 5 rating and are family Friendly
There is a children-friendly pub located near the riverside, close to The Sorrento. The pub is named Taste of Cambridge.
The Loch Fyne is a French restaurant that is non-children friendly with a moderate price range.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop that serves French food at less than £20 and has a average customer rating.
A  French pub located near Café Rouge and down by the riverside is called Green Man.
There is a cheap restaurant The Green Man located near to All Bar One. It is child friendly.
The Vaults is not a children friendly place that serves Italian food but is expensive.
Alimentum serves low priced Japanese food in the riverside area. It is located near to the Yippee Noodle Bar and has a high customer rating of 5 stars.
The Eagle coffee shop serves Indian food.  It is near Burger King near the riverside.  It is not kid friendly and carries an average customer rating.
The Mill is a pub which sells Chinese food. It has a moderate price range and is in the city centre.
The Eagle is a Chinese restaurant that has a low customer rating.
Midsummer House is near the All Bar One serving English food with a high price range. The customer rating is average.
The Cambridge Blue is a Chinese pub that offers expensive food. It is found near Café Brazil.
Located in the city centre near Yippee Noodle Bar can be found Alimentum serving expensive Italian food. It has an average customer rating.
The Punter, located near Café Sicilia, is a child friendly coffee shop that offers Italian food. The Punter is high-priced and was rated as average by customers.
If you're looking for a great kid-friendly Chinese place in the riverside area near Café Rouge, try The Golden Curry.
The Twenty Two offers Italian food in the city centre in a family-friendly environment.
Located at the riverside, The Olive Grove is a family friendly restaurant.
The Olive Grove is a family friendly restaurant with average prices that is near the middle of the city and has Chinese food in a pub.
In riverside near the Express by Holiday Inn is a Japanese food place called The Rice Boat. The place is a none kids friendly environment therefore the customer rating is 1 out of 5.  You will find the price range very moderate.
The Dumpling Tree is a fast-food restaurant that is medium priced
The Golden Curry is located in the city center., near Café Rouge. It is a Chinese restaurant that has an average customer rating that is not family friendly.
Giraffe is a moderately priced coffee shop, near The Bakers. It is kid friendly, and has a 1 out of 5 rating.
The Punter is a coffee shop. They serve Indian food. It is expensive but has a decent customer rating. It is not for children and is near Café Sicilia.
The Eagle is a coffee shop near Burger King in the center of the city that is kids friendly, it ranges from 20-25 euros for a meal. Customers rate it 3 out of 5, it serves French food.
A riverside coffee shop people visit when their budget is less than £20 is The Vaults near Café Brazil. Unfortunately it has a low customer rating.
Fitzbillies is a 5 out of 5 rated child friendly French coffee shop in the city centre, prices range from £30 up.
Midsummer House is a restaurant providing Italian food near Café Rouge. Customer ratings are average.
There is a cheap fast-food joint Bibimbap House located in the riverside area near Clare Hall
The Golden Curry, is in the riverside area near the Café Rouge and has a high customer rating, and is a family friendly Indian restaurant.
Cocum is an average priced pub that customers score as 3 out of 5. Cocum is kids friendly.
The Eagle, a coffee shop that serves fast food near Burger King in riverside has a high customer rating, and is not kid friendly. Their price range is more than £30.
Clowns is a coffee shop which offers fast food and has high customer ratings, and may be found near Clare Hall in the riverside area.
The Golden Curry is family friendly Italian restaurant with a three star rating.
The Rice Boat is a restaurant providing average quality food in the average price range. It is located in the north of city after Express by Holiday Inn.
You can eat Chinese food for less than £20 at Fitzbillies. It is near The Six Bells.
In riverside, Alimentum serves French food in the less than £20 price range, and is family friendly.
Fitzbillies coffee shop has excellent customer ratings and low prices. It is family friendly, serves Indian food and is located by the riverside.
Conveniently located in riverside near Burger King there is a moderately priced coffee shop serving Indian food with a rating of 1 out of 5 called The Eagle. Children are permitted.
Strada is a contemporary Italian restaurant near Yippee Noodle Bar and Trinity College that is well regarded by its customers.
Located near The Six Bells, Fitzbillies is a moderately priced Italian cuisine restaurant.
The Eagle is a family-friendly restaurant, near Burger King, that offers an affordable menu of cheeses, breads, soups and alcohol. It has a five-star rating.
For a highly rated 5 out of 5 Japanese experience, head for The Golden Palace coffee shop in the city centre at for a very reasonable price.
There is a high priced Chinese restaurant Loch Fyne that is  children friendly .
Alimentum located near city centre serves Indian food. It has a high price range and yes, is children friendly.
There is a cheap restaurant Loch Fyne which is not suitable for families that provides cheeses, wine and desserts.
The Wrestlers is a reasonably priced, family friendly, coffee shop that also serves Indian food. It is located in Riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine.
If you are looking for Italian, do not go to The Phoenix in riverside.   You will find expensive food and bad customer service.
Near the Café Rouge you will find the family friendly restaurant, The Golden Curry, serving Japanese food in the riverside area with a customer rating 5 out o 5.
In riverside near All Bar One. Green Man is a Children friendly Chinese restaurant prices are more than 30.
Loch Fyne is a cheap sushi restaurant  that is highly recommended for families.
Since The Rice Boat is near Express by Holiday Inn in the city centre, it serves expensive English food and not children friendly with a 1 out 5 rating.
Alimentum serves cheap Japanese food with a low customer rating, located in riverside area near Yippee Noodle Bar.
The Waterman is a pub providing Chinese food It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is high.
The venue Blue Spice is located on the riverside, providing value services for £30 and over. Although it is not children friendly, the customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Loch Fyne restaurant providing Japanese Food. It is located in City center. Not Friend Family.
In the center of the city near All Bar One, there is a French restaurant named Green Man that has a moderate price range, but is not kid friendly.
In the riverside area, by Clare Hall, is the  moderately priced fast food place Bibimbap House
For highly rated Italian food in the riverside area visit The Phoenix. Meals range between £20-25.
Near The Bakers is a cheap family friendly fast food place called The Golden Curry
A pub serving English cuisine, The Dumpling Tree is located near The Portland Arms. It is not family-friendly.
Taste of Cambridge is not a family-friendly pub near The Sorrento area of Riverside.
The Vaults sushi bar has low prices but is not suitable for a family.
A pub near The Portland Arms, The Dumpling Tree, serves French food and is family friendly.
The Mill is a Chinese pub in riverside that price ranges at more than £30.
The Olive Grove is a riverside pub offering food for less than £20.  It is not family-friendly.
The Phoenix serves French food and is located in the riverside area. It has an average customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Blue Spice is a fast food place that has a price range of £20 and under, and is located in the area of riverside.
The Twenty Two is an Italian restaurant that is not family-friendly. It is located in the city centre.
You can find The Phoenix right by the riverside.
The Dumpling Tree restaurant serves cheap Indian food.
The Twenty Two has a price range less than £20 is not family-friendly and has an average customer rating. Located near The Rice Boat in riverside.
Near The Sorrento in the city centre, there is a family-friendly French restaurant called Browns Cambridge.
Prices are high in Strada, It's children friendly with the customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Rice Boat serves Japanese food near the city center and the Express by Holiday Inn.  It is customer rated 1 out of 5 and is moderately priced but not kid friendly.
An Indian coffee shop named Aromi is located in the city centre.  It is kid-friendly and is rated as average by its customers.
Cocum coffee shop is reasonably priced and is child friendly. It is rated five stars.
Browns Cambridge serves different types of alcoholic drinks and cheeses at quite high prices, but at a very high standard of quality.
Fitzbillies serves expensive English food and is located near The Six Bells.
Loch Fyne is a child friendly Italian restaurant.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that serves Indian food for cheap. It has a very high customer rating despite it not being family friendly. It is located in the riverside area.
There is a family friendly Chinese restaurant in the city centre, The Rice Boat with an average customer rating.
Bring the kids and enjoy Chinese food at The Waterman. The prices are average but the food is highly rated by customers.
There is a Japanese restaurant named The Twenty Two.
The Punter is a family-friendly coffee shop with a moderate price range and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5; it is north of Café Sicilia.
The Phoenix provides Indian food in the high price range. It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Waterman is a family Friendly Japanese restaurant charging less than £20 but has a low rating
The Wrestlers is a high priced, average rated,  children-friendly  fast food.
Located in the city centre, The Waterman is a pub which provides Chinese. It has low customer rating.
Fitzbillies coffee shop is a restaurant with a high priced menu. It is family friendly.
The Twenty Two near The Rice Boat by the Riverside is high-priced and low rated by customers, but it is child-friendly.
The Eagle coffee shop a variety of foods, it's near Burger King in the City centre
Blue Spice provides Japanese food in the mid price range. It is located riverside.
There is a place named Browns Cambridge that provide English food and it is kids-friendly. the location is near The Sorrento in the riverside area
The Mill is a pub that provides Indian food in the moderate price range. It is located in the riverside.
Bibimbap House , in Riverside is located near Clare Hall,  providing French food with a price range less than 20.
The Vaults is a moderate price Chinese restaurant that is not kids friendly.
The Golden Curry is located in the city centre near Café Rouge, serving English food, but has a low customer rating, and is not family-friendly.
The Blue Spice is a high priced fast food restaurant located near the riverside area.
If you want English food for less than  £20 near The Six Bells, then try Fitzbillies.
A Japanese place named Alimentum with decent prices is not family friend and located the river side.
If you are craving Indian food, try Cotto, it is a coffee shop that is in the higher price range with spectacular high ratings. It is located in Riverside near The Portland Arms
Cocum is a restaurant with low customer ratings. It is children friendly.
The Wrestlers serves moderately priced Italian and is kid friendly with a 3 out of 5 customer rating.
With an average customer rating, The Cambridge Blue restaurant has now added Japanese food to their menu.
The Rice Boat is a poorly rated, 1 out of 5, non-child friendly Italian restaurant. It has a moderate price range and is located on the riverside near Express by Holiday Inn.
The Twenty Two serves Japanese food appropriate for the whole family.
Alimentum is a fair-priced burger joint located next to Yippee Noodle Bar.
Located near All Bar One, Midsummer House offers cheap English food, and has a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
There is a poor pub by the river called Aromi that is not family-friendly.
The Plough is a child friendly restaurant with a high price range. This restaurant can be found near The Bakers.
Clowns, near Café Sicilia is mid-price ranged and not suitable for families.
The Eagle, not kid friendly Italian food, near Burger King in Riverside. Moderate priced coffee shop with a 1 out of 5 rating.
Midsummer House is located near All Bar One. It serves French food, and is in the high price range. It received a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The French coffee shop in the riverside area, near Clare Hall, with the low customer rating is called Clowns
In the city centre, is the family-friendly restaurant The Waterman which serves English food. It is priced below average for Cambridge, at less than £20, and has a customer rating of low.
The Vaults is a coffee shop, situated on the riverside near Café Brazil.
The Golden Curry is a below average restaurant in the city centre that provides accommodations for families with children.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop with Indian food in the price Range of £20-25, a high customer Rating, in the riverside area and is kid Friendly.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop located in the city centre. They serve French food with prices ranging from £30 and up. They have a low customer rating.
In the riverside area is The Golden Palace restaurant with a low rating
With a price range of 20-25, The Punter serves Japanese food.
Zizzi is a family friendly restaurant that is 5 stars.
Loch Fyne serves English food in the city centre near The Rice Boat. The customer ratings are average.
The Golden Curry near Café Rouge in the city center area is a family-friendly restaurant with a customer Rating of 5 out of 5
A French coffee shop, named Wildwood with a price range of less than £20, is located near Ranch. It has a low customer rating.
In the City centre there is a high priced restaurant named The Phoenix
The Rice Boat restaurant serves Italian food an is kid friendly located in riverside in the £20-25 price range near the Express by Holiday Inn.
Fitzbillies is an Italian coffee shop located in City Centre. The food is cheap, the atmosphere is family-friendly, and the customers rate it 5 out of 5.
The Waterman is not too good to go with family, but the food is inexpensive , it is north of the City Centre.
Blue Spice is located in riverside , highly rated by customers. It is child friendly ranging in price over £30.
The Rice Boat serves English food in riverside area.
Fitzbillies is a low cost coffee shop that caters to families and is not highly rated
The Dumpling Tree is a expensive French restaurant.
The Japanese coffee shop near The Sorrento in the riverside area has a moderate price range. It's called The Mill.
Midsummer House is a French restaurant located near All Bar One.
There is a cheap coffee shop call Blue Spice but they are not family-friendly. They are located in riverside near Avalon.
Located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café, Strada is a highly regarded Chinese restaurant known for its family friendly atmosphere and cheap prices.
Located outside the city center., The Olive Grove is an adult-friendly pub offering reasonably priced food and beverages.
Wildwood is a coffee shop providing Indian food in the cheap price range. It is near Ranch. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
A fast food restaurant names The Cambridge Blue has a rating of 5 out of 5.
Located in Riverside near the Express by Holiday Inn is The Rice Boat  a low priced Italian eatery that is an ok adult only restaurant
There is a low rated restaurant called Cocum that is not family-friendly.
The Midsummer House has English food and is near the Café Rouge. It has an average customer rating.
Cheap, family-friendly, The Twenty Two, near The Rice Boat in the city centre has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Rice Boat is a cheap, 5 star restaurant that is family friendly. It is located beside the Express by Holiday Inn and is a wine and cheese tasting place.
Yes, Blue Spice restaurant in the riverside provide rank 3 out of 5 with moderate price
Located close to The Portland Arms in the town centre, Cotto is a well priced Indian coffee shop.
The Cotto  is an Italian coffee shop with a moderate price range.  It is near The Portland Arms in the city centre.  A 3 out of 5 rating.
Cotto is a family friendly Chinese restaurant with a 5 out of 5 rating located near the Ranch.
The Rice Boat offers English food. It is family-friendly with an average rating by customers. It is located in the city centre.
The Phoenix is an Italian restaurant in the city centre rated 5 out of 5 by customers.
This place that sells Italian food in the city centre area with a 1 out of 5 customer rating and a high price range is names The Phoenix.
Cocum is a poor rated, family pub serving cheap food.
An Indian coffee shop called Fitzbillies is near the area of the riverside.  It is not for kids, moderately priced and has a rating of 1 out of 5.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is a cheap non family-friendly restaurant.
Loch Fyne is a restaurant. It is located in riverside area. Not family-friendly.
The Phoenix is a five star sushi restaurant located outside of the city center.
The Waterman is a pub that serves Indian food and gets a rating of 1 out of 5. It is located in the riverside area.
The Rice Boat, a fast food establishment, has received a rating of 1 out of 5.  It is located in riverside and is also kid friendly.
The Wrestlers, located by the margin of the river, next to Raja Indian Cuisine, is a high cost restaurant that provides Japanese food.
The Waterman is a low-priced restaurant in the riverside that provides French food in less than £20. It has average customer rating but not family-friendly.
There is a coffee shop in the city centre serving Indian food and costing less than  £20. It's called The Wrestlers and is near Raja Indian Cuisine. Not family friendly.
The Rice Boat, a Chinese restaurant in the city centre, has a 5 out of 5 customer rating but is not family friendly.
The Golden Curry is a family-friendly that provide Italian food and has 5 out of 5 customer rating. the location is in the riverside near Café Rouge
Green Man is priced at over £30 for a meal. It is child friendly and located riverside.
The Eagle is a coffee shop located near the river, perfect of family days out with children. the Eagle offers a range of food, snacks, wine and coffee  at low prices. the coffee shop is rated 3 out of 5 stars and situated near Burger King.
There's an expensive place called Midsummer House with burgers, fries, and drinks near the All Bar One.
Strada rated the Chinese food near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café 1 out of 5 because the prices are high and they are not child friendly
Cocum is a children friendly Japanese food available at coffee shop with a price range of £30 has a low customer rating.
Fitzbillies serves Chinese for £20-25. It is near The Six Bells.
The Twenty Two is a kid friendly Indian restaurant in the Riverside area.
Fitzbillies is an eatery close to The Six Bells, that serves English sustenance for £30 and up.
After you have come out of the Yippee Noodle Bar go to the Alimentum located at the centre of the city.
Zizzi is a Fast food pub. It is kid friendly, but has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
A coffee shop called The Mill offers high-priced fast food. It is located near The Sorrento in Riverside.
If you ever go to Riverside and are looking for cheap fast food, you should definitely check out the Bibimbap House near Clare Hall.
The Waterman provides Chinese food in the cheap price range. It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is average.
Cotto providing Japanese food. It is located in near Café Rouge.
The Phoenix is a pricey Japanese restaurant in the riverside district. It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
A low priced restaurant in the center of town with a fair rating is The Phoenix.
Fitzbillies is located near the Express by Holiday Inn. It is both child friendly and given a five star rating by customers. Its price range is over £30.
Giraffe is a moderately priced coffee shop close to The Bakers.  It has a customer rating 1 out of 5 and is not recommended for kids.
Blue Spice is a high-priced and low rated coffee shop. It is located near Avalon.
The Rice Boat is a non family-friendly, Japanese restaurant near Express by Holiday Inn in riverside with  a price range of less than 20 and an average customer rating.
Five out of five customers enjoy eating at the Japanese restaurant known as The Cambridge Blue.
City centre coffee shop Aromi is a family-friendly coffee shop serving fast food and has low customer ratings.
For a mediocre, mid priced child friendly restaurant try Fitzbillies near Express by Holiday Inn.
The Dumpling Tree is an Italian restaurant with moderate prices.
The Phoenix is a high street spot that offers the best meals at good prices.
Clowns is a coffee shop serving Japanese food located in the city centre near Clare Hall with low customer ratings.
The Plough is a pub that provides Chinese food in the more than £30 price range. It is near Café Rouge.
The Cambridge Blue is a pub that provides Indian food in the less than £20 price range. It is near Café Brazil.
Strada is a French food restaurant providing foods in more than £30 and located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café. I has customer rating of 5 out of 5 but it is not children Friendly.
Located close to the river is The Mill Pub.  It has moderate prices and serves fast food.
The moderately priced coffee shop The Punter serves French food and is child friendly. It is located near Café Sicilia and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Wildwood is a low-priced pub that may serve British food.
The Mill is a pub that offers food and drink at low prices.
Fitzbillies has a price range of £20-25 and is situated near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
Blue Spice is a Japanese restaurant that is less than £20 in the city centre.
The Family friendly Fitzbillies coffee shop, has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It provides Fast food in the cheap price range and is located in the riverside area.
Located close to The Sorrento in the riverside area of Cambridge Browns Cambridge is a family friendly Chinese restaurant.
Check out The Eagle featuring Italian cuisine and sporting a high customer rating.
The Phoenix is a sushi bar located in the city centre which offers low quality food.
located near Café Sicilia The Punter is a low cost coffee shop that is family friendly
Family friendly Indian food in Riverside, The Rice Boat. Low Customer Rating.
I went to this French Pub named Wildwood. The prices for.  Meal varies anywhere between £20-25. And even though their customer rating is 3 out of 5, I think it's a great place to hang out.
Giraffe and high-priced, low-rated, and kids-friendly coffee shop near The Bakers.
Aromi is a pub that is not family-friendly. It has an average customer rating and is located by the riverside.
Located riverside near Burger King you will find The Eagle coffee shop offering Indian food. They have a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and are price ranged high. They are not children friendly.
Loch Fyne provides Chinese food It is located in the riverside. It is near The Rice Boat. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Zizzi is a 3 star, high end coffee shop located in the city centre.  Children are welcome.
Taste of Cambridge is a cheap restaurant with a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
There is in the riverside exist a restaurant Italian is Blue Spice with moderate price
Cotto is an expensive coffee and sushi shop with a three star rating. It is located near The Portland Arms.
A family friendly pub near riverside with a high price range, is The Olive Grove.
Browns Cambridge is a family-friendly French restaurant located near The Sorrento in the city centre.
The Dumpling Tree is a low-priced restaurant that serves fast food.
Near Café Rouge is a French restaurant called Midsummer House, It has a 3 out of 5 customer rating.
Loch Fyne is a family friendly French restaurant in the average price range.
Located by All Bar One is Midsummer House an average rated English restaurant that costs 3
An expensive fast food place you can go to is The Punter.
The Cricketers is a Japanese coffee shop.  It is rated three stars and is family-friendly.  This coffee shop can be found near The Portland Arms.
Zizzi pub is family friendly and is rated five star, with its complete meal deals.
The Twenty Two is a family friendly pub serving British cuisine.
French restaurant called Alimentum in Riverside located near Yippee Noodle Bar customer rating 1 out of 5 and moderate price Range
The Rice Boat is a non family-friendly English restaurant in the city centre with an average customer rating.
Zizzi is a kid friendly pub that has a high customer rating serving Italian food
The Olive Grove is a pub that offers family area and it has a price range less than £20. It is located in the centre.
Strada has Indian food with low prices. Located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café,is family friendly with an average rating.
Green Man is a cheap adult restaurant near riverside.
The Vaults restaurant serves Italian food.
There is a child friendly, Japanese coffee shop called 'Cocum' that is highly rated by its customers and has a price range of £20-25.
Located in the riverside area near The Portland Arms, The Punter is a kid friendly restaurant with a price range of £20-25.
There is an Italian place near Ranch called Cotto. Cotto is a family friendly place that has an average customer rating.
The Taste of Cambridge pub is located in the riverside area near The Sorrento.  The restaurant is child friendly.
Browns Cambridge is known for its Italian food and high customer rating. Its price range is thirty pounds and above.
Near the Ranch is a French food themed coffee shop called the Wildwood, it costs less than £20 to go there.
A coffee shop near Café Sicilia, The Dumpling Tree is children friendly but has a high price range
The Mill is a less than £20  pub in the city centre near of The Sorrento that delivers Italian food.
Midsummer House is a French restaurant with a low customer satisfaction rating. It is located close to Café Rouge.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop providing Indian food in the £20-25 price range. It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is high.
The Fitzbillies near The Six Bells has a high price range for Italian food.
The Golden Curry is a high rated, kid-friendly  Chinese restaurant with a high customer rating.
Browns Cambridge's price range is less than £20.  The customer rating is low.
Riverside coffee shop, The Taste of Cambridge features French cuisine is family friendly and is located near the Crown Plaza Hotel
Blue Spice is a cheap and family-friendly place to eat, but is not rated well by customers. It's situated by the riverside.
restaurant Wildwood has a high customer rating and is located near Café Rouge.
Giraffe is an adults only pub, serving English food, in the city centre.
Next to The Portland Arms, Cotto coffee shop, reasonably expensive but worth the money for 5 stars
The Waterman is an Italian restaurant located in the city centre with a customer rating of 1 out of 5. They aren't child friendly and have high pricing.
Clowns coffee shop offers food and drink. It has great ratings and is located near Clare Hall.
The Waterman pub serves French food by the riverside, but has a low customer rating.
The Punter is a non kid friendly, fast food, coffee shop near, Café Sicilia, however it is priced on an average £20-25, and their customer ratings are high.
The adult pub The Giraffe serves French food in the riverside area.
There is a 5-star luxury restaurant Alimentum located beside Yippee Noodle Bar in the city centre that provides English breakfast.
Near the Yippee Noodle Bar is Alimentum which serves English food. By the riverside, it has a moderate price range and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Cocum is a mid-range Indian restaurant and coffee shop. Rated 3 out of 5, no kids.
Near to Crowne Plaza Hotel is located The Waterman. It offers French food and there is no family area.
The Waterman, is an adult restaurant serving high priced Italian food with an average rating , located in the riverside area.
Cotto is a coffee Shop, providing Japanese food, with a customer Rating 5 out of 5, with High-priced Range with kids Friendly. located near The Portland Arms
Zizzi is a pub that services Chinese cuisine. Customers have rated Zizzi 1 out of 5. Children are welcome.
Bibimbap House sells high priced Italian food. They are near Clare Hall in city centre.
If you are in the city centre looking for a moderately-priced, poorly reviewed coffee shop that offers Indian food, The Golden Palace is an option.
The Rice Boat Italian restaurant is not children friendly. It is in the riverside area near Express by Holiday Inn. The average price range is more than  £30. We have a high customer rating.
In the riverside area you will find a pub that serves Japanese food called The Mill and prices fall in the upper range of more than  E30.
The Wrestlers is a highly rated fast food restaurant offering food slightly above the average price range. It isn't considered child friendly.
There is a restaurant called The Golden Curry which is not suitable for families. It is middle-priced and located close to The Bakers.
Located on the riverfront north of the City centre, Alimentum serves reasonably-priced Italian food. It is also family friendly.
A family friendly coffee shop, The Cricketers is a 5 out of 5 rated establishment which also provides its customers with Indian food. It is also useful to note that it is located near The Portland Arms.
Zizzi is a pub that provide French food. The customer rating is low and is not family-friendly.
Zizzi is a children friendly pub that serves Chinese food with a high customer rating.
There is a restaurant called Loch Fyne that is family friendly in the mid price range.
Green Man is a pub serving fast food. It is located in the riverside area near Café Rouge.
Cocum a new opened pub with an average, high price range, and it is children friendly.
The Eagle is a coffee shop near Burger King in the center of the city that is kids friendly, it ranges from 20-25 euros for a meal. Customers rate it 3 out of 5, it serves French food.
The restaurant, The Strada is an Italian food joint that is for adults only and next to the Rainbow Vegetarian Café
For French food and drink at a middle cost, try The Punter
The Punter is a restaurant that is located in the center of the city near The Portland Arms. It is not children friendly and has prices higher than 30 euros.
Near Avalon is a riverside coffee shop with great reviews, Blue Spice which sells dishes for  £20-25
Browns Cambridge is a family-friendly, fast food and coffee shop that is has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 found in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
The Eagle is a family style coffee shop with a rating of one out of five stars in City center. near Burger King
There is a moderated priced, average-rated and kid friendly pub called Cocum
Aromi is a non family-friendly Japanese coffee shop that is  rated 5 out of 5 and located at the city centre
The Olive Grove is a children friendly place offering Japanese food. It is a pub located in city centre offering a price range of more than £30.
Zizzi is a restaurant that is in the riverside area. The price range is less than £20.
The Punter is a fast food restaurant with a price range of £20-25.
Green Man is restaurant located in the city centre. While it's not family-friendly, its prices are less than £20.
The Golden Curry offers 5 star Chinese food in a family friendly environment. It is located near Café Rouge in the centre of the city.
Loch Fyne is a fast food restaurant with a low customer rating near The Rice Boat in the city centre.
Zizzi is a pub that serves Italian food with a one star rating and lacks toilets.
The Phoenix is highly rated by customers and provides Japanese food.  Can be found in the city center
The Wrestlers has a moderate price range and serves English food. It is not kid friendly and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Phoenix is a French restaurant in the city centre.  Although their prices are cheap, they have a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Rice Boat is a one star fine wine and cheese restaurant in the low price range. It is located by Express by Holiday Inn. Public restrooms available.
Zizzi is an pub style restaurant serving Indian food. Zizzi is children friendly and has a customer 1 out of 5 customer rating.
Fitzbillies is a place with a high customer rating and is kids-friendly with a price range of £20-25 near Express by Holiday Inn
The Golden Curry has Indian food, has a average rating and is not family friendly. It is the riverside area near Café Rouge.
Travellers Rest Beefeater, located near Café Adriatic in a riverside setting, offers average rated items in the high price range.
A Fast food coffee shop called Fitzbillies is cheap and family-friendly.  It has an average rating.
Fittingly located on the waterfront, The Rice Boat serves up waterside dining.
The Cambridge Blue, near Café Brazil, is a moderately priced, fast-food pub.
The Vaults is a coffee shop near Café Brazil in the riverside area.  Its price range is less than 20 pounds and its customer rating is low.
The Twenty Two is a family-friendly Japanese food place in the heart of the city centre
Browns Cambridge is a high priced 3 star Japanese restaurant.
high scale Chinese food in an upscale part of town, near to All Bar One. high prices, high standards average customer reviews. were the Midsummer House, come join us.
Eat in Loch Fyne a restaurant kid-friendly serving Italian food
For French food in the city centre, The Olive Grove is a moderately priced pub, however is not child friendly.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is a moderately priced restaurant that is not family friendly.
Riverside has a family friendly restaurant with a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is called The Waterman and has cheap English food.
The Waterman is a higher-priced, three star restaurant near the river and Chesterton road that is family friendly.
Serving Japanese food, The Plough is a moderately priced pub located near Café Rouge.  It is not kid friendly.
In the city centre there is a children friendly coffee shop called Fitzbillies. It serves expensive Japanese food and has a customer rating of three out of five.
Midsummer House has a high customer rating with a price range of £20-25 it serves Chinese food and is located near All Bar One.
The Waterman is a moderately priced, kid-friendly Indian restaurant in the city centre, with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
With a high price range and a customer rating of 3 out of 5, Wildwood is a pub that provides Japanese food.
Located near The Portland Arms, The Dumpling Tree is a family friendly Japanese pub.
Green Man has a price range of £20-£25, is kid friendly and located by the riverside.
Blue Spice provides Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in the city centre.
There is a restaurant called The Eagle which is highly rated by customers and serves English food.
English food is served in The Green Man pub near Café Rouge at riverside.
Midsummer House is a Japanese restaurant with a 5 out of 5 rating. The food is cheap and the place is located near All Bar One.
Clowns is a pub on the riverside. It has a price range of £20-25. It has a high customer rating.
The Cambridge Blue restaurant has been rated 3 out of 5 stars. It offers wine, spirits, and appetizers.
A French place The Rice Boat, at the riverside, is child friendly and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Loch Fyne offers English food with a very good reputation. Not far away is The Rice Boat
Fitzbillies is a French styled coffee shop in the city centre, mature customers preferred and is of average costings. 3 out of 5 customers recommend this coffee shop
The Rice Boat, a  family friendly restaurant in the riverside area serves average Chinese food, if that is what you are hungry for today.
Near Yippee Noodle Bar in city centre is Alimentum for less than £20. Low customer rating.
Blue Spice offers select cheeses, fruit, and wine in a fine-dining atmosphere and is located near the river.
There is a kid friendly, fast food restaurant, near Crowne Plaza Hotel called The Waterman.
Clowns is a high priced pub eats receiving 3 out of 5 stars located riverside.
Blue Spice, a coffee shop, is family-friendly and low priced. It is located in the city centre, near Avalon. However its customer rating is low.
Ratings for restaurant Cocum is highest.
Fancy some nice eating and drinking where all the family are welcome, try The Waterman, inexpensive.
There is a child friendly French food place named The Wrestlers, it has a 3 out of 5 star customer rating. The Wrestlers is child friendly and has a high price range.
In  this  pub called  Zizzi, Indian food is on the menu.  Zizzi has  been  rated 5 out of 5 by customers, but is not a family friendly choice.
The Twenty Two has an average customer rating and a price range less than 20 pounds. It is not family-friendly and is near The Rice Boat in the city centre.
Cotto is a coffee Shop providing French food. It is located in city center near The Portland Arms. 3 out of 5 costumer rating.
Green Man is a high price, children friendly, Italian eatery. Located in the riverside area near All Bar One.
Browns Cambridge moderately priced Italian with terrible ratings.
The Olive Grove is a pub located by the riverside that provides Japanese. The price range is more than £30 but are children friendly.
A low-cost option is the Fitzbillies located next to Express by Holiday Inn.  This is not a family-friendly location.  Customers give it a 1 out of 5 stars.
The customer rating for the French food, which cost more than  £30, at Strada is low, but they do provide a children friendly place near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
The Phoenix is a Chinese restaurant in the city centre which has cheap prices and receives a customer rating of average.
The Rice Boat offers low rated French food in the riverside area. However, it is not family-friendly.
Riverside the location of  a coffee shop that is kids-friendly, serves Italian food, is called Taste of Cambridge, it's near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Customers have rated Zizzi public house 5 out of 5.  It serves British food in a family friendly environment.
There is a coffee shop called Browns Cambridge that is family friendly located near Crown Plaza Hotel.
The Rice Boat has 5 out of 5 stars and serves French food to adults in city centre.
Strada is an Italian restaurant in the high price range. It is kid friendly, located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café and has a 1 out of 5 customer rating.
Wildwood is a coffee shop providing wine and cheese in the low price range. It is located near Ranch.
On the riverside there is a kids friendly Japanese pub called The Olive Grove with and average price range
The Rice Boat is an Italian restaurant with an average rating in the riverside area, this is not a family-friendly restaurant.
The Olive Grove is a pricey pub that is family friendly and serves wine.
Aromi, at pub at Riverside is children friendly and the customer rating is high.
Near All Bar One in City Centre, the Green Man offers British food at an inexpensive price.  It's family friendly.
The Golden Curry serves fast food in the high price range, is child friendly and located near The Bakers.
A moderately priced pub in the city centre is The Olive Grove. They serve Chinese food but are not kid friendly.
There is a family-friendly place called The Rice Boat that sells Italian food. It is located in the city centre near to Express by Holiday Inn. Prices are cheap and customer rating is low.
A pub named The Cambridge Blue has moderate pricing. It is located near Café Brazil.
The Fitzbillies is a cheap Indian coffee with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 in the city centre. It is family friendly.
There is a highly priced coffee shop called Zizzi on the riverside. It is child friendly and gets a 1 out of 5 rating.
With a 3-star rating, Wildwood is a pub that offers fast food for an affordable price.
The Mill pub in the city center., is known for their fair prices.
With a 1 out of 5 star rating, Cocum coffee shop offers a family friendly environment at a high cost.
our price range is from very moderate we serve English food we are located near The Six Bells and people call us Fitzbillies
With a high customer review is a family friendly Japanese restaurant named The Golden Curry.
The Rice Boat is an Indian restaurant with an average rating from customers. It is located in the city centre and is not family friendly.
In the city center, near the Café Rouge, is The Golden Curry.  It features fast food. It is not family-friendly, and has a poor customer rating.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly, inexpensive wine and cheese shop.
Aromi is a coffee shop with low customer satisfaction by the river.
The Cricketers is a child-friendly coffee shop, serving Japanese food. It is near to The Portland Arms and has a good customer rating.
There is a fast-food restaurant called Midsummer House with a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is located near the highly-priced All Bar One.
The Rice Boat serves fast food. It is moderately priced with low customer ratings. It is located near Express by Holiday Inn in the riverside area. It is not a kid friendly establishment.
There is an expensive coffee shop in Avalon near city center. Blue Spice is kid friendly and rated at 3 out of 5 stars.
Green Man serves cheap food. It is family friendly and is located near All Bar One.
Having only one out of five stars, the moderately priced sushi bar is called Browns Cambridge.
The Rice Boat is located in the city centre. It is family-friendly, serves English food, and is rated 5 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge is a family-friendly coffee shop. They serve Japanese food and is located near the Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre area.
The Fitzbillies is a non kids friendly Indian coffee shop in  the price range of £20-25. It is located in Riverside and has high customer rating.
The restaurant Wildwood is a kid friendly place.
Cocum is a a restaurant with a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is kids friendly.
Children friendly type coffee shop, has Japanese food price range more than £30, named The Punter near Café Sicilia, customer rating 5 out of 5
The Eagle is a higher-priced one star restaurant near the river.
Browns Cambridge is a high-priced restaurant in that delivers take-away.
Alimentum serves burgers and fries just outside the city centre.
The Phoenix is a three-star restaurant that offers quality food, located not far from St John's College
The child friendly Strada, near Rainbow Vegetarian Café, offers mid range priced Italian food, and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Rice Boat serves Chinese food at a location in the Riverside area. It has a low customer rating and is family friendly.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly with a low price range of less than £20. They serve English food, but have a low customer rating.
Browns Cambridge has average prices and high customer ratings.
The Olive Grove is an English pub in the riverside area which is family friendly and in the cheap price range.
The Vaults is very expensive, but has a low customer rating. It is a pub located near Café Adriatic
The Cambridge Blue pub offers a cheap price range, serving Japanese food it resides near the Café Brazil.
There is a coffee shop Giraffe that  has an average customer rating with a price range of less than £20 and its a yes family Friendly coffee shop  near The Bakers.
There is a child-friendly coffee shop called Blue Spice that is situated by the riverside near Avalon. Their prices are over £30. Their customer ratings are 5 out of 5.
Wildwood is a Japanese pub with cost less 20; however it has average ratings.
Highly rated French food at The Rice Boat by the riverside. No Children.
If you're looking for a family friendly French meal, try The Waterman near Crown Plaza Hotel.
A moderately priced restaurant offering Japanese food is a pub restaurant, The Mill.  The Mill is located in the riverside area.
The Plough is a restaurant serving pastas and wines in the medium price range. It is located near Café Rouge.
The Rice Boat is a Japanese restaurant in the city centre with an average customer rating.  It is family-friendly.
The Punter is a coffee shop that serves Japanese food with a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is not a child friendly establishment. The Punter is located near Café Sicilia, with a £20-25 price range.
Alimentum provide premium Indian food. They are located in the city centre, near the Yippee Noodle Bar. Their rating is moderate.
Cocum is a Japanese coffee shop with a customer rating 3 out of 5.  It's not a family-friendly venue, and is moderately priced.
Near The Portland Arms in the city centre is The Punter. This is within the price range of more than £30 and is not child friendly.
A children friendly fast food coffee shop with high prices is in the city center, there customer rating is 1 out of 5 and the name is Fitzbillies.
Alimentum is a kid-friendly Chinese restaurant in Riverside that has food that costs more than £30.
A French restaurant named Loch Fyne is a great restaurant which is family friendly.
Fitzbillies is a highly rated coffee shop in the riverside area.  it is highly rated but not suitable for children.
Customers rate coffee shop Aromi's French food dining experience  5 out of 5.  Leave the kids at home and find Aromi in the riverside area.
Near The Sorrento in the city centre, Browns Cambridge is a family-friendly venue serving Japanese food
If you are a busy working person, and happen to be in city centre near the The Sorrento, stop in at Browns Cambridge for fast food and grown-up dining.
The Cambridge Blue is a restaurant with an average rating for English food.
The Cotto coffee shop serves Japanese food.  It is near the riverside near The Portland Arms. The price range is less than 20.  It has a low customer rating.
On the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine The Wrestlers serves French Food. This coffee shop is moderately priced and kid friendly.
Being children friendly and found near The Rice Boat in riverside, The Twenty Two has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 and a price range of more than 30 Euros.
Located near The Bakers is The Plough  a cheap family friendly restaurant.
The Eagle, an Italian coffee shop located in riverside near Burger King, offers a children friendly atmosphere with prices on the higher end.  The Eagle has a 1 out of 5 customer rating.
Aromi, serving French food by the riverside, has 5 out of 5 stars, is a children friendly coffee shop.
Strada is a low priced and low quality hamburger joint next to the Rainbow Vegetarian Café. Also, it is family friendly.
Giraffe restaurant is near The Six Bells and offers lower priced fare.
Midsummer House is a mixed review burger diner near All Bar One.
The Eagle is a 5 star restaurant specialising in Japanese food
The Eagle is a cheap coffee shop. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is near Burger King.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop that serves French food located in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is kid friendly with a price range of £20-25
The Rice Boat on the river at Loch Fyne serves average Italian Food.
Cocum is a low price coffee shop that is family friendly. It serves Japanese food and has an average customer rating.
A Japanese pub with a cheap price range and by the riverside is The Mill
With low-price near All Bar One its located Green Man, a fast food restaurant
Browns Cambridge restaurant has a low customer rating, 1 out of 5, and is high priced.
The Waterman is in the area of the city centre. It has a moderate price range, is kid friendly, and has a customer Rating of 1 out of 5.
Cotto is located near Café Rouge and serves French food.
The Rice Boat serves Italian in the price range of more than 30. It is located in riverside, near Express by Holiday Inn. They are not child friendly and have a high customer rating.
There is a place near The Rice Boat called Loch Fyne that serves Indian food, has a low customer rating, and is in the city centre.
Aromi is a pub in the city centre, it has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 and is family-friendly.
The Waterman serves Chinese food with price Range less than  £20 located in riverside, family friendly  mood, but with low customer Rating.
There is a cheap sushi restaurant called Fitzbillies located in The Six Bells.
There is a French coffee shop by the name of The Golden Palace in riverside. It has an average customer rating and a £20-25 price range.
Near The Bakers is a child-friendly restaurant priced over £30 called The Plough.
If you are looking for an inexpensive family friendly restaurant, The Vaults offers Italian food.
Near The Portland Arms is the cheap and family friendly The Punter.
The Golden Palace is a cheap coffee shop that offers Indian food. It is cheap, has a 5 out of 5 customer rating and is located in the riverside area.
Green Man is a fairly cheap place selling Chinese food. It is located in the riverside area near All Bar One. It is not family friendly, with a price range of less than £20.
The Vaults is a pub that costs more than 30 pounds and has a 5 out of 5 rating.  It is located near Café Adriatic.
A child friendly pub with English food is  'The Waterman'. Can be found near 'Crowne Plaza Hotel'.
Midsummer House has a great 5 out of 5 star menu that will make you want more French cousin.  Its located around the corner from Café Rouge.
The Phoenix is a restaurant providing Italian food, and the customer Rating is 5 out of 5, located in a riverside area.
The Rice Boat serves Indian food. It is cheap, has an average customer rating and allows children. It is near the city centre and Express by Holiday Inn.
A few steps of the Café Sicilia, there is a high-priced place called Clowns where children are welcome.
The Waterman around riverside get a customer ration of a 3 out of 5 and yes it is kid friendly and have moderate prices and serve Italian food
The Dumpling Tree is an expensive restaurant offering pasta.
Strada is an Italian restaurant near Rainbow Vegetarian Café. It has a low customer rating and is not family-friendly, but you can eat for less than £20.
The Golden Palace coffee shop has moderate prices and a 3 star customer rating.
Zizzi is a pub serving Japanese style food. It's child-friendly and has an excellent customer rating of 5 out of 5.
There is a restaurant,  The Rice Boat,  located riverside that serves Chinese food.   It is kid friendly and has a customer rating of 3 out of  5.
Café Sicilia is kid friendly, has Clowns and all for about £20-25.
Browns Cambridge is a one star coffee shop located on the river next to Crown Plaza Hotel.
The Golden Palace, located in riverside, is a low-rated French coffee shop where a meal can be enjoyed for less than 20 pounds.
pasta sold near the riverside Alimentum has low rating and priced too high it is near the Yippee Noodle Bar.
The Cambridge Blue is a 3 star restaurant that offers a selection of wine, spirits and appetizers.
There is a pub that serves Chinese food located in the city centre with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 called The Waterman.
The Dumpling Tree is a non-family-friendly pub serving English food near The Portland Arms.
The Punter, an adult coffee shop located near Café Sicilia, serves sushi at low prices.
The Vaults is a children friendly restaurant. Its price range is   £30.
A Chinese restaurant in city centre near Yippee Noodle Bar is Alimentum. It's customer rating is high with a price range over £30.
The Cotto serves Indian food .  It has low customer ratings but is family friendly.  It's near Ranch.
The Punter has English food and is cheap.
Loch Fyne is an expensive restaurant adequate for families.
Wildwood its a public restaurant of French food for all
The Waterman in riverside is an Italian pub  with an average customer rating
The child friendly fast food restaurant Strada has a price range more than £30 and is found near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
The fast food coffee shop, The Eagle has a moderate price range and is not child friendly. It has a customer rating of  1 out of 5 and is near Burger King in the city centre.
Near Ranch is The Cricketers, which has average customer ratings and provides a kids-friendly atmosphere within a pub.
The Giraffe coffee shop is a 3 star children friendly place, located near  The Bakers.
There is a family friendly Japanese restaurant called Loch Fyne that has meals in the 20 pound price range.
Alimentum is a low cost French restaurant. It is located near Yippee Noodle Bar on the riverside.
There is a pub near The Portland Arms called The Dumpling Tree. It offers fast food and it is children friendly.
Try Loch Fyne for an average priced family friendly Indian food restaurant.
The Rice Boat near Rainbow Vegetarian Café has an average customer rating in a lower price range.
Browns Cambridge has Chinese food that has a average rating
Fitzbillies is a family-friendly, Italian coffee shop in the city centre area with a low price range and low customer rating.
Ideally situated in the city center, The Mill pub offers moderate French food.
Alimentum is a low-priced restaurant near the river that is not for families.
The children friendly Travellers Rest Beefeater restaurant has a price range of more than £30.
The children friendly pub named Cocum has an average customer rating and a high price range.
There is an Italian restaurant, The Cambridge Blue, which has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Phoenix by the riverside serving Italian food has a moderate price range and customer rating 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a French restaurant near The Six Bells with moderate price range.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop which serves Japanese food.  It is situated near the Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre.  The customer rating is 5 out of 5.  It is family-friendly.
Fitzbillies is a child friendly coffee shop serving high price Italian food in the city centre with an average customer rating.
Located in city centre,  The Punter is a children friendly restaurant with a price range of more than £30. It is located near The Portland Arms.
Chinese food for less than £20 is served at The Rice Boat located in the riverside area near the Express by Holiday Inn. It has a low customer rating and no, it is not family friendly.
There is a coffee shop named Cocum that serves Indian food. It has an average rating, is expensive, and is kid friendly.
There is a Chinese restaurant Browns Cambridge, which is family friendly on riverside, near The Sorrento.
The Vaults is a coffee shop near Café Brazil on the riverside of Cambridge with a high customer rating and an average price range of £20-25.
The Cricketers is a kids friendly coffee shop serving Italian food. It's near The Portland Arms and is rated 3 out of 5 .
Taste of Cambridge is a family friendly fast food restaurant. It is located in riverside near the Crowne Plaza Hotel. This restaurant is has a coffee shop style setup.
The Dumpling Tree is a pub that serves Chinese food and is child friendly, is near The Portland Arms.
Midsummer House is a Fast food restaurant near Café Rouge that receives a customer Rating of 3 out of 5 stars.
The Rice Boat is a cheap Fast food restaurant located in the city centre by Express by Holiday Inn. No, it is not family-friendly, but it has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Waterman is located in the center of the city. It serves Italian food and is family-friendly. It has a cheap price range and an average customer rating.
Near The Bakers is a kid friendly, moderately priced coffee shop named the Giraffe with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Phoenix, located in city centre, is an expensive restaurant that serves English food. They received a high customer rating.
If you're near The Sorrento and in the mood for some fast food, check out the coffee shop The Mill in Riverside. The price range is cheap for the area.
Strada is a pub that provides French food with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 near Yippee Noodle Bar
Cotto is a high end five star coffee shop near The Portland Arms in the riverside area.
Aromi is located on the riverside and is a low-rated, family-friendly pub.
The Cricketers is non family-friendly pub. It has a low customer rating and is near Ranch.
The Riverside Zizzi is a coffee shop that offers average service and pricing, and is a place that your kid would not find suitable.
Browns Cambridge in the riverside area near The Sorrento, serves English food and is family friendly.
There is a coffee shop, The Eagle which offers Italian food in  £20-25. It is located near the Burger King  at riverside. Its customer rating is high although it is not friendly to children.
The Vaults is a good choice of fast food over 30 pounds, but it is not children friendly.
The five star restaurant Loch Fyne is near The Rice Boat.
The Taste of Cambridge restaurant has a low customer rating of 1 out of 5 due to a high price range.
The Waterman has English food and is located near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is kid friendly.
The Wildwood restaurant is not for the family.
Browns Cambridge offers a good deal on high quality food.
The Cambridge Blue is a moderately priced pub that serves fast food, and is located near Café Brazil.
The Plough is a high-priced, family friendly pub located near Café Rouge.
Cotto is a coffee shop with awesome French food on the city centre near to The Portland Arms
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop providing Indian food It is located in the riverside. It is near Crowne Plaza Hotel. Its customer rating is low.
Loch Fyne is a kids friendly restaurant that serves Chinese food ranging between £20-25.
There is a Japanese coffee shop called The Eagle, near the city centre Burger King. It is family-friendly but has a low customer rating and costs more than 30 pounds.
The Waterman is a cheap Japanese restaurant located in city centre and is not a family-friendly low customer rating restaurant.
Located in city centre is The Phoenix who serve Japanese. They have a price range of more than 30 and have a low customer rating.
The Phoenix provides Chinese food It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
Strada is kids-friendly, has a price range of £20-25 and is rated 3 out of 5 by customers.
The Phoenix is a high-priced English restaurant with an average customer rating located in the city centre.
Blue Spice is a one star coffee shop located near Avalon.  The prices are high.
Browns Cambridge serves Indiana food in a relaxed atmosphere, centrally located near The Sorrento.
Near Burger King on the riverside is a coffee shop called The Eagle that does Japanese food.  It has a low rating, is not child friendly and costs more than £30.
Strada is a family friendly restaurant near Rainbow Vegetarian Café which serves good food at a low price.
Loch Fyne is a high priced, child friendly, Chinese food restaurant.
The Mill is a great coffee shop that has cheap fast food near The Sorrento in the riverside area.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop providing Indian food in the high price range. It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is average.
A new restaurant, friendly with children is now open. Its name is Travellers Rest Beefeater and prices start with 30 £.
A fast food coffee shop, Cocum received an average customer rating and is fairly expensive.
Blue Spice by a riverside near Avalon, is a family Friendly coffee shop with a low customer Rating and a low price Range.
The Golden Palace is a cheap French coffee shop in the city centre with a 5 out of 5 rating.
The coffee shop Zizzi has a price range of £20-25, rating of 3 out of 5, is kids friendly, and located in the centre of the city.
The Waterman is a full service restaurant close to the Crowne Plaza Hotel. Adults only.
The Rice Boat is near Express by Holiday Inn at riverside. It provides high priced Chinese food with a high customer rating. It is not children friendly.
The Olive Grove is children friendly. They serve English food. They are located in the city centre. They are a pub. There price range is high.
If you want cheap Chinese go to Alimentum, in city centre and near Yippee Noodle Bar, it only has an average rating but it' the spot.
Cocum, is a pricey coffee shop with a 5 star rating in which families are welcome.
There is a low-priced Chinese restaurant called Strada, close to Rainbow Vegetarian Café, which is well rated and family friendly.
You can find Bibimbap House in Riverside close to Clare Hall and it is moderately priced.
Located near The Portland Arms, The Dumpling Tree pub has Fast food and is children friendly.
Cheap, 5 out of 5 coffee shop called The Eagle is not a family-friendly place but sells Italian food in the area of riverside near Burger King
Located near the Café Sicilia, The Punter coffee shop offers Indian food in the high price range. It is not children friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Golden Curry is located near The Six Bells. It is also kid friendly.
Not to be mistaken for your average pub, The Cambridge Blue is a class above the rest and offer premium menu choices for all times of the day. Located close to Café Brazil.
Zizzi is a child friendly pub that serves average Chinese food.
The Rice Boat provides Indian food and is located in riverside. Customers give it a rating of average. It is kids friendly.
In the area of riverside there is a coffee shop that is kids-friendly and serves Fast food called Taste of Cambridge near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Strada is a fast food restaurant in the low price bracket. It is near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café and not family friendly.
Located near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café, Strada offers mid-priced Italian food in a family friendly atmosphere and has a three-star customer rating.
The Phoenix near riverside is a 1 out of 5 moderate price range fast food
The Twenty Two provides Japanese food. It is located in city centre and is family-friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a child friendly Chinese restaurant in riverside, near The Sorrento.
Browns Cambridge is a three star coffee shop located in City Centre next to Crowne Plaza Hotel.
The Punter, near Café Sicilia, is a French styled, high priced coffee shop, that is not child friendly, and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Strada is a mid-priced restaurant located near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
In the city centre , near The Portland Arms, is a coffee shop that also sell Italian food. It is called Cotto and the price is moderate and their customer rating is a 1 out 5.
The Dumpling Tree is a family Friendly pub serving Italian food. Found near to The Portland Arms.
The wrestlers offers low priced sushi in a family friendly environment
A family-friendly French coffee shop, Aromi, is located in the city centre and has a low customer rating.
Located near Express by Holiday Inn, is the restaurant The Plough.  It is a family-friendly restaurant.
For French food visit Fitzbillies.  They offer a moderate price range and are located near The Six Bells.
A coffee shop called The Dumpling Tree that is child friendly sells meals for more than £30 and is based in riverside near Café Sicilia.
The Plough is a Chinese pub with average priced food near Café Rouge.
The Cambridge Blue is an average French food restaurant.
There is an average-rating pub called Zizzi which is family-friendly and serves Chinese food
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop located at the city centre. They serve Japanese food at high prices. It is not a child friendly establishment and has a customer rating of 3 out 5.
Blue Spice is a coffee shop in Riverside near Avalon, it has a customer rating of three out of five, is kid friendly and has a moderate price.
Aromi is a poor pub by the river that is not family-friendly.
Strada is a restaurant with a high customer rating which offers Fast food located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café without a kids friendly atmosphere in the price range £20-25.
The Rice Boat it is a Chinese food restaurant with a high customer rating. It location is near to riverside area. Bring your kids, and enjoy the meal.
Giraffe is a pub that serves Japanese food over by riverside.
The Alimentum in riverside serves Italian food but it is not family-friendly but the price Range is less than £20
Green Man is an inexpensive non-family friendly Indian restaurant located in Riverside near All Bar One
Fitzbillies, is a low-rated coffee shop in the city centre area.  This adult's only coffee shop serves French food for the average cost of less than £20.
Browns Cambridge,  a coffee shop,  serves Fast food and has an average customer rating. It is located in the city centre near the Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is not family-friendly.
The Vaults is a restaurant serving French cuisine.
There is a family friendly coffee shop called Browns Cambridge near the Crowne Plaza Hotel in riverside serving French food. The customer rating is typically average.
Giraffe is a coffee shop near The Bakers, priced between  £20- £25, it is kid-friendly and boasts a customer rating of 3 out of 5
The Rice Boat is a family friendly riverside restaurant, which sells Italian Food.
Clowns is a expensive pub with high ratings near the river
The Plough, a moderately-priced, kid-friendly pub, is near Café Rouge.
The Rice Boat is an English restaurant in riverside near Express by Holiday Inn. They offer excellent food at average prices. They are not family-friendly.
An Italian restaurant called The Cambridge Blue has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Waterman is located in riverside, serves French food, and it not children friendly.  It has a price range of more than £30 and has a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
In the area of city centre is The Rice Boat. It is average rated French food, and not family-friendly.
The Olive Grove is a family friendly cheap pub that serves Indian food near Riverside.
If you're looking for expensive English food near Express by Holiday Inn in the riverside area, then try The Rice Boat which is not child friendly and has a 1 out of 5 customer rating.
Riverside has a children friendly French coffee Shop called Taste of Cambridge. The shop  is near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
The Mill is a pub type Chinese place in Riverside, however prices are more than 30 pounds.
With a 1 out of 5 customer rating,  Clowns is a coffee shop located in the riverside area near Clare Hall.
The Twenty Two allows children and serves Indian food.
Wildwood is an Indian coffee shop with a moderate price range and above average customer rating of 3 out of 5 near the Ranch area.
Midsummer House has a high price range with an average customer rating. It is a fast food restaurant near All Bar One.
The Giraffe serves Japanese food, it is an adults only pub situated near the Thames.
The Phoenix serve high quality food at a low price.
Green Man is located in the city centre ear All Bar One and serves English food in the high price range and is not child friendly.
Green Man is a charming place located near All Bar One area in the city center with a friendly atmosphere, served Italian food and prices a bit high
Wildwood is a French pub with low customer rating with price range less than 20L.
If you go near Crown Plaza Hotel on the riverside, there is a coffee shop called Browns Cambridge that serves French food that 1 out of 5 people absolutely enjoy. The coffee shop is also quite family friendly
The Waterman is a mid-priced, three star wine and cheese shop.  Families are welcome to visit this establishment on the river's edge.
The Plough is a children friendly restaurant situated near the Express by Holiday Inn.
Japanese food is served at the highly-rated Browns Cambridge where the average price range is £20-25.
Alimentum sells Indian food and is in the riverside area. It has a high price range and is children friendly.
The Dumpling Tree is a children-friendly pub where is served French food. It is located a few steps of The Portland Arms.
The Cambridge Blue is a high rated Chinese food restaurant.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is a cheap and average place near Café Adriatic in riverside
Wildwood pub has a moderate price range that serves Italian food with a rating of 1 out 5.
There is a children friendly pub on the riverside named Aromi which has a 3.33 rating on a scale of 5, rated by the customers
The Wrestlers is a family friendly coffee shop in a cheap price range  near Raja Indian Cuisine
The Eagle is located in riverside, near Burger King.  it is a coffee shop which sells Japanese food for less than £20.  it is rated average by customers but isn't family-friendly
Alimentum provides Indian food in the cheap price range. It is located in the riverside. It is near Yippee Noodle Bar. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
The Waterman is less than £20 and in the city centre serving English food.
A restaurant called Strada got bad customer rating
The Cambridge Blue Pub has a moderate price range. It serves English Food, and is located near Café Brazil.
There is a coffee shop named Zizzi in riverside that has a price range of 20-25, is not kid friendly, and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
In the price range of over £30 is the Green Man, a child friendly venue in the riverside area.
Located near Café Brazil is a pub called The Cambridge Blue which serves Indian food. The average cost is less than £20.
The Rice Boat near Express by Holiday Inn in the riverside area has a price range of more than £30. It is  not children-friendly and has a low customer rating.  It serves Japanese food.
Clowns is near Clare Hall in riverside. It's a coffee shop that serves French food and has a 5 out of 5 rating.
The Golden Curry is a family friendly restaurant near The Bakers.
Famous for its Italian food is The Twenty Two. If you and your children are looking for some Italian food in the Riverside area, you should try it out.
Alimentum in the City center is serving Chinese food  in the moderate price range. It is family-friendly.
The Wrestlers Chinese food is inexpensive, fabulous customer rating of 5 out of 4, and is definitely not family friendly.
There is a moderate price range pub Wildwood that provides Chinese food with a 3 out of 5 customer rating.
A family friendly restaurant with an average customer rating is Cocum.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly Japanese restaurant. It has a three star rating and is in the mid price range.
For cheap French food go to The Waterman in the city centre. They have a 5 out of 5 rating and are not family-friendly.
The Phoenix services Italian food in the city centre and has a high customer rating and a price range of £20-25.
The Waterman is a Japanese restaurant in the city centre, customers have given it a 5 out of 5 rating, the price range is more than £30, and it is not kid-friendly.
A Fast food coffee shop near Ranch called Wildwood has a high price range and a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
There is a cheap coffee shop named Aromi next to the river in City centre.
Alimentum in the city centre provides English food. It is moderately costly and not friendly to kids.
Wildwood is a low price pub with a rating of one star.
the Italian restaurant Green Man located in the city centre close to All Bar One its expensive, with a high price range but great for family
The Waterman is a restaurant, It is not for the whole family It is near Crowne Plaza Hotel
Located in the riverside area sits Aromi, a kid friendly Italian coffee shop rated high by customers.
The Green Man is a Japanese restaurant in the city centre area. The price range is more than 20 and it is near All Bar One.
Wildwood is an Indian pub with low customer rating. It provides food for less than  £20.
The Olive Grove is a non family-friendly, cheap, fast food style pub in the city centre.
Midsummer House is located near All Bar One. Eating fast food given in average prices. The place has a very good opinions
The Rice Boat is a Express by Holiday Inn providing French food in the price range of £20-25.
The fast food serving Green Man can be found near All Bar One in the city centre. It has moderate prices and does not welcome children.
The Punter, a not too kid friendly, high customer rating coffee shop, is located near Café Sicilia. The type of food maybe fast food but the price range is l20-25.
Child unfriendly, fast food restaurant, The Golden Curry has moderate prices and is near The Bakers.
The All Bar One pub, The Green Man offers mid-priced food but does not cater to families
The Golden Curry serves Chinese and has an average price range. It is kid friendly and is near The Bakers.
With a low customer Rating, Zizzi is a child Friendly pub serving Japanese food.
The Cricketers, Family Friendly, It's a Fast Food coffee Shop, Near The Portland Arms, And a average Rating.
Bibimbap House provides Chinese food in the high price range. It is located in the city centre. It is near Clare Hall.
The customers of Alimentum have rated it low. The place is situated by the riverside near Yippee Noodle Bar. It serves French food in average price range.
There is a high rated Italian restaurant called The Cambridge Blue.
A restaurant in riverside is Zizzi and has a price range of more than £30.
The Wrestlers is not child friendly, and has a low average with a high price range.
A French food coffee shop located on Riverside is Aromi. It has a low customer rating.
Taste of Cambridge is a  restaurant  in the high price range. Its customer rating is high.
The Golden Curry is a kids Friendly French restaurant near The Bakers. they offers food in moderate price range.
In the price range of over £30 is Strada. This is a child friendly location that customers have rated as high.
The Twenty Two is a kid friendly French eatery.
Loch Fyne is an Italian family friendly restaurant.
With a 3 out of 5 customer rating, Cocum coffee shop serve French food, are not family-friendly and have a price range of £20-25.
Browns Cambridge serves cheap fast food. It is poorly rated.
The Rice Boat is a low-rated, family friendly restaurant where you can order a traditional breakfast.
In the riverside area, near Café Adriatic is the moderate priced Travellers Rest Beefeater. However, it has a low rating of 1 out of 5.
The Eagle is a family oriented coffee shop and it's affordable. It's next to Burger King.
Giraffe is a high priced child friendly coffee shop near The Bakers. It has an average customer rating.
The Cricketers is a pub near Ranch. Yes it is children friendly. It has an average customer rating.
Browns Cambridge is a Japanese coffee shop in the city centre, near Crowne Plaza Hotel.  It has a low customer rating and is not family-friendly.
Zizzi pub serves Indian food, and it's kid friendly. It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
High priced Chinese restaurant that serves adults only named Loch Fyne.
The Giraffe pub, serving French food, is located in the city centre area and is not family-friendly.
The Rice Boat is a Italian restaurant it is located near Express by Holiday Inn it is children friendly with an average customer rating the price range is high and it is located near the city centre
Along the riverside their is a pub named Aromi that is family friendly and also has a customer rating of 5 out 5.
Near Café Brazil is a pub, The Cambridge Blue, that's cheap and sells English food.
Green Man offers Chinese food in the moderate price range in the Riverside area. The venue is located near All Bar One.
The Wrestlers offers Italian food all for less than £20.
I heard of this amazing place called The Taste of Cambridge. It has amazing customer ratings for only 25 euros.
Fitzbillies has great fast food available. They are nearby the river and while it is not the cheapest the quality is not all bad.
The low rated Japanese coffee shop, Aromi, is family-friendly and located near the city centre.
The kids friendly restaurant, The Punter, has a moderate price range. Located in the riverside area near The Portland Arms.
The Golden Curry is an average French restaurant that is kid friendly. It has been rated 3 out of 5 by its customers.
A family friendly coffee shop with a price range of less than £20, Zizzi, is in the riverside area. It has a low customer rating.
For Indian food at below average prices, there is the Alimentum near to the Yippee Noodle Bar in the riverside area. However, its customer rating is low.
Alimentum is a mid priced restaurant offering Japanese food, it is family friendly. It is located close to the City Centre
Wildwood is a sushi spot and pub in the high price range.
The Twenty Two is child friendly. It is located on a riverside near The Rice Boat. The customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Cotto is a restaurant located in riverside near All Bar One. It has a price range of more than £30.
The Golden Curry is a kid-friendly restaurant located near The Bakers. It serves English food at a reasonable price of £20-25.
The Phoenix has a lo rating, but serves Japanese food.
There is a coffee shop named The Golden Palace that serves French food. they are located in city centre. with moderate price's and a 1 out of 5 rating.
Browns Cambridge is a high priced  Indian restaurant  that has only received an average customer rating,
Alimentum is a low price English food restaurant located in the riverside area with a non-family-friendly atmosphere.
By the river,is a low price Indian called The Phoenix,but it does have  bad customer ratings.
The Golden Palace, a Japanese coffee shop located in the city centre, is cheap and has a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
Midsummer House provides Chinese food that is highly rated by customers. It is located near Café Rouge.
The Rice Boat offers Chinese food in the riverside area at a high price range.  It has an average customer rating, is children friendly, and is located near the Express by Holiday Inn.
Wildwood is a coffee shop that serves French food near Ranch.  It has a low customer rating and its price ranges less than £20.
Chinese cuisine restaurant The Strada would like to welcome you and your nearest and dearest to try our fabulous food. We are fairly priced and have a moderate rating. We are near The Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
Strada is a family friendly restaurant next to Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
Cocum coffee shop high menu is children-friendly Fast food . 1 out of 5 enjoy.
Average meals less than £20 for the whole family at Blue Spice in the riverside area.
The Dumpling Tree is a Japanese restaurant with a price range of £20-£25
The Rice Boat restaurant is a family-friendly riverside dining experience serving English foods. However, it has a low customer rating.
Located near the Crowne Plaza Hotel, The Waterman offers French style dining and a child free atmosphere.
The Waterman serves Chinese food.  It is located in the city center, gets high ratings and is family friendly.
On the riverside, you'll find Fast food and pub for less than £20 at non-family-friendly establishment The Olive Grove.
Wildwood is a coffee shop serving inexpensive Italian food. It is located near Ranch and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
A low priced restaurant offering sushi is The Dumpling Tree.
The Phoenix offers low-budget restaurant meals near the city centre.
Clowns is  family-friendly with cheap prices, located near Café Sicilia.
The Eagle is an upscale coffee shop located on the river next to Burger King.
Located in city centre, The Waterman serves moderate priced French food in a not kid friendly environment. The have a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
For a moderate price range and a 1 out of 5  customer rating visit kid friendly Blue Spice in the riverside  area .
Fitzbillies is a low rated but children friendly coffee shop in riverside that offers Japanese food at a price range of more than £30.
The Plough is an Italian pub with a cheap price range near Café Rouge.
Midsummer House is a restaurant near the Café Rouge. It provides Italian food and has a high customer rating.
The Eagle is a good place to come and eat the best food looking the riverside more than £30 but a good choice
The Punter is a moderate priced coffee shop near Café Sicilia that has Japanese food but not kid friendly with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Alimentum offers French food less than £20. It is family friendly and located in riverside.
For expensive Indian food with a family friendly environment in the city centre near Express by Holiday Inn try The Rice Boat. Recent customer rating is 1 out of 5.
An average pub called Zizzi is child friendly.
Located in the riverside area, The Phoenix is a Japanese restaurant that received low customer reviews. Their prices are under £20.
Fitzbillies fall into the more than £30 price range and is located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
There is a lovely Japanese coffee shop named Cotto near The Portland Arms near the riverside with a high customer rating and an average price range.
The Waterman is a high rated restaurant tat serves Japanese food in an adult environment.  Its prices range from 20-25 pounds and is conveniently  located in the city centre,
Join us at Alimentum restaurant for some fine Italian cuisine at mid range prices. You can find us right outside City centre on the lakeside across from Yippee Noodle Bar.
The Waterman, near the centre of town, is a pub that serves poorly rated Chinese dishes.
A Children Friendly pub in Riverside called Aromi has high ratings
There is a Fast-food restaurant called Browns Cambridge that is located in the center of the city near The Sorrento that does not provide family-friendly services.
Loch Fyne Italian restaurant  that is kid friendly
Zizzi is a pub that serves Chinese food and is family friendly. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Phoenix is in the Riverside area and have an average customer rating. They serve cheap English food.
The Rice Boat is cheap family friendly place serving English food Customer rated 1 out of 5. It is located in riverside area near Express by Holiday Inn.
Cocum is a coffee shop providing Indian food in the high price range. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Near The Rice Boat sits an averagely rated Chinese restaurant known as Loch Fyne in the city centre.
Family friendly coffee shop called The Punter low priced and located near Café Sicilia near town.
Near the All Bar One is the Midsummer House.  They serve sushi and are cheap.  They have a 3 out of 5 rating.
A restaurant that is cheap is Travellers Rest Beefeater and yes, it is family friendly.
There is a restaurant that serves high priced range French food called The Dumpling Tree.
Taste of Cambridge is a coffee shop providing Indian food It is located in the riverside. It is near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Aromi is a riverside coffee shop serving 5 star Italian food
Located in city centre near Café Adriatic is the popular and highly priced Travellers Rest Beefeater.
The Rice Boat is near Express by Holiday Inn with high ratings in the city centre. Its kid friendly and priced £20-25
The Plough is situated near Café Rouge.  It is a pub serving Italian food with moderate prices.  It is not kid friendly.
Loch Fyne is an inexpensive and family friendly English restaurant.
The Cricketers is a coffee shop with French food that is not family-friendly, with a customer rating of average it is near The Portland Arms.
A children friendly pub with Chinese food named The Olive Grove is in riverside and has a high price range.
The Waterman Indian is by the riverside. It's child friendly and highly price but has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Wildwood Pub seems a little pricey for the food they are serving.
Located near The Bakers and rating 3 out of 5, Giraffe is a high priced coffee shop that is not children friendly.
Japanese food is served in The Punter, near Café Sicilia. It is a low-priced, family friendly coffee shop which has a high customer rating.
coffee shop, The Golden Palace. 5 stars, mid-level pricing. Burgers and fries, please.
Strada has a moderate price range, kid friendly service, and a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
A  high customer Rating restaurant  that  located riverside called The Golden Palace.
The Dumpling Tree is a moderately priced fast food restaurant.
Taste of Cambridge is a high-priced restaurant with customer rating 3 out of 5.
There is a cheap and family friendly Chinese restaurant in the Riverside area called The Waterman that has excellent customer rating.
There is moderate price range pub Wildwood which provides Fast food.
In the riverside area there is a fast food place called The Rice Boat.
Strada its a Italian restaurant located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café
The Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that has a medium price range and it's family friendly.
a coffee shop Zizzi located by the riverside has a high price range with an average customer rating. they are children friendly
Located in Riverside, The Mill offers both a pub and Indian cuisine.
The Eagle is a French coffee shop with is kids friendly, and is in moderate price range located near Burger King in the city centre. However, it has a customer rating of only 1 out of 5.
A kid friendly Italian coffee shop right in the city centre is Fitzbillies. The price range is between £20-25 with a high customer rating.
A Chinese food that is family friendly but has low customer ratings is called The Golden Curry.
The Phoenix is a restaurant in riverside that serves moderately priced French food. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Vaults is a family friendly establishment serving cheap, English food
The Rice Boat is a family-friendly, Japanese restaurant in the city center. Customers give it a low rating.
Cheap English food can be found at Browns Cambridge. It has average customer rating.
The Twenty Two is a children  friendly restaurant serving Chinese.
Located in the city centre near Clare Hall, Clowns offers Japanese food in a coffee shop with low customer ratings.
Bibimbap House is a high cost English restaurant by the riverside located near Clare Hall.
The Vaults is a family friendly fast food takeaway which has a price range of less than £20.
There is a place that offers French food called The Golden Curry. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5 and has a kids friendly ambient.
Near All Bar One in the riverside area, the family-friendly Italian restaurant Green Man offers food for less than 20 pounds.
The Mill is a cheap Japanese pub in the riverside area.
Cotto is a coffee shop providing Indian food in the more than £30 price range. It is located in the riverside. It is near The Portland Arms. Its customer rating is high.
Strada is located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café and has a 3 out of 5 customer rating with moderate price ranges and a kid friendly atmosphere.
A one star family friendly restaurant is The Golden Curry.
a French Blue Spice that is more than £30 founded at riverside area.
The Eagle is a Fast-food coffee shop near Burger King in the center of the city. While the shop holds an average customer rating and has a cheap price range, it is not a family-friendly place.
The Rice Boat serves Japanese food in riverside. They are not family-friendly, have a high price range, a 3 out of 5 customer rating, and are located near Express by Holiday Inn.
The Golden Curry is a sushi restaurant located near The Bakers. It offers sushi at a medium price point suitable for everyone in the family.
The Punter is a cheap restaurant that provides English cuisine.
Families are welcome at The Eagle coffee shop - great for those on a budget. Find us near The Burger King.
The Golden Curry is a highly rated, family restaurant.
Alimentum provides Indian food in the moderate price range. It is located in the riverside. It is near Yippee Noodle Bar. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
In the riverside area near Express by Holiday Inn is  the highly rated The Rice Boat.  With prices more than £30, they serve English food and are not children friendly.
Loch Fyne sells delicious meals for the whole family.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop that serves Indian food. It scores very highly with customers, is near the river and Crowne Plaza Hotel. It doesn't allow children.
Riverside offers a high quality French food restaurant near All Bar One. This child friendly restaurant is called Green Man.
The Twenty Two is a Chinese restaurant and is family friendly.
The prices at Zizzi, a coffee shop in Riverside, might be high and there customer rating is one out of 5 but they are child friendly.
Cotto is a Chinese food restaurant with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 near Ranch. It is family friendly.
The Golden Palace is a cheap coffee shop and sushi bar with a three star rating.
Giraffe is a restaurant near to The Six Bells. Its price range is between £20-£25.
Green Man, found outside of City centre, is a medium price non family friendly restaurant.
Kid friendly Loch Fyne restaurant offers moderate priced Italian cuisine.
An English,  £20 range, low customer rating restaurant  is The Waterman. This eatery is also family friendly but receives low customer ratings.
Strada is a kid friendly place for a moderate price that's rated low at 1 out of 5.
Strada is an English restaurant near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café that is not friendly to children, has a high customer rating, and has a price point of more than £30.
The Cotto coffee Shop is a low budget commerce located in The Portland Arms.
There is a family friendly Chinese restaurant with low ratings named Cotto near Ranch.
Near The Sorrento in the riverside area is Browns Cambridge which serves Italian food and is kid friendly.
The Vaults is a cheap pub near Café Adriatic. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
There is an English restaurant in the city near Express by Holiday Inn named The Rice Boat that is not children friendly with a high price range and a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is an English restaurant with one star. Mid priced and not child friendly.
Aromi is a none family-friendly coffee shop serving French food in the area riverside with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Plough is a cheap pub offering English food that is family friendly. It's located near Café Rouge.
Cocum is a child friendly coffee shop that serves Japanese food at a high price range. Cocum has a 3 out of 5 customer rating.
A highly rated restaurant, the Taste of Cambridge offers fine dining for £20 - 25.
Located near, Clare Hall in the riverside area is the, Bibimbap House, which serves English food at a moderate price range.
For moderately priced Italian food there is Cotto near the city centre, close to The Portland Arms,  which has been rated 5 out 5 by customers.
There is a mid-range pub called Wildwood that provides Italian dishes.
Strada is a cheap, non-family Chinese restaurant, located by the Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
In city centre, there is an Italian restaurant called The Rice Boat near Express by Holiday Inn. It is kids friendly and customer rate it 3 out of 5.
The Olive Grove is a non-family-friendly fast food pub in the city centre with a price range less than L20.
Located in the riverside area, Japanese restaurant Blue Spice offers moderate price dining.
The shop in the city centre called The Twenty Two speak no French.
Moderately priced Indian restaurant in the city center called The Rice Boat, situated near the Express by Holiday Inn, has low customer rating.
Alimentum is moderately priced with a low customer rating. It is located in the city centre near Yippee Noodle Bar.
The Eagle serves English food and has a 1 out of 5 customer rating.
The Punter is a coffee shop with fair customer reviews, is family friendly, in the high price range and located near Café Sicilia.
The Phoenix is a moderately priced restaurant in the riverside area serving English food. The customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Plough is a kids friendly pub, which offers Indian food within a price range of £20-25. It is located near Café Rouge.
With a high price range, The Plough is a family friendly restaurant near The Bakers
The Dumpling Tree is  a child-friendly coffee shop in the high price bracket. It is situated in the riverside area near Café Sicilia
The Strada is a moderately priced Indian restaurant located near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café. It has a 3 out of 5 customer rating and is adult only.
There is an Japanese The Eagle and they are serving Japanese tea.
There is a 5 star rated, mid priced coffee shop called Wildwood located in Ranch.
Located near Express by Holiday Inn is The Rice Boat for affordable Chinese food.
There is an averagely rated restaurant called The Rice Boat near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café. It is high in price range
The Blue Spice serves Chinese food for £20-25 in riverside.
For Japanese food try Browns Cambridge, it is reasonably priced however it has a poor customer rating.
Highly rated, The Waterman serves cheap English food in an adult friendly environment. It is located in the city centre.
Fitzbillies is a high rated coffee shop in the Riverside area that serves Indian food. The price range is £20-25 and not kid friendly.
Strada serves French food near Rainbow Vegetarian Café with low reviews and is not family-friendly for less than £20.
Cocum is an expensive coffee shop that offers fast food but is not recommended for children and is poorly rated, with only a 1 out of 5.
Family friendly Green Man serves British cuisine by the river. Families are welcome to this high end restaurant near All Bar One.
Strada is a pub serving English food. It is located near Yippee Noodle Bar, and has received a high customer rating.
The Dumpling Tree Chinese restaurant is moderately priced.
A high customer rating, Browns Cambridge has a price range of  £20-25
Travellers Rest Beefeater is a riverside restaurant with a customer rating of 3 out of 5, situated near Café Adriatic. It offers a moderately-priced menu.
The French coffee shop 'The Wrestlers' is located in the city centre, near 'Raja Indian Cuisine' with a price range of over £30. They are not children friendly.
In the city centre near to The Portland Arms, the Cotto is a French coffee shop with mid ranged price but bad customer rating.
Located in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel, Browns Cambridge is a kid friendly French coffee shop with a high customer rating.
near the Yippee Noodle Bar is a Japanese food place with one star rating and in the high price range called Alimentum
The Wrestlers, which serves French food with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 is children friendly. The price ranges more than £30.
The Eagle has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. They serve Japanese food .
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop that offers Indian food at a moderate price. It is located near the Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area and is not family friendly
An English restaurant, The Golden Curry can be found near The Bakers. It has a price range of £20-25, and a kid-friendly environment.
Near Café Rouge the Wildwood restaurant is rated 3 out of 5.
With an average customer rating, The Phoenix is a cheap Italian restaurant near the city centre.
Located inside of The Portland Arms , Cotto is a coffee shop that offers food and wine.
Giraffe is a coffee shop near The Bakers with a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is not kid friendly and is priced between 20 and 25 pounds.
Fast food, near Café Rouge can be found at Cotto.
Strada is a pub that sells French food near the Yippee Noodle Bar and has a low customer rating
Located near Yippee Noodle Bar is a mid-priced 1 star restaurant called Alimentum.
The Rice Boat, a 1 out of 5 star fast food restaurant located by the river.  Not family friendly.
Alimentum, in the city centre near Yippee Noodle Bar,  has a customer rating 5 out of 5, serving French food, and they're cheap.
The Cricketers are kids Friendly pub in higher customer Rating near Ranch
There is a coffee shop and fast food place called Fitzbillies that is very cheap, it is in Riverside and has a low customer rating.
For Italian food, try The Eagle which is rated 3 out of 5 by customers.
Blue Spice serves French food costing £20-£25, they are located on the riverside.
Cocum coffee shop is family-friendly and offers average snacks and drinks.
A child friendly restaurant with a high price range is called Clowns, which can be found near Café Sicilia.
There's a family friendly Italian food restaurant with a low customer rating near The Portland Arms  called The Cricketers
The Waterman is a kid friendly Italian restaurant. with a 1 out of 5 rating in the riverside area having a moderate price range.
In the city centre there is an Italian restaurant called The Twenty Two. It is not family-friendly.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly coffee shop in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine. They serve French food and the price ranges from £20-25.
Blue Spice located in the area Riverside are doing cheap French food.
The Waterman is a low priced family restaurant that is close to the river.
Giraffe on the riverside is a child friendly pub that does Japanese food.
located in riverside is a kid friendly establishment called Blue Spice. their price range is £20-25, and has a rating of 3 out of 5.
The Twenty Two restaurant provides Chinese cuisine and us kids friendly.
Wildwood is a coffee shop located near Ranch, serving Japanese cuisine. It has a 5 out of 5 rating with prices over £30
The city centre area is home to a high priced pub called Clowns.  This pub receives a customer rating of 3 out of 5 stars.
The place that is kids friendly in the riverside area that serves English food and has the customer rating of 3 out of 5 is The Rice Boat.
Check out Travellers Rest Beefeater for cheap prices in the riverside area near Café Adriatic. Rated average
The Vaults is a low-priced restaurant in the city centre that delivers take-away.
Clowns French coffee shop, in the riverside area, near Clare Hall has a low customer rating.
This stay-cation All Bar One is a cheap Midsummer House that has Japanese food available. Previous customers have given us a 5 out of 5 review.
The French restaurant The Golden Curry near The Bakers is children friendly but has a price range of more than £30.
In riverside area there is a 5 star rated, expensive coffee shop named Fitzbillies, that serves French food and is family friendly.
Blue Spice is located at the centre of the city and has a moderate price range.  It is not kids friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out 5.
There is a coffee shop called Fitzbillies in the city centre, it is a low rated moderately priced shop serving Italian food. Unfortunately this is not a child friendly coffee shop.
By the river is Zizzi, an expensive restaurant.
A family friendly coffee shop near Café Sicilia is The Punter.  They are cheap and are rated 1 out of 5. They serve a variety of foods.
The Eagle is a Fast food restaurant with low customer ratings.
Cotto, rated 3 out of 5 is a kids friendly, Japanese place near Ranch.
The Wrestlers is a non-kid friendly Japanese restaurant with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 with a price range of £20-25.
The Cricketers pub near Ranch is family-friendly and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Eagle is  a coffee shop in the riverside area that has a 3 out of 5 customer rating.  Although it has a higher price range,  it is children friendly, serves Japanese food and is near the Burger King.
Loch Fyne is a cheap English family friendly restaurant.
There is a Japanese coffee shop called Browns Cambridge, they have a high rating but not family-friendly in the Riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
For a nice pub meal try The Twenty Two pub near to the Café Sicilia in riverside
Taste of Cambridge is a coffee shop that serves Italian food at the riverside. It is kids-friendly and is near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Near The Portland Arms located in the riverside area, there lies the The Punter a none kids friendly environment with a moderate price range.
Fitzbillies is a restaurant that is family friendly and the prices are low.   It is near the Express by Holiday Inn.
The Rice Boat is priced less than £20. It's near Rainbow Vegetarian Café and has an average rating.
The Golden Curry is a family-friendly restaurant in the city centre near to Café Rouge that serves Japanese food and has a 5 out of 5 customer rating
Fitzbillies is an inexpensive Italian restaurant located near The Six Bells.
Clowns is a kids-friendly Italian coffee shop located in riverside near Clare Hall. 3 out of 5
The Rice Boat is a high rated average priced restaurant located near Express by Holiday Inn in the city centre. It is not child friendly.
Wildwood is located near the Ranch. The highly priced Italian coffee shop is rated 3 out of 5.
The Waterman serves mid-priced British food and is north of the city center.
Browns Cambridge is 1 star low-priced burgers that provides take-away deliveries.
The Dumpling Tree is a Japanese restaurant with a price range between 20-25 pounds.
There is a Japanese food place  The Phoenix is located in city centre with a moderate price range and a customer rating 1 out of 5.
Zizzi is a kids-friendly coffee shop with moderate prices in the riverside area with a three out of five customer rating.
The Rice Boat in Riverside situated by The Express by Holiday Inn is highly rated by its customers. Charging averages prices it is the number one place for family and friends to gather and enjoy traditional English food.
A fast food pub that is also kid friendly in the riverside area is called The Olive Grove.  They have meals in the £20-25 price range.
The Wrestlers, near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre, is a cheap Indian coffee shop its not the most family friendly.
Wildwood is a pub in the low price range with great ratings.
The kid friendly French restaurant, The Rice Boat, is located in riverside and has a 1 out of 5 customer rating.
Cotto is located near All Bar One in the city centre and the price range is more than £30.
Wildwood is a pub serving Italian food at a cheap price range. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5
The Mill coffee Shop, near The Sorrento in Cambridge, offers a low-priced menu that includes cheeses, breads and alcohol.
Strada is a medium priced and low rated restaurant. They are near Rainbow Vegetarian Café and Family Friendly.
The Twenty Two provides Chinese food It is located in the riverside.
With outstanding ratings, Strada is a cheap non friendly place.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that also serves Indian food, it's located in the city centre. While the price range is high, the customer service rating is average, it is not children friendly.
With a rating of 5 out of 5, The Eagle serves Chinese food.
The Phoenix is a cheap Japanese restaurant by the riverside with 5 out of 5 star rating.
Alimentum provides Indian food in the high price range. It is located in the city centre.
The Rice Boat, an English family-friendly restaurant, has a moderate price range for its riverside location near Express by Holiday Inn. Customer Rating: 1 out of 5
Serving English food and affording a high customer rating we have The Cambridge Blue restaurant.
new The Sorrento by the riverside, Browns Cambridge serves French cuisine and is children Friendly
There is a cheap Italian coffee shop named Cocum, with customer ratings of 5 out of 5.
I would avoid The Golden Curry. As the name suggests, it offers Indian cuisine, but it is far from golden in quality. Its in the riverside district near Café Rouge. PS: Leave the kids at home.
Cotto is a kid-friendly fast food restaurant near Ranch that is rated 1 out of 5.
While their prices are a bit high at over £30 per en tree, The Vaults is an excellent choice for authentic Japanese cuisine in a family friendly environment.
The Punter is a child friendly, French coffee shop near Café Sicilia with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 and pricing of more than £30.
The Eagle serves English food. They are customer rated 1 out of 5.
The Loch Fyne, a French restaurant, is child friendly, and prices are usually more than £30.
The Golden Curry serves fast and is considered family friendly and  they also has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge offers fast food in the low price range. It has a high rating.
Bibimbap House is a moderately priced restaurant that is close to Clare Hall.
The Phoenix Indian restaurant has a low customer rating and is located in the city centre. It's price range is less than 20.
Enjoy Italian fare at The Waterman in the riverside area.  This restaurant is kid-friendly, has average customer ratings and is in the above average price range.
The Rice Boat restaurant is located on the riverside near the Express by Holiday Inn. The restaurant serves English food and is child friendly. While the price range is more than 30 European dollars, it has a high customer rating.
A high restaurant located near the centre of the city, serves good food for all family called Aromi
A low priced coffee shop located northeast of Avalon is called The Blue Spice.  It is not family friendly and has been rated only one star.
The Eagle serves Japanese food, although it has a low customer rating.
The Blue Spice offers English food with a price range is above £30 in the riverside area.
Wildwood is an Italian pub with a moderate price range and a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
There is a low priced restaurant, The Dumpling Tree
There is an expensive, child-friendly, French restaurant called Green Man near All Bar One in Riverside.
The Twenty Two is a Chinese food restaurant located on the riverside. It is children friendly.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop on the riverside serving fast food in the moderate price range and has a customer rating 1 out of 5.
You can get Italian food in moderate price range in riverside area, near All Bar One in Green Man. It is not kids friendly place.
If you're walking by the riverside, try out The Twenty Two. Located near The Rice Boat, The Twenty Two offers a kids-free atmosphere, and the prices range from £20-25. Rated high.
There is a coffee shop called The Cricketers. They serve Indian food and have a 1 out of 5 rating. The Cricketers is kid friendly. You will find it near The Portland Arms.
Midsummer House that is near Café Rouge has a 5 out of 5 Japanese food.
Located near Café Rouge, The Plough is a high priced pub that features Chinese food and isn't family friendly.
Right off the river is a 5 star restaurant called The Phoenix.
Highly rated The Wrestlers sells Fast food at a cheap price. It is not family-friendly though.
Midsummer House near Café Rouge, offers French food rating 3 out of 5 for most customers.
Eating at The Golden Palace restaurant will cost you between £20 ad £25.
Loch Fyne is an average priced family friendly restaurant.
The Olive Grove is a pub along the riverside, it serves French food for a moderate price and is kid-Friendly.
Zizzi allows children, has a low rating and serves Indian food.
The Wrestlers is a Italian restaurant that is highly priced.  It is not a children friendly restaurant and has an average customer rating.
If you want a high rated Italian food choose The Golden Curry. It is also children friendly.
Cocum is a cheap coffee shop that serves Indian food for under £20. It is family friendly and has a low customer rating.
Zizzi is a child friendly coffee shop in the city centre.  Prices are high, and costumers rated Zizzi 3 stars out of 5.
On the riverside is a family-friendly Italian restaurant called The Twenty Two.
Blue Spice serves fast food on the riverside for a price range of £20-25.
There is a high-priced, children friendly coffee shop called Blue Spice in the riverside area near Avalon, with a  high customer rating.
Located in riverside near Clare Hall, Bibimbap House serves Italian food at a high price range.
Alimentum  if a sushi food. We have six stars. We have expensive costs. We are close to Yippee Noodle Bar at City Centre.
The Rice Boat offers Indian food at the price range of less than £20. It has a customer rating of low. It is located in the city centre. It is family friendly and it is near the Express by Holiday Inn.
The Wrestlers offers English food and is child friendly.  The price range is more than £30 but the customer rating is high.
Near Café Rouge is a pub called The Plough that provides English food with a price range of £20-25. It is kids friendly.
The Vaults is a cheap coffee shop near Café Brazil. It is in the Riverside area and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
In the city centre there is an Indian pub called The Olive Grove which is family friendly and prices less than 20.
The Dumpling Tree is a restaurant providing Chinese food in the high price range.
The Olive Grove : This child friendly pub provides  Italian dining in their riverside position , you can expect to pay above the average price for your meal here at £30 plus .
Located outside the city centre is an inexpensive pub called The Olive Grove.
The Golden Curry is a restaurant in Cambridge with family-style dining. The Golden Curry is near The Bakers. The golden Curry is low-priced and offers wine.
The Plough is a low priced family friendly pub providing eat in, take out or delivery. It is located in the Café Rouge area.
The Waterman is a average  restaurant located in the centre of the city, serves cheap food for all
The Vaults serves Italian food at low prices. Not family friendly.
The restaurant The Punter serves Italian food and charges more than 30 pounds.
Strada is a  kids friendly French restaurant near Rainbow Vegetarian Café with high rating and provides food in price range is  £20-25.
The Eagle serves Japanese food received a low rating.
Zizzi is a high price range coffee shop in the riverside area providing children friendly service with a customer rating of 1 out of 5
High end and child friendly pub, The Olive Grove, serves Japanese food in the town centre.
Looking to eat Japanese for under £20, try The Wrestlers. No children and an average rating.
The riverside Indian coffee shop near to Clare Hall is called Clowns and has an average customer rating.
Loch Fyne is an adult-only Chinese restaurant with high prices.
The Golden Curry offers French food in the average price range and is kid-friendly.  It is located near The Bakers.
Bibimbap House serves English in the city centre near Clare Hall. It has a high price range.
for some not too expensive food try the Alimentum in the city centre.
Near the Express by Holiday Inn in the riverside area, there is a high priced Chinese restaurant named The Rice Boat that is nor child friendly and rated 1 out of 5 stars by its customers.
The Mill is a pub that offers Chinese food with a price Range of £20-25 in a riverside area
The Twenty Two Is a restaurant that serves Chinese food and its kids friendly
There is a 3 star coffee shop named Cocum, which is suitable for families. It offers low-cost fast food and drinks.
The Mill offers French food at a moderate price.  Ideally, this pub is situated in the city center
Aromi is in the riverside area. It is a kids friendly pub with a rating of 1 out of 5.
The Waterman, while not family-friendly, is a 5 star restaurant, with cheap prices, English food, and a location in Riverside.
The Japanese food serving Alimentum does not welcome children. It has high prices and can be found at the riverside.
Cocum is a cheap, family-friendly, French coffee shop, with a 5 out of 5 rating.
Blue Spice is low cost and located near the river.
In city centre, near Café Brazil, lies The Vaults. It is a moderately priced coffee shop with a rating of 1 out of 5.
Bibimbap House provides Chinese food in the cheap price range. It is located in the riverside. It is near Clare Hall.
Cotto is an Italian coffee shop near The Portland Arms in the city centre with a customer rating 3 out of 5 and moderate price range.
Located at the city centre near The Portland Arms, is the moderately priced coffee shop Cotto. Serving fast food with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies, located near The Six Bells, is a reasonably priced French restaurant
Wildwood Pub offers cheap fast food and is located in the city centre.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that is located by the riverside. This is not a family-friendly venue, has a less than £20 price range and a low customer rating.
The Plough is a Pub located near Café Rouge. Its expensive. It offers American Cuisine.
Aromi coffee shop serves Indian food in the riverside area with a high customer rating and is children friendly
A coffee shop named Wildwood is a fast food restaurant that is near a Ranch.  The menu is moderately priced with a customer rating or 1 out of 5.
The Waterman is a family friendly Japanese restaurant near the Crowne Plaza Hotel.
The Rice Boat is rated high and menu prices are more £30. It is located by the Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
A restaurant in the price range of £30 or more, there is the Taste of Cambridge with low customer ratings.
The customer rating for Cocum is average, but it is a family friendly pub in the price range of less than £20.
Wildwood is a pub that provides delicious fast food in the low price range.
Kids are welcome at The Golden Curry near The Six Bells
The Wrestlers is a family-friendly restaurant with quality hot Italian food at mid-level prices.
Blue Spice is a beautiful restaurant near the riverside with price ranges less than £20 and its family friendly with an average customer rating.
Alimentum is a fast food restaurant in the city centre.  The caters  for families and they price range is less than £20.00
Strada is a children friendly fast food place to eat with a price range of more then £30  and it has a high customer rating located near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
With a rating of 1 out of 5, The Rice Boat is a children friendly Indian restaurant located in the centre of the city near Express by Holiday Inn.
The Eagle is a inexpensive venue with high ratings. It is located in city centre.
The Eagle is a low-price coffee shop located north of City centre near Burger King.
The Punter is a child friendly, Japanese coffee shop near Café Sicilia. The prices are high and it has a rating of 3 out of 5.
A French restaurant near Café Rough in city centre is The Golden Curry. It has a low customer rating and is not kid friendly.
The Plough is a pub providing French food. It is located near Café Rouge.
The non-family friendly pub, Zizzi, serves Indian food and has a 5 out of 5 rating.
The Rice Boat serves English food and is located in the riverside area.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop located in centre city that offers moderate priced Indian food .
The Golden Curry is located near the Café Rouge in the city centre. Yes it is family-friendly and serves Italian food. It has a low customer rating.
Dine on Japanese food near the riverside at the Blue Spice for a reasonable rate.
Taste of Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop. It offers Italian  food and is located in riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
The Phoenix is a riverside English food shop, rated 1 by customers.
The Mill pub and Indian food, at low prices near the central city area
A restaurant in the riverside area named Blue Spice is located near Avalon. It is not kids friendly and has a moderate price range and a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a child friendly Italian eatery. They have a customer rating of average and prices are in the high range.
The Zizzi is a kid friendly coffee shop located in the riverside area.  It has a high customer rating and falls in the £20-25 price range.
The Waterman is located near of Crown Plaza Hotel.
The Waterman is a pub that provides sushi. It is near the River.
Alimentum is an expensive Italian restaurant in riverside. They are not family-friendly.
The Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that is rated five stars and it's family friendly.
The Vaults serves Italian food at moderate prices.
In the riverside area you can find Aromi an average kid friendly coffee shop that serves Japanese food.
Cocum is a Japanese style coffee shop with high ratings and great prices - just leave the kids at home.
The kid friendly restaurant serves food for a moderate price. It is called The Golden Curry. This restaurant is located near The Bakers.
The Twenty Two is a French style family place.
It is children friendly with a 1 out of 5 rating. Aromi is a pub at a riverside.
The Mill is a pub  providing  Italian food. It is located in Riverside. The Mill have range price between £20-25.
The Plough restaurant provides cheap food and is family friendly. It is located near The Bakers.
French food at less than £20 is served at the family friendly coffee shop called The Punter.  It is found near Café Sicilia, and has been given a low rating by its customers.
There is a cheap restaurant The Phoenix located close to the center of the city that has a superb view across the rive.
The Olive Grove is a cheap, family friendly pub with Chinese food in Riverside.
If you're looking for a kid friendly Fast food restaurant with a moderate price in the city centre go to Alimentum.
In the city centre you can find a pub which serves English food called The Mill, it is quite expensive however.
There's a restaurant in the Riverside area named The Waterman. This fast food place is known for being non family-friendly and offers lower customer service.
There is a moderately-priced family friendly French restaurant called Strada. It is located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Giraffe is a pub in the riverside area that offers Italian food and is child-friendly.
Cotto provides Indian food It is near Ranch. Its customer rating is high.
In the city centre, near the Express by Holiday Inn, there is a Japanese restaurant The Rice Boat with excellent customer service, kids-friendly, and prices among £20-25.
The Wrestlers kid friendly English modestly priced  moderate customer rating.
The Mill coffee shop offers Fast-food.  It has a high price range and is located in the city centre near The Sorrento.
The Golden Curry is a family friendly Indian restaurant that has an average rating.
The Waterman is a restaurant serving French food. Customer rating is 3 out of 5. It is child-friendly. It is located in the city center. Prices are £ 20-25.
The 5 star, family-friendly coffee shop, Fitzbillies, serves Italian food for cheap prices in the Riverside area.
Browns Cambridge is a one-star restaurant that provides cheap breakfast.
Cocum is below average price. It is a pub with an average customer rating. It is not family-friendly.
There is a pub on the riverside called The Waterman which serves Fast food and has an average customer rating.
In the city centre near The Portland Arms, Cotto, a coffee shop  offers cheap Fast food. its customer rating is average.
Bibimbap House is a fast food restaurant located near The Rice Boat in the city centre
French pub style food available at The Waterman by the riverside.
There is a restaurant English with rank 1 out of 5, yes, its The Golden Curry
The Dumpling Tree is a pub serving Indian food. A family friendly restaurant near The Portland Arms.
In Riverside, there is a kid friendly restaurant named The Rice Boat that serves Indian food and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5
Alimentum is a restaurant serving Japanese food. It is affordably priced, located near the City centre, and is a family-friendly environment.
Cotto is a children friendly fast food restaurant with a high customer rating that bis near Ranch.
Alimentum is a high priced Indian restaurant with a customer rating of 1 of five.  It is located in the riverside area near Yippee Noodle Bar.
Cotto is a high priced coffee shop near The Portland Arms,  it serves French food and is located along the river with a client rating of 3 out of 5.
There is a coffee shop called Fitzbillies in the city centre that offers Indian foods with a high-priced due to its high rating.
The Mill is a pub that serves Chinese food with a moderate price range at city centre.
Located near The Sorrento, Browns Cambridge is a restaurant which offers a selection of wine, cheese, fruit, and other food. It is not a family-friendly establishment.
The Plough is a children friendly, Japanese restaurant and pub near Café Rouge. The cost is slightly above average at £30
Strada is not family-friendly with a price range of less than £20 serving French food near Rainbow Vegetarian Café with low reviews.
The Golden Curry is located in riverside near Café Rouge. it is kid friendly.
The Italian coffee shop Clowns near Clare Hall was rated average.
The child friendly pub called The Cricketers has a rating of 3 out of 5, located near Ranch
The highly customer rated, child friendly coffee shop located in Riverside near Burger King called The Eagle has great Italian food and costs more than £30.
Fitzbillies is a restaurant providing Japanese food in a low price range. It is located near The Six Bells.
Loch Fyne serves Japanese food along the riverside near The Rice Boat and has a high customer rating.
The Olive Grove is a family-friendly pub in the city centre, the price range is less than £20 and it serves Italian food.
Blue Spice specializes in fast food in Riverside, but is more expensive than the average.
Loch Fyne is a family friendly restaurant.
Blue Spice is a coffee shop to the north of the city center near Avalon. Families are welcome.
This is a cheap fast food restaurant named The Rice Boat. It is in the city centre close to Express by Holiday Inn. It is not family-friendly and a low customer rating.
The Rice Boat is situated in the city centre.  The customer rating is low.  It serves fast food.
Serving fast food, The Wildwood is a mid priced pub.
The French restaurant Loch Fyne is situated in the area by the riverside near The Rice Boat. Customers have given the overall experience 1 out of 5.
Midsummer House, situated near Café Rouge, serves Indian food and has a high customer rating.
Bibimbap House is located near The Rice Boat in riverside. It provides Chinese food.
The Mill is a restaurant near The Rice Boat located in city centre.
A moderate priced restaurant near Café Adriatic called Travellers Rest Beefeater is located in riverside and has poor customer ratings.
The Rice Boat is a highly rated place selling Chinese food. It has a price range of more than £30 yet has a very high customer rating. It is not children friendly so it's more for adults. The Rice Boat can be found in the city centre, near Express by Holiday Inn.
Located near Café Rouge, The Plough is a pub that serves Indian food at a higher than average price ranges and is not child-friendly.
A family friendly restaurant that serves Fast food is The Golden Curry.  They also have a low customer rating.
Near All Bar One, is a kid friendly restaurant named Green Man. Green Man is kid friendly with a moderate price range. It is located near the riverside.
The Waterman is expensive family friendly place. It is average rated restaurant in the riverside area.
In the riverside area is a 5 out of 5 rated cheap price range location the Travellers Rest Beefeater near Café Adriatic
The Vaults coffee shop is located near Café Brazil in the city centre. It is reasonably priced yet has a low customer rating.
Clowns is a pub in the city centre with an average rating and low prices.
The Olive Grove is a pub located in river side witch servers up French food for less than £20 per person, we are sorry that no children are welcome.
The Twenty Two serves English food. It is in the riverside area and is kid friendly.
On the riverside is The Phoenix which serves Chinese food. They have a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and have a moderate price range.
The Golden Curry is a restaurant that specializes in Italian dishes and is kid friendly all at an affordable price of 20 to 25 pounds and is located near The Bakers
The Rice Boat is a cheap restaurant with a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
The Plough is a French food house. It located near Café Rouge. The price range is high. Public like to est there. It's children friendly.
Blue Spice in the riverside area has average ratings with customers, is in the high price range and is child friendly.
Cocum pub  has a moderate price range, is kid friendly and a 1 out of 5 customer rating.
The Olive Grove is a public restaurant located in riverside area, with  high-priced Japanese food. and it's children Friendly
The Cambridge Blue is a pub that offers moderately priced fast food. It is located near Café Brazil.
Serving fast food, The Green Man pub is near Café Rouge in the riverside area
Green Man restaurant is located near All Bar One in the city centre area and serves English food. The price range is less than 20 pounds.
The Vaults is a cheap pub near Café Adriatic with a customer rating 1out5.
There's a family friendly Indian coffee shop in the city center called Fitzbillies. It is rated low by customers but is less than £20.
The Waterman offers a moderate price for their Indian food. They are kids friendly and have a ratings of 3 out of 5. It is located in the centre of the city.
Blue Spice serves Japanese food at higher-than-average prices. It's located by the riverside.
At the riverside is a family Friendly  place called The Rice Boat serving French cuisine with a customer Rating of 5 out of 5.
The Twenty Two provides Chinese food
Browns Cambridge is children friendly, offering French meals near The Sorrento, Riverside.
Cotto is near Ranch and is child-friendly. It serves Italian food and has a rating of 1 out of 5.
Blue Spice is a high-priced, family-friendly venue located in the city centre with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Blue Spice has a high customer rating and a price range between 20-25 euros located in the city and is kid friendly.
The Phoenix is an Indian food shop, The price range is moderate. Customer Rating is bad 1 out of 5. It is located in the city centre.
The Waterman has a low customer rating for Japanese food. You'll pay more than £30. Child friendly and located in the city centre.
Cotto is an expensive five star coffee shop in City centre.  It is located by The Portland Arms.
Aromi is a coffee shop that servers Indian food. It's customer rating is 1 out of 5. It is located by the riverside. Yes it is children friendly.
The Waterman is a child friendly place to get Japanese food near Crown Plaza Hotel.
if you are looking for a moderately priced place which is not child friendly in the city centre with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 there is  The Waterman which sells Italian food
In riverside there is a kids friendly restaurant called The Olive Grove
The Golden Curry is a French food restaurant, located near Café Rouge in the center of the city. It is not family-friendly, however the customer rating is a perfect 5 out of 5.
Alimentum is an Italian restaurant located along the river. They are family-friendly and food ranges less than £20.
There is a pub called Giraffe in the riverside area that serves English food and is child friendly.
There is a cheap Chinese food restaurant Strada rated 5 out of 5 that is family friendly near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
There is a Italian coffee Shop near Café Sicilia called The Punter with an adult friendly atmosphere and a high price cost. Customer ratings for this location are average.
By Café Sicilia is a coffee shop named The Punter.  It is expensive, family-friendly, and as a three star customer rating.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop serving fast food. It's located by the river and is a bit high priced but is child friendly with high customer ratings.
The Mill serves Japanese food. It is a pub on the riverside and the price range is less than 20.
The Golden Curry is an Italian restaurant that is kid friendly and located near The Bakers and is in the price range from 20 to 25 pounds
Clowns is a medium-priced restaurant located near the Café Sicilia in Cambridge. It is not suitable for families with small children.
The Mill coffee shop has a moderate price Range serving  Italian food in the riverside area near The Sorrento.
The Waterman provides Indian food in the cheap price range. It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is average.
Located in the riverside area, with a 5 out of 5 customer rating, Zizzi is a cheap, family friendly coffee shop.
The Eagle is a coffee shop in Riverside, near the Burger Kings, that offers low pricing for less than superior service.
Cheap Italian food, Blue Spice located in Riverside area.
Zizzi is a family-friendly Italian pub, with a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
With a 1 out of 5 customer rating, the coffee shop Browns Cambridge offers Indian food in the riverside area. It is a children-friendly establishment near to the Crowne Plaza Hotel.
The Wrestlers provides cheap Chinese food rated 5 out of 5 with a family friendly atmosphere.
An Italian restaurant 'The Wrestlers' with an average price range of £20 isn't family-friendly and has a low customer rating.
The Travellers Rest Beefeater is a child friendly restaurant with a price range over £30.
If you want an Italian venue that is children friendly choose Strada. It is near Rainbow Vegetarian Café and doesn't cost more than £30.
The Loch Fyne is a cheap non family friendly fast food restaurant.
Low cost Japanese food is available in the riverside area near to All Bar One at The Green Man. Families are welcome there.
There is a pub called Cocum thats price range is high but the customer rating makes up for it.
The Rice Boat in Riverside is close by The Express by Holiday Inn. Customer reviews are average, yet it offers affordable French food for all the family.
The Plough is a Café Rouge for family. It's located south city.
Blue Spice is a great coffee shop for adults.  Customers rate it 5 out of 5 and it has very low prices.  It is riverside near Avalon.
The Eagle, located in the city centre near Burger King, is a not kid-friendly coffee shop serving Japanese food in the £20-£25 price range.
Strada is a restaurant that has a high customer rating.
There is a cheap restaurant in the riverside area near Café Adriatic rated 5 out of 5 called Travellers Rest Beefeater.
The Rice Boat is cheaply priced and allows children. It serves Indian food, has an average rating. It is near the city centre and Express by Holiday Inn.
The coffee Shop, Giraffe, near The Bakers is expensive and not child friendly. It was a good experience
The Golden Curry is a non-family friendly Chinese restaurant in the city centre near Café Rouge. It gets a rating of 5 out of 5.
In the riverside area is a an Indian pub with a cheap price range called The Mill.
Poorly recommended Wildwood pub serves low cost French food in the city centre.
The Golden Curry is a family friendly restaurant serving English food. It can be found in the riverside area,  near to Café Rouge it has a low customer Rating.
There is a 3 out of 5 rating venue with a moderate price range near The Rice Boat named The Twenty Two. It is near The Rice Boat and is kid friendly.
you can eat a food that the name is The Cambridge Blue and near Café Brazil.
The Wrestlers is a kid friendly restaurant.  It is in the high price range.
Strada is a pub located near of Yippee Noodle Bar.
The Twenty Two is a French restaurant in riverside. They aren't family-friendly.
In the Riverside area is where The Eagle is located, it is rated 5 out of 5 and the price range is more then £30.
The Phoenix serves low cost Italian food in the riverside area. It has a one star customer rating.
Serving fast food at a cheap price in the city centre, Cotto is a coffee shop with an average rating located near The Portland Arms.
the place is Green Man, it is a sort of pub that offers Chinese food. It is located in city centre near Café Rouge.
Loch Fyne is a great place to go for Chinese food in the riverside area. It is highly rated by customers. It's location is near The Rice Boat.
An Italian restaurant named the The Cricketers is located near All Bar One.
There is a low rated kid friendly English place near Café Rouge in riverside.  It is named The Golden Curry,
Near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café, there's The Rice Boat.  It has a low customer rating and the price range is less than  £20.
Midsummer House is an English food house located near All Bar One.  Price range is high there. Customer rated it 1 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a moderately priced coffee shop that serves Italian food. It is located in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine. Great place to bring your family.
There is a mid-priced pub The Plough located near Café Rouge offering Italian food and is family friendly.
Wildwood is a pub with cheap prices that are often less than £20.  It offers Italian food.  There have been some reports of bad service.
Bibimbap House serves Japanese food that is less than 20 and is located near Clare Hall at the city centre.
The Phoenix is a cheap place to eat on the north side of town.
The Eagle is a highly rated French cuisine venue.
The Waterman provides Indian food in the high price range. It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is average.
Giraffe is an Italian pub that specializes in spaghetti and spirits. Only those above the legal drinking age are allowed to enter.
The Wrestlers coffee shop serves fast food is located near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre.  It is family-friendly and has a price range less than 20 pounds.
Alimentum is located in the riverside area and a family friendly fast food place with a price range less than £20.
Loch Fyne is an English restaurant.
The Vaults is a cheap coffee shop with a 5 out of 5 rating near Café Brazil on the riverside,
The Golden Curry offers great Chinese food in a family-friendly environment in the riverside area not far from Café Rouge.
Although the coffee shop Zizzi in the city center area has a price range of less than 20 pounds it received a low customer rating and is not family-friendly.
An Italian pub  is Green Man, near Café Rouge, located at the riverside.
in the city centre there is a Italian food place which is not child friendly called The Waterman which is moderately priced and has a rating of 3 out of 5
The Rice Boat is a fast food restaurant that is near Express by Holiday Inn in the city centre.  Prices are cheap, received an average customer rating and is not family-friendly.
The customer rating average on the English food served at The Eagle.
The Plough is a restaurant that is near Express by Holiday Inn. It is kids friendly
Browns Cambridge is a low-priced fast food restaurant with a five-star rating.
Bibimbap House is an Italian restaurant near The Rice Boat in the riverside area.
Blue Spice is a child friendly coffee shop on the riverside.  It can be found near to Avalon.  The price range is moderate, less than £20 and it has an average customer rating.
The Golden Curry is a family friendly French restaurant with a rating of 5 out of 5.
There is a cheap Italian food place in the city centre, The Phoenix. It is poorly rated.
Midsummer House near Café Rouge is a highly rated restaurant serving English food.
The Waterman serves cheap Indian food. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 but is not family friendly. It is located on the riverside.
With a customer rating of 3 out of 5, Strada is moderately priced and kids friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a kids-friendly that provide English food near The Sorrento in the riverside area
French coffee shop located near Café Sicilia called The Punter. Affordable price range, less than  £20 and child friendly.
Green Man is a restaurant in city centre.
Alimentum serves cheap Indian food and is located near Yippee Noodle Bar in the riverside area. It has a low customer rating.
full meals and family friendly with a view of the river Aromi a 5 star coffee shop.
The Cricketers is a children friendly coffee shop serving Fast food near The Portland Arms.  Customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Clowns in the riverside area is a cheap pub with an average customer rating.
In the riverside ares with price range £20-25 Blue Spice serves English food.
Located in  the center of the city, near Crowne Plaza Hotel,  Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop that serves Indian food. It is not family friendly, and it's average rating by customers is low.
The Rice Boat serves moderately priced Italian food near Express by Holiday Inn by the river. It is family friendly and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
On the riverside is the Alimentum which serves Indian food. The price range is less than £20 and they are family friendly.
Strada is located next to Rainbow Vegetarian Café, for all your eating needs.
Taste of Cambridge at riverside near Crown Plaza Hotel is a coffee shop that is children friendly and serves French food.
The Waterman is family friendly French  style food near Crown Plaza Hotel.
The Waterman is a children-friendly restaurant where is served Japanese food located near the Crown Plaza Hotel.
For expensive sushi, try 3-star rated Wildwood coffee shop near Ranch.
The Cambridge Blue is a French pub with prices more than £30. They are near Café Brazil.
Browns Cambridge serves French food for more than £30, and its customer rating is low.
There is a moderate priced English styled pub called Wildwood that has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Dumpling Tree is a family friendly Japanese pub located near The Portland Arms.
In the city center. area is where the pub, The Mill is the prices are very reasonable.
Next to The Bakers is The Golden Curry which is a low priced hamburger joint that is not family friendly.
A Chinese restaurant with a less than 20 dollar price is The Dumpling Tree.
Strada is an upscale breakfast venue offering traditional English meals. It is located near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
An English restaurant that is moderately priced but are not child friendly is Loch Fyne
Cotto is located near Ranch, offers English food and is child friendly.
An average rated, not child friendly coffee shop called The Eagle is priced high. It is near Burger King, serves Japanese food and is by the riverside.
An average rated, family-friendly, Italian restaurant, The Golden Curry is in the city centre, near Café Rouge.
Cocum is a restaurant that's friendly for children with average reviews.
Alimentum is a fair-priced venue located on the outskirts of the city.
Strada is a moderate priced, kid friendly, Japanese restaurant near Rainbow Vegetarian Café, with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
A family-friendly pub with an average customer rating is Aromi in the city centre.
Green Man. which is situated in the city centre near All Bar One, is a family-friendly restaurant that serves English food that cost less than £20.
There is a English food place called The Phoenix with a moderate price range. It is in the riverside area and has a 3 out of 5 customer rating.
In the city centre, near to Avalon is located a coffee shop named Blue Spice with children area. It has low customer rating and a price range more than £30.
Highly rated sushi at The Cambridge Blue restaurant
There is a moderated priced, average-rated and kid friendly pub called Cocum
Cotto is a coffee shop that sells Italian food for cheap. It is located in the city centre near The Portland Arms.
There is a family friendly coffee shop near Burger King called The Eagle. It has a one-star rating and is inexpensive.
Cocum is a coffee  shop serving Japanese food. It is family friendly, has an average rating of 3 out of 5 and has a high price range.
The Golden Palace restaurant, Average customer rating in the city centre
The Phoenix is an Italian restaurant that is 3-star and located north of the city centre
The Phoenix is a restaurant down the riverside has moderate price range and low customer rating.
The expensive Japanese restaurant, The Rice Boat, is located near the Express by Holiday Inn and offers an adult high-end environment.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Indian food in the cheap price range. It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is average.
Loch Fyne serves Chinese food. It is located on the riverside near The Rice Boat. It has an average customer rating.
Fitzbillies near Express by Holiday Inn has a high customer rating with a price range of more than £30. It's children friendly.
Wildwood serves coffee and traditional Japanese food in the low price range. It is rated five stars and is near Ranch.
Cotto is a coffee shop serving Japanese food in the city centre neat The Portland Arms. The price range is moderate and has a customer rating of one out of five.
There is a child friendly average rated fast food place in the city center. The Rice Boat has a high price range and is near Express by Holiday Inn.
Browns Cambridge is a moderately priced French restaurant with a rating of 1 out of 5.
Zizzi is a family friendly restaurant providing take-away deliveries and has mostly good reviews.
Strada provides kids friendly English food with moderate price  near Rainbow Vegetarian Café. It has customer rating 5 out of 5.
Green Man is a mid-priced family restaurant, located near All Bar One.
Expensive Chinese food can be obtained from a child friendly place named The Vaults.
Green Man is a moderately priced Chinese food place in Riverside near All Bar One, not a kid friendly activity.
The Wrestlers in a non-family-friendly English restaurant. It is low-priced and has average customer ratings.
The Waterman is a restaurant providing French food less than £20 price range. The Waterman is  located in the city centre.
The kids-Friendly pub, The Olive Grove, serves Japanese food and is near riverside. It has a price range of E20-25.
Cotto is a low customer rated fast food restaurant. It is kid friendly and is located near Ranch.
At Blue Spice, typical American fare is offered in a fine-dining environment.
Strada is a fabulous sushi restaurant. Suitable for families and with very low prices to match. It is located near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café
Come visit Fitzbillies. Our new Italian restaurant located near The Six Bells, with prices starting at 30.
The Golden Palace is an Italian coffee shop located in the city centre. Customers rate it 5 out of 5.
The Golden Curry is an affordable Asian restaurant located near The Bakers that is not where you bring the whole family.
The Golden Curry is a restaurant in the city centre. It is family friendly.
The Waterman pub serves fast food near city center with low customer ratings.
The Cricketers is a coffee shop near The Portland Arms. The are highly rated and family friendly.
Alimentum has been given an average customer rating serving English food in the higher price range, it is located centrally in the city near Yippee Noodle Bar.
There is a cheap restaurant The Phoenix located in the city.
The Phoenix serves French food that costs less than £20 and is located in the city center.
The Waterman is a beautiful Japanese restaurant set in the Riverside area of Cambridge.  The Waterman offers cheap priced, family friendly dining which is rated 5 out of 5 by its customers.
The Cricketers is a coffee shop that serves French food. It is situated near The Portland Arms and is child-friendly but, it has a poor customer rating of 1 out of 5.
There is a  5 star restaurant that serves Fast food called The Cambridge Blue.
The Phoenix Is a Chinese restaurant with a moderate price range. It has a 1 out of 5 customer rating.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Indian food in the high price range. It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is average.
Italian coffee shop, 'The Eagle', is located in the city center near Burger King. The customer reviews are not great but the prices are reasonable and it has a child-friendly environment.
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing Indian food in the moderate price range. It is located in the city centre. It is near Burger King. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Olive Grove is not a kid friendly place, but it is an Indian pub with a moderate price with located in the city centre.
Fitzbillies is a child friendly coffee shop. They offer French food and are located in the city centre. The customer ratings are low and the price range is more than £30.
For a fast food. restaurant with below average prices, try The Dumpling Tree
Customers rate this kid -friendly pub, Strada, as high and the price range is E20-25.
Wildwood is a local pub just on the outside of Cambridge we serve a variety of food very cheap we also have a 1 star rating
The Punter is a coffee shop providing Indian food in the less than £20 price range. It is near Café Sicilia. Its customer rating is low.
In the center of the city, with a high customer rating, The Phoenix serves fast food.
The Golden Curry is a not family friendly Indian food restaurant with a low satisfaction rating.
Blue Spice is a none children friendly place price ranging more than £30 plus a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is located in the city centre.
There is a restaurant call The Plough located by Express by Holiday Inn that offers a kid friendly atmosphere.
Clowns coffee shop offers budget meals near Clare Hall by the City centre
Alimentum is a family friendly place near the river, which serves Japanese food for less than £20.
Zizzi is a coffee shop that is kid friendly with a moderate price range in city centre with low reviews.
Don't go to Blue Spice near Avalon at the riverside. It's an expensive coffee shop rated 1 out of 5, though it is family friendly.
Alimentum is a family-friendly restaurant that serves English food. This is a child friendly restaurant with a price range of less than £20, it is located in the city centre.
There is a cheap, family friendly pub near the city centre called The Olive Grove.
Strada is a pub that serves Chinese . its customer rating is 3 out of 5.  it is near Yippee Noodle Bar
The Eagle serves cheap fast food.  Located near the Burger King, it is not family-friendly.  Great rating of 5 out of 5.
Midsummer House is a cheap sushi restaurant near All Bar One.
The Olive Grove is a low-priced restaurant in the city centre that delivers take-away.
The Punter is cheap priced family-Friendly Italian food coffee shop rated 5 out of 5 close to Café Sicilia.
A wonderful Fast food restaurant in riverside, Bibimbap House, ranges high in pricing and is located near Clare Hall.
Blue Spice is a high-priced coffee shop near Avalon in Riverside. It is children friendly and has an average rating.
the Loch Fyne is a restaurant with a moderate price Range serving French food and is also kids Friendly
Cocum is a pub that is children Friendly, meals would be more than £30 and it has a low customer Rating
The Golden Curry, situated in the city centre near the Café Rouge is an average rated restaurant thats serves Italian food.
The Eagle serves Italian food and is rated 3 out of 5.
The Waterman is a Wine, Cheese and Olive restaurant located by the Riverside. It provides low quality food for a low price and is not family friendly.
Although the price range at The Wrestlers is said to be high, it merely gets an average customer rating. It is child friendly and serves Indian food.
For a moderately priced restaurant try Giraffe, located near The Six Bells.
The Rice boat is placed on riverside area. It is children friendly place serves Japanese food.  Customers rate The Rice Boat low.
Family friendly Browns Cambridge, serves Italian food and is near The Sorrento in the riverside area.
A 5 out of 5 rated restaurant in the riverside area with prices above £30 and isn't child friendly is called Blue Spice.
Bibimbap House provides for less than £20 English food is near Clare Hall in the city centre.
Clowns is a restaurant found near The Portland Arms.
There is a coffee shop called Aromi providing Indian food located in the riverside area and it has average customer rating but it is not family friendly.
The pub, The Plough has French food. The price range is cheap, family friendly and is located near Café Rouge.
The Olive Grove, a kids Friendly pub near riverside, serves Japanese food.  Orders fall in the price range of E20-25.
Fitzbillies provides Indian food in the high price range. It is near The Six Bells.
The Waterman is an averagely rated adults only serving mid-range priced Italian food, sited near the Thames.
Located near The Portland Arms, The Cricketers is a coffee shop with 3 out of 5 customer rating.  It is child friendly.
The Rice Boat serves English food in the city centre near Express by Holiday Inn is high priced average rating family-friendly
Fitzbillies, a one-star coffee shop, serves food and spirits in a family friendly environment for reasonable prices.
There is a pub called The Cricketers near Ranch that has high customer ratings and is kid friendly.
For £20-25, you can go to The Cambridge Blue, a Japanese pub near Café Brazil.
Just outside City centre, near Clare Hall, is a low priced coffee shop called Clowns.
Taste of Cambridge is a riverside coffee shop by Crown Plaza Hotel that serves Japanese food. It is children friendly.
The Cambridge Blue is a cheap Indian pub located near Café Brazil.
Their is a children friendly high priced Japanese  restaurant called the Green Man. It is located near All Bar One in riverside.
Loch Fyne is a restaurant that offers French food and is family friendly.
The Olive Grove is a cheap family friendly pub offering fast food in the riverside area.
The Mill is a coffee shop serving fast food with a price range of more than £30,  in the riverside area, near The Sorrento.
In the centre of the city near All Bar One is Green Man. It serves French food with a price range of more than  £30 and children are allowed.
The Phoenix by the riverside has Italian food for moderate prices and a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop with French food near Crown Plaza Hotel in the riverside area. It is child-friendly with a low customer rating.
There is a low rated restaurant in riverside called The Rice Boat. It is a family friendly restaurant serving Italian food.
If you are looking for Italian food seek no further then the child friendly restaurant, The Twenty Two.
The Waterman is a city centre English restaurant with a high price range and average customer rating. It is child friendly.
The Waterman is a kid friendly Chinese restaurant that has a low customer rating and in the city centre. The price is moderate.
Loch Fyne is a low rated Japanese food place near The Rice Boat in riverside.
There is an expensive, one-star pub called Wildwood which serves traditional British Cuisine.
Specializing in French food, The Golden Palace is moderately priced and has an average customer rating.  It is a casual coffee shop located in the center of the city.
The Golden Palace along the riverside and near Rainbow Vegetarian Café is an inexpensive pub.
The Eagle is a coffee shop that serves French food for a low price. It is not family-friendly and has a low customer rating. It is located in the city centre near Burger King.
The Eagle is located at the city centre. It is high priced, but boasts a high customer approval rating.
The Plough is a pub with Italian food located near Café Rouge. It has a high price range and is not child friendly.
There is a coffee shop near The Portland Arms.  It offers family-friendly Italian food with a 3 out of 5 rating, and is called The Cricketers.
With a customer rating of 3 out of 5, The Rice Boat is an Italian kid-friendly restaurant in the Riverside area.
The Eagle is a coffee shop made Japanese food near from Burger King at city centre
There is a cheap restaurant named Travellers Rest Beefeater that is rated 5 out of 5, located near riverside and Café Adriatic.
The Waterman, a child friendly restaurant in city centre has a high customer rating and a higher price range.
On the riverside there is a Indian restaurant called  The Waterman, it is high in cost and average customer service, but yes it's for kids.
The Cambridge Blue is a restaurant that provides Chinese food Its customer rating is high.
Giraffe is a child-friendly Italian pub in the riverside area.
On the riverside there is a child friendly pub named Aromi with 1 out of 5 ratings.
The Strada is a moderately priced, Japanese restaurant located near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café. It has a low customer rating and is not child friendly.
The Waterman is ranked well around the area and features nightlife events, no kids and or baby strollers allowed
The Phoenix, which serves cheap Indian food, has an average customer rating and is located in the city centre.
The Alimentum is a fast food restaurant that only cost £20 is family friendly and is located conveniently in the riverside area
Fitzbillies is a cheap sushi restaurant near The Six Bells
The Cambridge Blue is a Chinese restaurant with an average customer rating.
A restaurant in the average price range located near the riverside area that has been rated average by customers is called The Eagle.
The Cambridge Blue is a fast food restaurant with low customer ratings.
The Wrestlers is a family-friendly coffee shop offering Italian food at reasonable prices, it is located near the Raja Indian Cuisine, Luton.
Green Man, near All Bar One serves Chinese food in the Riverside Area. You can expect to pay £20-25 and children are welcome.
Near the riverside Crowne Plaza Hotel there is a low rated French coffee shop called Browns Cambridge.  It isn't family-friendly.
Fitzbillies is a moderately priced coffee shop that serves Japanese cuisine in the area of riverside. This is not a kid friendly establishment and the customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Aromi is a family-friendly coffee shop with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 located in the city centre.
With a 5 out of 5 customer rating, The Golden Curry is a great option for Indian food in the city centre area near Café Rouge. It is NOT family friendly.
There is a five-star restaurant named The Eagle.
The Golden Curry located in the city centre near Café Rouge offers Indian food, but they are not family friendly and has only an average ratings from their customer.
There  is a kid friendly restaurant called The Twenty Two that serves Japanese food.
A pub named Clowns is located in the city center and it is rated low, but is priced averagely.
Zizzi is a coffee shop in the riverside district. Children are welcome, and its prices are moderate. However, customer ratings hold it at 3 out of 5.
The Rice Boat is an Italian eatery in the city centre.  Their price range is high, their customer rating is average and they are not children friendly.  However, they are near to the Express by Holiday Inn.
The Mill is coffee shop that offers Indian food, but with high prices. It is located near The Sorrento at the riverside.
The Waterman is a kid friendly English restaurant. It is located on a riverside. They have a moderate price range and have a 3 out of 5 star rating.
The Dumpling Tree is a family friendly pub located near The Portland Arms serving delicious Italian food.
With a customer rating of 5 out of 5 but being non family-friendly and priced more than 30, Strada is located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
The pub, Cocum, is average with prices less than 20 and is family friendly.
One option is Strada. It has low fares of less than 20. However its customer ratings are low.
The Golden Curry serves Chinese food with a high customer rating and is children friendly
The Mill is a pub restaurant offering Japanese food.  It is located in the riverside area and is moderately priced.
In the riverside area is a restaurant with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 called The Golden Palace.
The Rice Boat is a restaurant providing food in the low price range. It is located near Express by Holiday Inn.
The Eagle has a price range that is less than £20 and a low customer rating. It is located in Riverside.
Alimentum is near Yippee Noodle Bar and has a moderate price range. It has a low rating and serves Chinese food.
coffee shop selling Japanese food located in the city centre. The Golden Palace has an average price with a customer rating 3 out of 5.
The Golden Curry is near The Six Bells and has children friendly service.
The Plough is a family friendly restaurant ranging from 20-25 typically. They're located near The Bakers.
Close to Yippee Noodle Bar in the city centre a French restaurant, Alimentum, has low ratings but the price is less that 20lb.
Low cost  Indian restaurant called The Dumpling Tree.
The Green Man is a cheap riverside bar. It's not family friendly. It is near All Bar One.
There is a child friendly restaurant that serves Japanese food called The Waterman near the Crowne Plaza Hotel
With a high price range and an average customer rating you'll find that The Wrestlers is not children friendly and serves Italian food.
Browns Cambridge is a low priced restaurant that offers a variety of food and drinks.
Located near Café Adriatic, a new pub called The Vaults has opened with average prices.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop  which provides Indian food at £20-25. Located by the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine, it is ideal for children
Green Man is near All Bar One in the city center that serves Japanese food. It is a bit more pricey, but it is kid friendly.
The Dumpling Tree is a moderately-priced local restaurant serving traditional English food
Located in the city center, Blue Spice has is rated 3 out of 5 by customers.  While the price range is average, Blue Spice offers an adult atmosphere.
Alimentum offers Indian eating for under £20 in the riverside area. It's not suitable for children.
Cocum is a coffee shop that provides fast food in the cheap price range. It has a customer rating 5 out of 5 and is not family-friendly.
The Golden Curry has a high customer rating of 5 out of 5 is located near Café Rouge and by a riverside. It serves Chinese food and is considered family friendly.
The family friendly restaurant The Waterman serves fast food for less than  £20, however, it has a low customer rating. It is located in Riverside.
Near Café Brazil there is a pub Called The Cambridge Blue. Its provides Indian food but it has a high price range.
The Cricketers is a coffee shop, located near The Portland Arms.
Blue Spice has been rated 5 out of 5 by customers, and is children friendly. It is located in the city centre and its price range is more than £30.
Midsummer House is a higher priced sushi restaurant near the All Bar One.
The Golden Curry is a moderate price range  restaurant  near The Bakers.
There is a Japanese highly-rated, child friendly, coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel named Browns Cambridge. In the Riverside.
A cheap, family-friendly restaurant is Travellers Rest Beefeater.
Loch Fyne is a five-star Sushi restaurant located on the river next to The Rice Boat.
The Vaults is an expensive child friendly Indian restaurant.
There is an Italian restaurant named The Vaults. It is family friendly and price per meal is less than £20.
A child friendly French restaurant called The Golden Curry is low in the ratings
The  Cotto a coffee shop serves Fast food and is near The Portland Arms in the city centre
Clowns is a moderately rated coffee shop serving fast food near Clare Hall.
Close to Café Rouge is an okay French place called Midsummer House.
Near Rainbow Vegetarian Café there is a moderately priced fast food restaurant called Strada. It is family-friendly and has a customer rating of five out of five.
Taste of Cambridge is a low-price restaurant, but has low customer ratings.
Browns Cambridge, located in the riverside near The Sorrento, is a family friendly restaurant that serves English food.
Giraffe is a kid friendly pub located in riverside that serves English food.
At the end if the city is a low priced restaurant located beside All Bar One called Green Man that is family friendly.
There is a pub called Strada; it is located near the Yippee Noodle Bar. It offers French food and often gets wonderful customer reviews.
The Dumpling Tree is not considered to be a family-friendly coffee shop.  The average price is less than £20 and you can find it in the city centre near Café Sicilia.
Fitzbillies serves cheap fast food in a family friendly coffee shop environment in the city centre although it has only been rated with one star.
The fast food coffee shop called The Eagle located in riverside near Burger King is not family-friendly but is cheap and has a average customer rating.
The Cricketers is a child-friendly Japanese coffee shop.  They are located near The Portland Arms, and have a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Taste of Cambridge is a cheap restaurant that is given an average rating by its customers.
Bibimbap House is a moderately priced English restaurant by the riverside near Clare Hall.
Alimentum is an Indian restaurant in the high price range located in the riverside area. It is not children friendly.
The Wrestlers is a restaurant providing Indian food in the high price ranges. Please keep in mind that the average price range for a place to eat Indian food is £30. The Wrestlers has a high customer rating restaurant with no children allowed.
Near Crowne Plaza Hotel is a place called The Waterman with English food and family friendly.
Browns Cambridge is near The Sorrento at the riverside, it is kid friendly and serves Japanese food.
Alimentum offers English food at a moderate price. It is located in the city centre. It's not friendly to children.
The Eagle coffee shop that is less than 20 pounds and has an average customer rating and is family-friendly.  They serve Japanese food near the center of the city and also near the Burger King.
The Fitzbillies is an Indian coffee shop with a moderate price range and a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is kid friendly and in the city centre.
The Wrestlers is a takeaway restaurant, but although it is cheep the quality is quite poor.
Aromi is a family-friendly French coffee shop in city centre at average prices
The Japanese, The Waterman, rates high, is kid friendly and has a price range of l20-25. It's located in the center of the city.
There is a children friendly restaurant on the riverside called Blue Spice.  Blue Spice costs more than 30 Euro and is ranked low by customers.
A restaurant, Loch Fyne, is a restaurant made for casual cuisine with an adult like setting.  Families with children are not permitted
The Phoenix is an English serving establishment in the riverside area. Customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Phoenix is a low-rate place that located to the city centre.
Blue Spice serves Indian food in the city centre. The price range is moderate.
The Cambridge Blue is a Japanese food serving restaurant with an average customer rating.
The Vaults is a coffee shop that is priced at £20 with low customer ratings near the Café Brazil and the riverside.
With a moderate price range, Blue Spice in located in city centre.
Competitively priced English food in the city centre, try Alimentum near the Yippee Noodle Bar, customers report varying results.
Midsummer House serves Japanese food, it boasts an average customer rating and is located near Café Rouge.
There is an expensive fast food restaurant called The Rice Boat that has a high customer rating and is children friendly. It is in the center of the city neat Express by Holiday Inn.
There is a Chinese restaurant called Strada near Rainbow Vegetarian Café with high customer rating and it's price range is more than £30 and also it is children friendly.
Strada is a French restaurant, that is not kid friendly, located in the city centre, near Rainbow Vegetarian Café. All prices are between £20-25. It has a 3 out of 5 star rating.
Loch Fyne is a restaurant with reasonable prices and serves English food, although children are not actively welcomed.
Rated 1 out of 5, Travellers Rest Beefeater is moderately priced, located near Café Adriatic in the city center.
Green Man provides English food in the moderate price range with no kids friendly. It is located near All Bar One in the city centre.
The Rice Boat is a French food selling restaurant. It is located in the City Centre near the Express by Holiday Inn. It has an average customer rating with a less than £20 price range. It is not family-friendly.
Blue Spice is a moderately expensive, kid friendly restaurant near riverside with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Waterman is a riverside pub with Italian food and an average rating.
There is a cheap coffee shop, The Punter Café Sicilia is family friendly and serves pasta entries.
Located near Café Rouge in the City Centre is a fast-food restaurant named The Golden Curry.  It features a five star rating and is family-friendly.
Aromi is a family-Friendly French coffee shop rated average by customers in the riverside area
There is a place  named The Twenty Two which is located at riverside near The Rice Boat that has an average customer rating, a price less than 20, but is not family-friendly
Bibimbap House where the prices are lower then 20 pounds, serving impeccable English food can be found in the area of riverside near Clare Hall.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop in the city centre selling Indian food. Price ranges are from £20-25. They have a high customer rating. No children permitted
With a moderate price range, Fitzbillies is a coffee shop in riverside with a customer rating of 1 out of 5, where you can enjoy Italian food. Fitzbillies is not child friendly.
A kids-friendly fast food restaurant, The Vaults, has an average price range of £20-25.
Aromi is a coffee shop that serves Italian food by the riverside. It is kid friendly, but it  has a customer rating of 1 out of 5
if you are looking for a place in the city centre that is child friendly and that does Japanese food in the moderate price range then the Alimentum is the place to go
There is a more expensive coffee shop in the Riverside area called Fitzbillies, serving mainstream Indian cuisine, but is unsuitable for children.
There is a cheap restaurant called The Vaults serving Indian food and it is family friendly.
The Dumpling Tree is an Italian restaurant in the low price range.
Loch Fyne located in the city centre  near The Rice Boat provides French food and has an average customer rating.
Blue Spice provides Chinese food in the cheap price range. It is located in the riverside.
The Eagle serves French food and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a Japanese coffee shop with low ratings and low prices that is family friendly, located on the river side.
The family friendly Japanese restaurant is Loch Fyne.
The Rice Boat near Express by Holiday Inn in Riverside serves fast food suitable for adults at under £20. It has a low customer rating.
In the city centre, near to Café Rouge is located The Golden Curry that offers Japanese food. It has an average customer rating and there is no family area.
The Eagle is a family-friendly coffee shop near the Burger King in the city centre.  They serve Japanese food that costs less than  £20 and have a low customer rating.
An Italian pub named Zizzi is children friendly with a 1 out of 5 customer rating.
A kid friendly pub, Zizzi, is serving Indian cuisine with a rating of 3 out of 5.
The Golden Curry is a cheap family friendly Italian venue situated near The Bakers.
Located near Burger King at the riverside is The Eagle Italian coffee shop which has a high price Range and is rated 1 out of 5 with being not children Friendly
Loch Fyne is a fast food. restaurant near The Rice Boat on the riverside. It has a low customer rating.
The 1 out of 5 rated coffee shop The Punter offers Italian food at moderate prices. It is kids friendly and located near the Café Sicilia.
The Cambridge Blue has a price range of £20-25, is a French food pub and is near Café Brazil.
A coffee shop called The Eagle with Japanese food is located near Burger King and the city centre. It is not kids friendly with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Phoenix is the place for low priced Chinese food, with only one star. They are located in the city center.
Alimentum is a Fast food place that is children friendly and is located in the area of riverside. the price range is more than 30 euros.
Located near All Bar One is a Chinese restaurant called The Cricketers.
The Rice Boat is a family friendly Chinese restaurant in the riverside area. It has a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
Alimentum is not a family restaurant. Rather it is a British restaurant. It is not near the city centre.
The Wrestlers is kid friendly and offers Italian food at a moderate price range. They have a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Located by the river, near The Rice Boat, Loch Fyne serves English food and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Twenty Two is a low rated, children Friendly, more than £30 price ranged place near The Rice Boat.
The Punter is an English restaurant in the low cost range.
The Cricketers is a children Friendly pub near to Ranch with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
English food is served at The Golden Curry which has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is family-friendly and is near Café Rouge in the city centre.
Zizzi, a coffee shop that is less than  £20, is family-friendly and average.  It is in the city centre.
The Waterman is a city centre Chinese restaurant with average customer ratings.  They are family friendly and menu prices are cheap.
There is a non-family friendly Chinese restaurant The Twenty Two located riverside.
The family friendly riverside Indian restaurant The Waterman,has low customer ratings ,although price range is average.
There is an expensive coffee shop in riverside, Zizzi. It is not children friendly and it is poorly rated.
Children friendly, expensive. The Waterman.
Alimentum serves Italian food and is located near Yippee Noodle Bar in the center of the city. It has a high customer rating and prices range from £20-25.
The Waterman pub serves English food in the  city centre but has a low customer rating
Browns Cambridge is a children friendly, riverside French coffee shop near the Crown Plaza Hotel. It has a low customer rating.
There is a coffee shop near Café Sicilia named The Punter with average customer ratings.
Fitzbillies has a low price range is near Rainbow Vegetarian Café
There is a high-priced coffee shop Zizzi, located in the riverside it's children-friendly and 5 out of 5 customers recommend it.
The Green Man is a pub serving French food near the Café Rouge in the city centre
The Rice Boat is near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 with a high price range.
Despite the reviews, visit Cocum a sushi bar and coffee shop for a night out at a moderate price.
The Olive Grove is not kids friendly, and it is a moderate priced Chinese pub in the city centre.
The Golden Curry is a restaurant providing family friendly Italian meals. It has low customer ratings and is located near Café Rouge in the riverside area.
The Twenty Two is a kid friendly French restaurant.
The Phoenix is Italian cuisine, highly rated in a medium price range 20- 25lb in the center of the city.
There is a  pub providing Fast food called The Mill. Located at riverside, it provides food in the  moderate price range.
There is a kid friendly Indian restaurant in Riverside called The Waterman.  It has a moderate price range and gets a 3 out of 5 customer rating.
The Vaults is a mid-priced family friendly restaurant.
Near Ranch, family friendly Cotto, serves Italian cuisine with an average customer rating
For Fast food, visit The Vaults restaurant.
Browns Cambridge has a low customer rating with the average price above £30.
The Bibimbap House is on the riverside near Clare Hall. It has Japanese food for 20-25.
The Mill is a Fast food pub with a high price range in riverside
Strada is a  5 out of 5 rated restaurant.
The Phoenix is in riverside it serves English food. It is priced cheaply and is rated 5 out of 5.
The Eagle, Japanese coffee shop is family friendly with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.  Located near Burger King in the riverside area and offers cheap prices.
Located by the riverside is a high rated Indian coffee shop that is children friendly called Aromi
Midsummer House is an Indian restaurant, with a low customer rating, to is located near Café Rouge.
The Waterman is a kid friendly French restaurant located in city centre.
A French restaurant in the city centre with a 5 out of 5 customer rating in The Phoenix. It costs more than £30.
Green Man is a fairly expensive, but kid friendly, establishment that serves Italian food.  It is located in riverside, near All Bar One.
The Cricketers is a coffee shop providing take-away deliveries. It is located near to The Portland Arms. It is not friendly for family and has 1 out of 5 stars.
The Waterman is an affordable Italian restaurant that is family friendly.
Aromi is an adult coffee shop serving Italian food in the riverside area. Customer ratings are low.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Indian food in the high price range. It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is average.
The Punter is a non family-friendly food establishment near The Portland Arms in the city centre. It has an average price range of less than £20.
Strada is a Japanese pub with a low customer rating but is near Yippee Noodle Bar
The Rice Boat is a kid friendly restaurant that serves Indian food.  It is located riverside and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Loch Fyne, the fast food restaurant near The Rice Boat with a 5 out of 5 customer rating, is by the riverside.
The Waterman is a cozy restaurant serving Chinese near the city center.
The Golden Curry, near The Bakers, offers family friendly Italian food for cheap.
Midsummer House is moderately priced for snacks, lunches and drinks and is nearby All Bar One.
A riverside English venue is The Rice Boat.
Near Café Rouge is a moderately priced, kid friendly Chinese pub named The Plough
Midsummer House is a restaurant featuring Indian food at prices less than £20.  Customers rate Midsummer House low, and it's located near All Bar One.
Browns Cambridge is a high priced restaurant.
Cotto is a Chinese restaurant near Ranch with a low customer rating. Family friendly.
The Cambridge Blue is a restaurant that provides Indian food Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
There is a children-friendly, high rated Italian restaurant with a price range more than £30 and is located in the city centre, it is called The Waterman
The Rice Boat is not a family-friendly, low customer rating French restaurant in the riverside area near Express by Holiday Inn, They do offer a price range of less than £20.
Bibimbap House is near Clare Hall. They serve English food. The price range is between 20 and 25 dollars.
Browns Cambridge is a moderately priced restaurant featuring wine and antipasto.
Clowns is a moderately priced pub, located  by the riverside,  who also serve food.
The Cricketers is a coffee shop which serves Italian food. It is located near to The Portland Arms, has an average customer rating, but it is not family-friendly.
The Waterman is a low grade pub located in City Centre.
The Waterman has Japanese food and is located in the city center, it was also given a low customer rating.
There is a coffee shop with high ratings  located near The Bakers.  Giraffe is children friendly.
The one star restaurant, Midsummer House, has a location right by Café Rouge.
Zizzi is  an expensive coffee shop in riverside averaging about 30 euros or more and is child friendly with a low rating,
Cocum is an Italian coffee shop for the whole family. Serving food less than £20 however have a low customer rating.
If you're looking for a well-reviewed, fairly-priced pub, I can certainly recommend The Vaults near Café Adriatic.
The Mill is a lovely little pub that provides Italian food at a cheap rate. It is located on a riverside. The Mill is a low priced pub on the riverside that serves Italian food.
Taste of Cambridge, is a family friendly riverside coffee shop near the Crowne Plaza Hotel, that serves Japanese food.
Low-cost British food can by found at the Green Man.  This adults only establishment is located in the City centre area near the All Bar One.
The Rice Boat is a higher priced, child friendly, Japanese restaurant in city center near the Express by Holiday Inn.  They have an excellent customer rating.
The Eagle is located along the riverside. It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 stars and an average price range.
High cost 5 star The Phoenix offers British Breakfast in a riverside location.
The Eagle is a coffee shop that serves French food with a price range of £20-25. It is highly rated by customers and located by the riverside near Burger King.  Kids are prohibited.
Alimentum is an expensive child friendly, fast food place located near the river.
The Punter produces pricey Fast food.
Loch Fyne is an expensive Fast food restaurant that is suitable for all the family.
Aromi is an average rated coffee shop by the riverside. It provides Fast food and is not family-friendly.
There is a place called The Golden Curry that offers Indian foods. The place has a 3 out of 5 with kids friendly.
Strada, a low rated English pub is located near Yippee Noodle Bar.
The Travellers Rest Beefeater is not children friendly cost more than £30.
Café Sicilia is right around the corner from the low rated pub, The Twenty Two, located in the riverside area.
The Olive Grove is an Indian Pub in the low price range located in Riverside and it is family friendly.
The restaurant Loch Fyne serves Italian food.
The kid friendly restaurant named The Waterman is in the riverside area and has French food in the price range of£20-25.
The Waterman is low-cost restaurant that serves fancy food that is family friendly and near the river.
Located at the city centre, Alimentum is a French restaurant priced less than £20, but not family-friendly.
If you are looking for a cheap pub in Riverside, check out The Golden Palace located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop serving Japanese food in the city centre, they have a low customer rating and are in the more than £30 price range.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Indian food in the moderate price range. It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Midsummer House is a French restaurant near Café Rouge with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Eagle is in city centre with a low customer rating and a price of more than 30.
The high French coffee shop near the riverside is named Aromi and yes its a friendly place.
The Eagle, located close to the Fast food Burger King and riverside, is a moderate priced coffee shop rating 3 out of 5. It is not too kid friendly.
The Golden Curry is rated one star and it's a family friendly location near Café Rouge.
Child friendly pub Zizzi serves Chinese food, but has low customer reviews.
The Golden Curry, a Japanese restaurant is not family-friendly, but has a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
In riverside, near All Bar One, there is a non family-friendly French restaurant called Green Man, and the price range is less than 20 pounds.
Near Crowne Plaza Hotel, there is The Waterman that serves Italian food and a children-friendly place.
Rated 5 out of 5, The Golden Palace coffee shop serves low priced Japanese food. It can be found in city centre.
The Fitzbillies is a coffee shop with a high price range, an average customer rating and a children friendly environment. The Fitzbillies sells fast-food and is located in the riverside area.
Green Man is a pub near Café Rouge in riverside that serves fast food.
The Vaults Italian food, considered expensive, though kids are welcome.
The Golden Curry serves English food. It caters to children and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Golden Curry is a French restaurant located near Café Rouge. It has a low rating and is not family-friendly.
If your in the riverside, area check out Blue Spice for great Chinese food less than £20.
Blue Spice is a place in the city centre that is not children friendly, has a price range of more than 30, and a low customer rating
The Cricketers coffee shop also serves fine food. It is for the whole family and is located near The Portland Arms.
Fitzbillies is a French coffee shop in the city centre with an average customer rating. It is less than £20 and is family-friendly.
For cheap, family friendly fast food, go to The Olive Grove, situated on the riverside.
Located in the city centre Alimentum is a family-friendly restaurant that serves English food. This is a child friendly restaurant with a price range of less than £20.
Loch Fyne is a moderately-priced Italian restaurant that is not kid-friendly.
The riverside area offers English food above £30 at Blue Spice.
Fitzbillies is an Italian style restaurant, which is kid friendly, but has a low customer rating of 1 out of 5.  The price range is high and located in city centre.
Blue Spice serves English food for less than £20 on the riverside
There is a coffee shop named The Golden Palace in the city centre. It is rated 5 out of 5 stars and is moderately priced.
Green Man is kid friendly and offers moderately priced Fast food. Located in riverside near All Bar One.
The Golden Palace is a less than £20  coffee shop in the city centre that delivers Fast food.
The Italian pub Strada has a rating of 1 out of 5. It's located near Yippee Noodle Bar.
The Waterman is a poorly rated Fast food chain in the City Centre that is not kid friendly and offers £20 food.
A highly customer rated place is The Twenty Two. It can be located in the riverside area, near The Rice Boat. The price range is £20-£25, and it is kid friendly.
Near Café Adriatic, there is a pub named The Vaults, in a moderate price range with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Tim Hortons in Wildwood near a Ranch has high priced French food with a customer rating 3 out of 5
Alimentum is a children-friendly Japanese food of price range more than £30 in riverside.
The Zizzi serves English food in a family-Friendly pub environment, with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
There is an English pub called The Dumpling Tree near The Portland Arms that is children friendly.
The Phoenix is a mid ranged British restaurant with high customer rating service and is located by the riverside.
Yes, Cocum is a kids friendly coffee shop that serves Indian food. They have a high customer rating and a price range of £20-25.
The Yippee Noodle Bar is a pub near Strada  serving English food.  It has an average customer rating.
The Golden Palace, located in the city centre, is a coffee shop serving French food. It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and has a price range of £20-25.
There is a medium priced, family friendly fast food restaurant called The Waterman.
Browns Cambridge serving Indian food near The Sorrento in the Riverside area also family friendly.
Green Man  is a  restaurant providing Chinese food . Green Man located  in the riverside area near All Bar One .
Children friendly restaurant Cocum has 1 out 5 rating
The Punter is located near Café Sicilia and serves as a coffee shop and Indian food restaurant, it is family friendly, has low customer ratings, and has a price range of less than £20.
Zizzi's coffee shop, in Riverside, is Children friendly, with upscale prices, customer ratings are low
The Olive Grove, a Japanese riverside pub, is a an adult establishment with prices less than £20
There is a cheap family-friendly restaurant called Alimentum. It is near the river.
Strada is a cheap Japanese restaurant located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café that is kid friendly.
A great,  £20-25 price range fast food eatery is Fitzbillies. This eatery is kid friendly, has high customer ratings, and is located next to a river.
Clowns is a child friendly venue it has a prince range of more than £30.  it is located near Café Sicilia.
Strada is a restaurant that customers have rated 3 out of 5.
Cotto offers a  family-friendly Italian menu located in close proximity to Ranch.  Cotto has received poor ratings.
In riverside, Giraffe pub offers Italian food and a kid friendly environment.
The Eagle, located riverside near Burger King, offers Japanese food with a price range of £20-25. It is a coffee shop with a high customer rating, not children friendly.
Near Raja Indian Cuisine along the riverside is a family friendly, less than £20 Japanese food place, The Wrestlers.
Serving moderately-priced Italian cuisine, the 5-star 'Alimentum' is located near Yippee Noodle Bar on the riverfront, north of the City centre.
Head over to The Eagle for sushi. 3 stars.
There is a family friendly Japanese food place called The Rice Boat with 5 of 5 customer rating, In Riverside area.
The Olive Grove is a restaurant that is not family-friendly in the city centre.
The Rice Boat is rated average by its customers. In the city centre, it serves fast food. The Rice Boat is not family-friendly.
Bibimbap House provides for less than £20 English food is near Clare Hall in the city centre.
In the city centre near Burger King, there is a French family-friendly coffee shop called The Eagle. The price range is more than 30 pounds, and it has a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
There is a cheap, French restaurant called Bibimbap House that is located near Clare Hall in Riverside.
5 out of 5 customer rating at Strada restaurant.
The Mill is a moderately-priced coffee shop with French food. It is located in riverside near The Sorrento.
Wildwood pub is a 3 star restaurant providing Italian food for a high price.
In riverside there is a high priced venue called The Eagle. It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Waterman is located in city center.
The Rice Boat provides Chinese food It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is average.
The Golden Curry is a kids friendly Italian restaurant with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
There is an Indian restaurant called The Waterman with moderate prices and a customer rating of 3 out of 5 in Riverside that is not kid friendly.
There is a coffee shop near Ranch called Wildwood that serves Indian food. It's customer ratings are average but the price is cheap
Zizzi, a pub offers Indian food, however with a low customer rating and not family friendly.
Strada is a high quality British restaurant that has high prices. Located near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café, it is family friendly.
A Fast food coffee shop in the high price range located near Café Sicilia is The Punter. It is child friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
There is an English coffee shop called The Eagle. It is near Burger King in the riverside area.  It is children friendly and in the above  £30 price range.
There is a 1 out of 5 rated coffee shop near Café Sicilia that offer Japanese food with moderate price. The name is The Punter and their place are also kids friendly
At the riverside near Café Brazil, there is a coffee shop named The Vaults that is cheap and has customer rating 5 out of 5.
The Waterman is a family friendly Indian restaurant near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
In city centre, The Mill is a pub that serves Chinese food with a moderate price range.
For fine Italian dining and low ratings, come to The Phoenix on the riverside
The Mill is a mid-priced pub near the River.
Clowns is a French coffee shop with a customer rating of 5 out 5. Located near Clare Hall and riverside.
Along the riverside is a Japanese restaurant that is both good and kid friendly, located near Café Rouge called The Golden Curry.
Cotto is a 1-star Caféteria is next to The Portland Arms, located in the city center.
Zizzi is a family friendly English pub and it has a low customer rating.
In Riverside there is a child friendly English restaurant called The Twenty Two.
Alimentum is a British restaurant not near the city centre. It is not a family restaurant.
The Waterman pub has an average rating for Fast food. This is located in the riverside area.
The Golden Curry serves French food, is a little higher priced that average and kids are welcome.  It is located near The Bakers.
In the city centre is a 5 out of 5 rated Italian pub called The Waterman.
Fitzbillies is near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café and it's expensive
Cocum coffee shop serves Indian food for less than £20. The customer rating is low and the shop is not family friendly.
Rated 5 out of 5, Fitzbillies is a cheap Japanese coffee shop located near the city centre.  It is not family-friendly.
Strada is a kid friendly restaurant in the £20-25 price range. It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 stars.
The Olive Grove is a cheap pup that serves Japanese food near city centre.
The Phoenix is a restaurant located in the Riverside area that offers Chinese food. The customer ratings are high and the price range is more than 30 euro's.
The Golden Curry is a family friendly restaurant
Located in the city centre,The Waterman has Japanese food and is not kids friendly. It has a low customer rating and a price range higher then £30.
There is a low priced restaurant, The Phoenix, in city centre and you can eat in or take out.
The Eagle is a family-friendly coffee shop in the less than £20 price range with a low rating. It's located in the city centre near Burger King and serves Italian food.
Wildwood is a coffee shop that provides wine, cheese and olives for a high price. It is located near Ranch.
The Eagle is a coffee shop that is not family-friendly, less than 20 euros, and sells Japanese food in the center of the city. Customers give it a low rating, it is located near Burger King.
There is a coffee shop that serves French food in the riverside area called Aromi.  It is kids friendly and rated 3 out of 5.
The Rice Boat is a Japanese restaurant located in riverside near Express by Holiday Inn.  It is not a children friendly establishment.  It offers highly priced food with a customer rating of 3.
The Rice Boat is a city centre fast food restaurant, located near to the Express by Holiday Inn. It has a high customer rating,  the price range is more than £30 and it is not child friendly.
The Punter serves Chinese food and is expensive.
For French cuisine at a very reasonable cost, eat at The Dumpling Tree restaurant.
The Cocum is an average pub with high prices and is family friendly.
The Olive Grove is a Pub on the riverside. It not child friendly and the price range is more than £30
At the city centre near Express by Holiday Inn, there is a family-friendly Italian restaurant called The Rice Boat. Their price range is cheap and their customer rating is 5 out of 5.
The restaurant, The Rice Boat is  kid friendly  and offers English food with a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is located at the Riverside.
Nearby Café Rouge you will find The Plough. It is a low priced English pub with a family friendly atmosphere.
Strada is a high rated non kid friendly restaurant that is priced 20-25
The Waterman offers cheap English food, average rated in the city centre, not family-friendly.
There is a kid friendly Indian restaurant in the riverside area called The Rice Boat, and it is rated highly by customers.
The Wrestlers is a high rated Italian restaurant that served food for more than 30 pounds in a non kid-friendly environment.
Customer rated 5 out of 5 Italian pub, The Waterman, is located in the city centre.
Cotto, near Café Rouge has Fast food.
Riverside area restaurant The Golden Palace has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a non-kid friendly Japanese restaurant with a price of £20-25 and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Next to The Portland Arms is an Italian coffee shop called The Cricketers.  It's Kids Friendly with a high customer Rating.
The Mill is a pub that serves Chinese food in a moderate price range.  It is in the riverside area.
The Golden Curry is a one star family friendly restaurant.
The Cocum is a children friendly coffee shop with an average customer rating that has fast food at a high price range.
Cotto is a coffee shop in the city centre close to The Portland Arms with a price range more than £30 with awesome French food
Fitzbillies is a Japanese place with a price range with more than £30 and located near The Six Bells.
The English pub called Strada, is located near the Yippee Noodle Bar. It has a very high customer rating
The Wrestlers serves expensive Italian food. It is family friendly but poorly rated.
The Twenty Two is a kids friendly Fast food restaurant on the riverside.
Clowns is a coffee shop serving French food with a rating of 3 out of 5, it is riverside, near Clare Hall
The Rice Boat is an expensive, non children-friendly, average rating English food serving restaurant, located near the Express by Holiday Inn, in Riverside.
The Waterman provides Indian food in the £20-25 price range. It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is high.
Cotto is in the high price range.  It has an excellent rating.  It is located near The Portland Arms.
The Japanese restaurant, Blue Spice, is less than £20 and located in the city centre.
There is a highly rated coffee shop called Cocum which is child friendly with amazing English food but it is a little pricey with average price meals being over 30 Euros.
The Rice Boat is a family friendly fast food restaurant in the riverside area with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Zizzi is a high price range high customer rating coffee shop in riverside. The coffee shop is not kids friendly.
Cotto is a coffee shop serving French cuisine in riverside near The Portland Arms. Expect to pay £20-25. Customers have rated Cotto 3 out of 5.
In the city centre near All Bar One is Green Man, an Indian venue with a moderate price range. It is not kid friendly.
Riverside has an Italian coffee shop called Fitzbillies. It is not kids friendly and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5. The price range is moderate.
English food at moderate price can be ordered at Blue Spice, which is situated by the riverside.
The Golden Curry is an Indian restaurant on the river near Café Rouge. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5 and it does not cater to children.
The Rice Boat is a medium priced restaurant. Located near Express by Holiday Inn.
A cheap, yet 5 star Indian restaurant, is family friendly and located in the centre of the city, named The Waterman.
There is a high-priced, five star coffee shop called The Golden Palace located near the river.
Strada is a fast food pub near Yippee Noodle Bar. It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Olive Grove is a family friendly pub. They serve fast food along the river side with a lovely view. The average cost is less than £20 which is amazing for all the family to have a bite to eat with a fantastic view.
Midsummer House is a five star restaurant  located near Café Rouge
There is a riverside pub called Aromi that gets a 5 out of 5 customer rating. It is child friendly.
Aromi is a family-friendly Italian coffee shop in the city centre. It has an average customer rating.
The Wrestlers is a low-priced 1 star restaurant that is not family friendly and is located near the city centre.
The Olive Grove is a child friendly pub on the riverside, it is quite expensive.
The Rice Boat is near the Express by Holiday Inn in Riverside.  Kid friendly and highly rated, this Indian food establishment  will not break the bank.  Price range £20-25.
A average pub called The Vaults, is located near Café Adriatic and is less than £20.
Close to the city river is an inexpensive pub called Clowns.
Blue Spice is known for quality Indian food priced higher than other restaurants located in Riverside.
Near The Portland Arms is a child friendly restaurant with a riverside area, which has a high price range called The Punter.
There is a French place called The Twenty Two. It is good for families.
Located near Avalon, in the riverside area, Blue Spice is a family friendly coffee shop with a price range of less than £20.
Cheat Italian coffee shop Fitzbillies, rated 5 out of 5 by customers, can be found in the city centre.  It's family-friendly.
There is a high end restaurant named Zizzi located in the riverside area.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop that serves Indian food. High customer ratings that is child friendly is in riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
The coffee shop Cocum is children friendly with a 5 out of 5 customer rating. They serve Japanese food for more than £30.
Alimentum is a medium priced Indian restaurant located in city centre.
The Wrestlers provides Indian food in the high price range. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Serving Italian food near Ranch is Cotto, ideal for children too.
Fitzbillies near The Six Bells serves Indian food for less than £20.
In the city centre there is a French restaurant called The Phoenix, it has a low customer rating.
The Olive Grove pub sits at the riverside. It is children-friendly, and it offers French food with an expensive price.
Midsummer House is a fast food restaurant near Café Rouge with an average customer rating.
There is a restaurant called Alimentum that is low priced and family friendly.
Fitzbillies is an affordable family coffee shop serving sushi. Located outside the city center.
The Olive Grove is a pub in the city centre that serves Japanese food for under £20 and it's child friendly too.
Browns Cambridge's English food has a rating out of 3 of 5; The price range is moderate.
Strada is a low-price, Italian restaurant situated near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café. It is child friendly and has a high customer rating.
For the singletons, Fitzbillies is a cheap French-style coffee shop in the city centre.
If you're after a family-friendly place to eat spaghetti, and maybe enjoyed with a glass of wine by the river, try The Waterman. Moderately priced and with good ratings, they will welcome families with small children.
The Plough is a pub for adults with a price range of less than £20 with English food near Café Rouge.
Strada is a child friendly restaurant serving amazing English food.  The prices are in the medium range and the restaurant is located near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
The Golden Curry providing English food in the riverside very close of Café Rouge
a restaurant that is less than £20 and has a low customer rating is Taste of Cambridge
In the city centre is The Golden Palace.  The Golden Price is a coffee shop that serves sushi. Their prices are average and they have a 3 out of 5 rating.
With a high customer rating, Midsummer House offers affordably priced Japanese cuisine. It is located near All Bar One.
The Golden Curry is near The Bakers.  It is a sushi bar with low prices and is family friendly.
The Vaults is a high priced coffee shop in the area of riverside near Café Brazil with a average customer rating.
Fitzbillies coffee shop in the Riverside area is children-friendly, offers Italian food in the high price range and has an average customer rating.
The Twenty Two in the riverside area has a moderate price range. It is located near The Rice Boat and yes it is kids friendly.
The Midsummer House, a Chinese restaurant has a high price range. It is located near All Bar One and has a rating of 4
The restaurant The Vaults serves Chinese food.
On the riverside near Express by Holiday Inn, is a Japanese food place called The Rice Boat. It is expensive, with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and is children friendly.
With a 5 out of 5 customer rating, The Cambridge Blue restaurant serves French food.
There is a coffee shop called Taste of Cambridge that has fast food and is family friendly located in the riverside area near Crown Plaza Hotel.
The Eagle is an Italian coffee shop near Burger King in city centre. They are highly rated, child friendly, and offer a mid-priced selection.
Zizzi has amazing ratings and is child friendly. They serve French food.
Near Rainbow Vegetarian Café in the riverside area You can find The Golden Palace pub with price range £20-25.
The Rice Boat is a low customer rating and family-friendly. It is located in the city centre and has Italian food.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that serves Italian food. It is not family-friendly and has a low customer rating. It is in the city centre and costs less than £20.
Strada is a Japanese restaurant near Rainbow Vegetarian Café that's kid friendly and has a high customer rating in the £20-25 price range.
Near Café Rouge is Midsummer House. Midsummer House is a highly rated Japanese place.
The Punter is children friendly. It is in the city centre near The Portland Arms. It is more than £30.
Japanese restaurant, The Punter is under 20 pounds.
Browns Cambridge, an Italian restaurant, is a moderate 1 out of 5.
A kid friendly restaurant is The Waterman, located in the city centre. It serves Indian food at a moderate price range, and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Midsummer House is a popular Indian restaurant with average prices, near All Bar One.
Bibimbap House has cheap Fast food by the riverside near Clare Hall.
In the city centre is located The Phoenix that offers English food with a cheap price and it has a customer rating 5 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a French coffee shop with high ratings and a price range of more than £30.
The Eagle is a family friendly coffee shop near Burger King in the city centre with average customer ratings.  They have an Indian food menu, with cheap prices.
The Waterman offers Chinese food at a high price range. It is customer rating are 1 out of 5. Locate near to City Centre. Children are welcome.
The Mill, located on the Riverside, is an inexpensive Japanese pub.
The Rice Boat is near Rainbow Vegetarian Café it cost more than £30 and is rated low.
There's a high rated restaurant called The Cambridge Blue that serves French food.
Family friendly, The Golden Curry serves cheap Chinese food near The Bakers.
The Eagle is a Japanese food restaurant with a low customer rating. It is near Burger King and its price range is more than £30. It is a coffee shop in riverside.
The Dumpling Tree pub is children friendly and has Fast food. It is located near The Portland Arms.
The Fast food coffee shop named Cotto has a 5 out of 5 rating. It's cheap and near The Portland Arms in the riverside district.
Blue Spice offers a cheap meal in the riverside area. family-Friendly, yes of course it is and has and average customer rating.
Though it is not a family friendly environment, The Punter in The Portland Arms is cheap and right off the river.
The Vaults is a child friendly French restaurant with a price range of more than £30.
Japanese kid friendly restaurant, The Rice Boat, in the riverside area near Express by Holiday Inn, prices range £20-£25 and customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Near the riverside, is a coffee shot with a moderate price range named Fitzbillies, is a fast food place and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Giraffe is a family-friendly pub serving French food in the city centre
The Waterman has Chinese food with a cheap price range. It is kids friendly and is located in the city centre with an average rating.
This eatery was given a high customer rating and serves Italian cuisine.   It's location is in the city centre area and it's a coffee shop called The Golden Palace; where menu items are between the £20-25 price range.
The Eagle that serves fast food. has a low customer rating.
A great 5 star restaurant to eat, The Cambridge Blue
Aromi is a coffee shop providing Indian food It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
The Green Man is located in the riverside area and provides a child friendly atmosphere.  English meals are in the  £30 range and the restaurant is located near the All Bar One.
Aromi is a family-friendly coffee shop that also does fast food.
Alimentum is located in riverside and is child friendly, serving Italian food at a moderate price range.
The Waterman is a cheap family friendly pub.
Zizzi, a Fast food public house is for those without children, customer rating is low
The Rice Boat offers Indian food and is located in the city centre.
There is an  Italian venue with a customer  rating of 1 out of 5 named The Golden Curry which  is child friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a child friendly restaurant that serves Italian food. It's in the riverside area near The Sorrento.
Near Express by Holiday Inn in riverside, there is an English restaurant The Rice Boat, food under £20 but rated low.
though usually less than £20, Browns Cambridge has a customer rating that is average.
The Rice Boat is a nice kid friendly restaurant with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 for its English cuisine.
The Vaults is family friendly and serves British food.
Midsummer House is a Chinese restaurant near All Bar One with high customer rating and average prices.
Taste of Cambridge is a family-friendly coffee shop just north of the city center. It is located on the river, just east of the Crown Plaza Hotel.
The Mill coffee shop offers fast food at high prices in the centre of the city near The Sorrento.
The Vaults serves Italian food and it is children friendly. The price range is more than £30.
Located near The Six Bells is an English serving location named Fitzbillies with moderate prices.
Blue Spice is moderately priced and located on the river in Cambridge. It is not a family restaurant and is rated one star out of five.
The Cricketers is a family-friendly pub near Ranch that's been rated average by customers.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop serving Indian food in the city centre. Its price range is more than £30 and it has  a high customer rating.
The Vaults is a high priced pub which is located near Café Adriatic. It has a low customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Cotto is a lower priced coffee shop, under £20, in the Riverside area near The Portland Arms. It has a low customer rating.
Cocum is a casual family friendly, top-customer rated restaurant.
Zizzi is a pub providing Chinese food Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
The Punter is a high priced coffee shop located near Café Sicilia.  It is family friendly and rated 1 star.
At the end of the city is an average price coffee shop called Fitzbillies.
There is a Italian restaurant called The Dumpling Tree with price Range £20-25.
Japanese riverside pub Giraffe offers kid friendly food for customers.
An ok Italian eatery called The Phoenix is located in the city centre
The Golden Curry Italian restaurant has excellent customer ratings of 5 out of 5 and is not family-friendly.
The Cricketers is a Japanese coffee shop, close to The Portland Arms.  It has a low customer rating and is not recommended for families.
The Mill is a Chinese pub in the high price range. It is located in the city centre.
In the riverside, The Golden Palace is a coffee shop that has Italian food and less then 20, with low customer ratings.
The Mill is a pub that provides Indian food in the moderate price range. It is located in the riverside.
Zizzi is a family friendly pub serving Indian food with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
A Japanese pub named Zizzi has a low customer rating and not so family-friendly pub
Low rated Japanese coffee shop, The Eagle is priced moderate near Burger King in city centre.
The Wrestlers is a kids Fast food that is moderately priced. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
There is a high priced restaurant Alimentum located on the riverside that provides Japanese food.
Cotto has a price range of less than £20 and is situated by the riverside, near All Bar One
There is a pub named The Plough with moderate pricing near Café Rouge. They sell Japanese food and yes it is kid friendly.
There's a family friendly Chinese in the city centre called, The Twenty Two.
Loch Fyne restaurant serves sushi and welcomes families.
The Golden Palace is  a moderately priced restaurant.
Cocum is a kid friendly coffee shop that serves an average cup of coffee. But the price is kind of high.
The Waterman is a French restaurant with pub style food located by the riverside with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Clowns is a coffee shop which serves French food. It is located near Clare Hall, on the riverside, and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Golden Curry is a kid friendly restaurant. This restaurant serves Japanese food. Customers have given The Golden Curry an average rating of 1 out of 5.
Midsummer House is a low rated French restaurant near Café Rouge.
The Waterman is a moderately priced, English restaurant in the city centre area that is kid friendly and has a rating of 3 out of 5 stars.
There is a kids friendly Fast food place called The Golden Curry. It has a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
The Cambridge Blue is a reasonably-priced pub serving fast-food located near Café Brazil.
For some family friendly eating , try The Wrestlers, 3 stars and not too expensive.
There is a cheap Italian food restaurant  near All Bar One called Midsummer House. They have an average customer rating.
The Olive Grove is a high priced English pub, not child friendly, located near the center of the city.
The Vaults is a three star coffee shop outside of the City Centre. It is near Café Brazil.
The Rice Boat is an English restaurant in city centre near Express by Holiday Inn.
The Rice Boat serves cheap Indian food in a family friendly setting. It can be found in the riverside area near to Express by Holiday Inn and has an excellent customer rating.
Fitzbillies is near Express by Holiday Inn  with a high customer rating in the £20 - £25 price range but it is not child friendly
Cotto is a coffee shop west of The Portland Arms that serves moderately priced pub food.
Wildwood is a pub that serves fast food. It has a price range less than £20 and a low customer rating.
An English pub with a high customer rating near Yippee Noodle Bar named Strada.
Cocum  is a cheap coffee shop providing Italian food. They are not family-friendly and rated average.
The Golden Palace is a great coffee shop providing fast food in the riverside area at a cheap price. Rated 5 out of 5.
A pub on the riverside, near to Café Rouge, is The Green Man and it serves Japanese food.
Check out Aromi, located on the riverside. It is an Italian restaurant.
The French restaurant, The Cambridge Blue, has low customer ratings.
With a high customer rating and prices over £30, The Vaults is a pub which can be found near Café Adriatic.
The Waterman is a moderately-priced Chinese restaurant with a customer rating of 3 out of 5. They are in the riverside area and are kid-friendly.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop which offers fast food. It is located in the city centre area, has a high customer rating and a price range of more than £30. It is not child-friendly.
Near Café Rouge is not a family-friendly Japanese restaurant called The Golden Curry in riverside that gets 5 out of 5 ratings.
Serving Indian food The Mill is a high cost coffee shop in the city centre near The Sorrento.
Get away from the kids at Zizzi, a Chinese pub with a low review score.
Italian food is served at The Punter which is moderately priced
French food at Zizzi is 3 out of 5. This pub has a family friendly atmosphere.
There is a high priced coffee shop Giraffe near The Bakers. It has a customer ratings of 3 out of 5 and is children friendly.
You can find pricey food at Fitzbillies, which is close to The Six Bells.
The Plough is an Indian Pub near Café Rouge. It costs less than 20 pounds and is family friendly.
Strada, near Rainbow Vegetarian Café, has cheap English food and is family friendly. It has an average customer rating.
The Eagle is a cheap Italian coffee shop near Burger King in the city center, we are no a family-friendly coffee shop with a great customer Rating of 5 out of 5.
Green Man is a place serving Chinese food with a moderate price Range located in a riverside area not Kid friendly near All Bar One.
Loch Fyne, is a children friendly English  restaurant at a price range of more than  £30.
Price range is high with a customer rating of 3 out of 5, but Travellers Rest Beefeater is on the riverside near Café Adriatic.
The price range for The Mill, a fast food pub in the riverside area, is between 20-25 pounds.
The Golden Curry is an Italian restaurant near Café Rouge, Its located in Riverside, has average ratings and is not considered family-friendly
The Rice Boat is a family-friendly Fast food restaurant in the city centre. Ratings are low, but the food is great.
Alimentum is a Japanese restaurant in the riverside area. It is kid friendly and prices range from £20-25.
The Plough is a moderately priced kids friendly fast food pub near Café Rouge.
A family friendly, Chinese food place has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. The Waterman is located in riverside and has a cheap price range.
The French restaurant Browns Cambridge near The Sorrento in the city centre is  not family-friendly.
The Rice Boat is a family-friendly establishment that serves Japanese food. It can be found in city centre near Express by Holiday Inn has a rating of 3 out of 5 and prices on the higher side.
Cotto is a children friendly, 3 out of 5 rated French restaurant located near Ranch.
The Phoenix serves fast food near the river. It has a rating of 5 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a adult service Japanese coffee shop near the riverside with a low customer rating.
Near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre is the Italian coffee shop Browns Cambridge. Although, it has a 5 out of 5 rating it is not family-friendly.
The Twenty Two serves French food and is family friendly.
The Punter is a kid friendly Italian coffee shop near Café Sicilia, they have a high customer rating with £20-25 price range.
The Waterman is an English restaurant with an average customer rating located in the city centre. It is family-friendly and has a cheap price range.
Located by the riverside there is a Japanese restaurant Alimentum, they are very friendly and less then £20.
The Cambridge Blue pub ,near to Café Brazil serves Chinese food in a moderate price range.
French food can be found at The Wrestlers which is near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre. It is a family-friendly coffee shop and has a price range of less than £20.
Cotto, a highly-priced, coffee shop serving French food, is situated at the riverside near The Portland Arms. It has a low customer rating.
The Twenty Two is a kid friendly place with a moderate price range. It is located near The Rice Boat.
The Golden Curry is a family friendly restaurant, located near The Bakers.
Loch Fyne is a 3 star, family friendly Café located close to The Rice Boat providing Japanese food. It is located in the city centre.
Browns Cambridge serves high price Chinese food. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Loch Fyne is a kids friendly Chinese food restaurant in the moderate price range.
The Golden Palace is an extremely affordable,  Italian fusion restaurant just steps outside of the city center
Cocum is a moderately priced coffee shop.  It is family friendly.
Near the Crowne Plaza Hotel is a French restaurant called The Waterman that would be great for the entire family.
There is a cheap average Italian restaurant Alimentum  near Yippee Noodle Bar in the river side.
Giraffe is a cheap coffee shop with low ratings and not family friendly near The Bakers
For a high price range restaurant look no further than The Wrestlers. A French Food place that has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and is very child friendly
Bibimbap House by riverside  in Clare Hall has French more than £30.
The Waterman pub for eating Chinese food has customer average  Riverside .
A high priced coffee shop called Wildwood is situated near Ranch. It has a three star rating.
Midsummer House serves Japanese food. Its located near Café Rouge and has a low customer rating.
The Eagle is a low rated restaurant.
For a positive rated coffee shop that also serves Indian food at a high price, the child friendly venue, The Eagle, sits near Burger King on the riverside.
The Cambridge Blue is a restaurant that provides Indian food Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
A high-priced restaurant known as Travellers Rest Beefeater is child-friendly.
The Golden Palace is a French coffee shop in the Riverside area. It has a high price range and a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Close to Crowne Plaza Hotel, on the riverside, Browns Cambridge is an average rated fast food coffee shop. It's family friendly.
Green Man by the riverside is child friendly and expensive.
The Green Man is a non family-friendly place with Japanese food less than £20. It can be found near All Bar One in the city center area.
Near Rainbow Vegetarian Café is The Rice Boat which has a high customer rating and the price range is £20-25.
The Cricketers is a coffee shop located  near The Portland Arms in the city that provides Indian food.
At Riverside, sits The Waterman.  The food is average and English.  The price is cheap and you're here to take a break from families.
Alimentum is a one star restaurant that serves high priced meals.  Its location is next to the river and near it is Yippee Noodle Bar.
Clowns is not family-friendly. It is located near Café Sicilia and has a price range of less than £20.
Alimentum serves Chinese food for more than £30 with a high customer rating in city centre near Yippee Noodle Bar.
A family friendly restaurant named Strada had a low customer rating and a price range less then 20 pounds.
The Golden Curry is a family friendly place located in the riverside area near Café Rouge offering Chinese food and it has an average customer rating.
Strada is not children friendly and costs more than £30. It has a customer rating of five out of five.
Near The Portland Arms, there is a family friendly, Indian pub named The Dumpling Tree.
Green Man is family-friendly with a price range of less than £20. It serves Japanese food and is near All Bar One in the city centre.
Clowns coffee shop offers fast food with an average customer rating.  It is located in the city centre near Clare Hall.
Blue Spice offers English style food on the riverside in the cheap range.
Cotto is a family friendly English restaurant with a low rating near Ranch
Serving Indian food near The Six Bells at more then thirty dollars is the Fitzbillies.
Blue Spice is an expensive restaurant that is family friendly. It is rated 3 stars and is located near the river.
An average rated Indian restaurant in the city centre near The Rice Boat is called Loch Fyne.
Fitzbillies coffee shop is a family friendly ,cheap Indian in the city centre with  average customer ratings.
Rated 1 on 5, Browns Cambridge is an expensive restaurant
Located near All Bar One is a sushi restaurant called Green Man that has budget friendly menu items.
Loch Fyne is a  kid-friendly, fast food. restaurant.
Wildwood is an English food pub with a cheap price range and an average customer rating.
The Wrestlers coffee shop offers French food, in the riverside area. Loved near Raja Indian Cuisine.
Browns Cambridge is a low priced five star Italian restaurant located in the city centre.
Cocum is a pub with a price range less than £20 with a low rating but family-Friendly
In the City Centre there is a nice restaurant over looking a river called The Phoenix.
The coffee shop, The Punter, provides the customer with average rated Indian food, This high-priced establishment is child friendly and found near to the Café Sicilia
Browns Cambridge is an English restaurant near The Sorrento in the city centre. Not family-friendly.
Riverside has a coffee shop named Fitzbillies that isn't family-friendly that is less than £20 with a low customer rating,
The Phoenix is a store that provides assorted wines and snacks at an average price.
Cotto is a coffee shop providing Indian food in the moderate price range. It is located in the city centre. It is near The Portland Arms. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge is a moderately priced restaurant located near the city center.
The Eagle is a family friendly coffee shop located next to Burger King on the river.
The Golden Palace is a French coffee shop in riverside. It has a price range of £20-25 and an average customer rating of 3 out of 5 stars.
Browns Cambridge has an average customer rating, and serves French food for less than 20GBP.
Midsummer House is a restaurant providing breakfast. It is located close to All Bar One
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop in the city centre with high prices, it receives average ratings and is not child friendly.
The Wrestlers is a 5 out of 5 rating French restaurant. They are child friendly and their prices are higher than 30.
If you're looking for an unfriendly, poorly-rated Indian coffee shop, try The Cricketers near the The Portland Arms.
Strada is a cheap, family friendly place, and it has a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
The pub called Zizzi had friendly families come in to eat French food, but the customers rated the place low
The Dumpling Tree is a cheap alternative to the nearby Café Sicilia. It has a family friendly environment and is located in the riverside area.
The Twenty Two is a family friendly restaurant that is cheap on the riverside, near The Rice Boat with a 5 out of 5 rating.
There is a cheap restaurant The Vaults that serves breakfast and is family friendly.
The Plough is a Japanese pub near Café Rouge that serves Japanese  food for £20 and is family friendly.
Serving Japanese food near the riverside, The Phoenix has 3 star ratings at middle price range.
Low rated restaurant, The Golden Palace, is located on the riverside.
Strada is highly rated by customers. It is not children friendly and is expensive.
The Zizzi coffee shop located at the riverside serving cheap food is not a family-friendly place. It has been rated average.
A restaurant with low customer ratings in Cambridge is Strada.
Taste of Cambridge, a Japanese coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel in city centre is family-friendly.
The Rice Boat serves French food on the riverside and hosts a non-family-friendly environment.  This restaurant has a low customer rating.
If you want Italian food in a family friendly place, go to The Waterman near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
The Cambridge Blue is a Japanese restaurant rated 3 out of 5 by customers
Strada is a cheap non friendly place with 5 out of 5 ratings.
The Alimentum is a Japanese restaurant located in the city centre near Yippee Noodle Bar. It has a moderate price range and 1 out of 5 stars.
The Rice Boat offers cheap Chinese food at an average customer rating. It is not family friendly, and can be found riverside near Express by Holiday Inn.
The Golden Curry is an Italian restaurant with an average customer rating.
The Punter is a coffee shop providing foods and beverages in the low price range. It is located at the Café Sicilia.
Near the City centre there is a fast food sensibly priced coffee shop called The Golden Palace.
The Waterman is in riverside, serves cheap Indian food, has an average customer rating, and is kid friendly.
The Eagle serves Japanese food and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a moderately priced, non-kid friendly, fast food coffee shop in riverside. It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Cotto is a modest, French, coffee shop located in the city centre near The Portland Arms. 3 out of 5 stars.
If you're looking to spend more than  £30, there is a children friendly coffee shop that has Italian food near Raja Indian Cuisine called The Wrestlers.
Serving high priced Italian cuisine, The Waterman is an adult eatery with an average rating located at the riverside.
A cheap venue in the city centre is The Eagle with an average customer rating
The Rice Boat is located in the riverside area. It has French food, is children friendly, and a low customer rating.
The Mill is a fast food pub in the riverside with high prices.
The Wildwood is a pub serving French cuisine in the mid-price range.
Italian food place named The Rice Boat, has a high customer rating and a price range of more than £30 and is not children friendly.  it is in the city centre area near the Express by Holiday Inn.
Fast food restaurant The Punter has a cost of £20-25.
A high priced Chinese restaurant in riverside is called The Phoenix, with a 1 out of 5 rating.
The Phoenix provides Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
There is a mid priced restaurant The Blue Spice in the City centre.
The Wrestlers is a highly rated establishment that provides Italian food with a price range between  £20-25. It is also child friendly.
The Eagle had an average customer rating and serves English food.
The Twenty Two is located by The Rice Boat. It serves poorly rated food and is moderately expensive. It is not family friendly.
There is a cheap restaurant The Vaults that provides take-away deliveries.
A Japanese restaurant in the city centre which is kids friendly is The Waterman. Food is moderately priced at £20 - 25 and on average it has a high customer rating.
Find a kid friendly French pub near Café Rouge called The Plough great values.
The Waterman is a restaurant providing low quality food  and family services in the average price range. It is located in the north of the city
Alimentum provides fast food for a low price. It has a 5 star rating. It is located near Yippee Noodle Bar.
Strada is a restaurant providing all-you-can eat food in the mid price range. It is located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
The city centre has a 5 out of 5 Japanese restaurant called The Rice Boat. It is family-friendly as well.
There is a family-friendly restaurant The Golden Curry in the city centre near Café Rouge. It has average customer ratings but they serve French food.
A kid friendly restaurant that serves Italian food is called The Wrestlers. It is pricey and received a 1 out of 5 rating.
There is a family friendly Italian place that is cheap called The Golden Curry near The Bakers.
Loch Fyne is located in the city centre.  It offers British cuisine and is not family friendly.
With an average customer rating, The Alimentum near Yippee Noodle Bar in the city centre, offers Italian food at a cheap price range.
Green Man server fast food near the All Bar One on the riverside, which is children friendly at high price.
The Waterman is located in city center have 5 out of 5 costumer rating. It providing Fast food and family-friendly too. Cheap Price Range
The Wrestlers serves Japanese food in a price range of thirty pounds and above. It has a children-friendly environment and a customer rating of five out of five.
Giraffe is a moderate priced coffee shop. It is located near The Bakers. It is Kid friendly and ranks 1 out 5 stars
Blue Spice is a high priced place in Riverside.
Blue Spice is a fast food restaurant in the riverside area. its price range is less than  £20.
There is a family-friendly Indian coffee shop called The Cricketers near The Portland Arms which has a low customer rating.
Alimentum provides for £20 Japanese food is near Yippee Noodle Bar in the city centre but has a low customer rating.
Riverside has a kids-friendly fast food restaurant called The Twenty Two.
For a highly recommended expensive Indian in the riverside area that is family friendly near Express by Holiday Inn try The Rice Boat.
Zizzi is a five star pub that is Family-Oriented.
The Twenty Two provides Indian food
The Mill serves higher quality items like wine, cheese, and a light lunch. It is located in The Sorrento.
Loch Fyne is a child-friendly English restaurant.
The Italian pub, Wildwood, has a high price range and a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Giraffe is a pub that serves Indian food in City Centre. It is family friendly.
There is a pub called Wildwood that serves Indian food that is rated high by customers, it will cost more than £30.
Browns Cambridge is a high-priced venue offering food and drink.
Cocum has a perfect customer rating score and is not family-friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a family-friendly venue serving Japanese food situated near The Sorrento in the city centre
With a customer rating of 5 out of 5 there is a coffee shop serving Italian food called The Eagle near Burger King in the city centre. It is family-friendly and cheap.
Midsummer House provides Indian food in the cheap price range. It is near All Bar One. Its customer rating is average.
In the city centre is a pub called The Mill.  It serves fast food that is in the moderate price range.
The Punter, a coffee shop near Café Sicilia, serves French food ranging from more than £30.  It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 and is not child friendly.
Yes , the friends and family ate at a average cost at the city centre, it was called The Golden Curry near Café Rouge and it was full English.
Giraffe is a Chinese pub located on a riverside and is children friendly.
The Aromi area is on the riverside with an average customer rating, it's family friendly, with delicious Japanese food, and coffee shops.
The Golden Curry is family friendly place to have Japanese food within price range of less than £20. It is located by The Bakers.
The Strada has an average customer rating with a high price range and yes it is also child friendly.
The Strada is not children-friendly and is located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café with Japanese food. The price range is more than 30 and has a low customer rating.
Nestled in the city centre, Fitzbillies French-style coffee shop offers an exclusive, child-free coffee experience.
The Wrestlers serves Japanese food, it has a 5 out of 5 customer rating, it's cheap and yes it's also family friendly.
There is a family friendly English pub with a low customer rating called Zizzi.
In the city centre is a restaurant called The Twenty Two that is not family friendly.
restaurant Strada has average customer ratings.
There is an English restaurant called Loch Fyne in Riverside that has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and is near The Rice Boat
The Waterman on the riverside serves pub style Fast food with a 3 out of 5 customer rating.
The Waterman is a family friendly, medium priced, three star fast food restaurant.
Located in Riverside, The Phoenix serves French cuisine and has an average customer rating.
Midsummer House is a sushi restaurant located near All Bar One, and it has a moderate price point.
Browns Cambridge is a riverside coffee shop near the Crowne Plaza Hotel.  It is not family-friendly but has an average rating for its Italian food.
The Rice Boat is a kids friendly restaurant located in the riverside area. It has Chinese food with a low rating.
A moderately priced non kids friendly venue in riverside is The Punter near The Portland Arms.
The average rated Cocum offers pub food for less than £20, also suitable for the whole family.
The Vaults is a Fast food restaurant that is not child friendly with prices more than £30.
An English pub called the Cambridge Blue is cheap and near by the Café Brazil.
Taste of Cambridge is a highly rated, average priced restaurant.
There is a cheap restaurant Midsummer House that is located next to All Bar One.
The Dumpling Tree is a cheap Chinese restaurant option.
Clowns is a low-priced pub rated 5 out of 5 by customers.  It is located on the riverside.
The Wrestlers is a children friendly restaurant that is located in the area of riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine. They serve Italian food with a high price range of more than £30
The Rice Boat is an Indian restaurant located in the city centre.
There is an English based food place called Fitzbillies. It is located near The Six Bells and generally costs less than  £20.
riverside  coffee shop  The Wrestlers  Fast food price range same Raja Indian Cuisine
There is an above average priced Japanese restaurant named Loch Fyne that is children friendly.
Customers rate Wildwood restaurant, near Café Rouge, average.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop north of the city center, located close to the Crowne Plaza Hotel, with a view of the river. Their fast food is very highly favored by families.
Clowns is an Indian coffee shop which has average customer ratings and is at the riverside, near Clare Hall.
Alimentum, a moderately priced French restaurant is located near Yippee Noodle Bar.
The Rice Boat is near the Express by Holiday Inn. It's French food is in the range of more than £30. It's not child friendly, and has a low customer rating.
Alimentum is a moderately priced fast food restaurant in city center that is not kid friendly.
Alimentum has a high customer rating, with reasonable prices and splendid Indian food. It is in the lovely area of Riverside, next to the Yippee Noodle Bar.
Giraffe is a coffee shop near The Bakers. It is child friendly with a high customer rating and a price range of £20 to 25.
Loch Fyne serves Chinese cuisine. The food has been rated by customers as average. Loch Fyne is located near the city centre and The Rice Boat.
The Dumpling Tree is a pub that serves Chinese food, is kid-friendly, and is near The Portland Arms.
Clowns is a Japanese coffee shop near Clare Hall which is over by the city centre. It does not have a very high customer rating, though.
Blue Spice, located near Avalon in the city centre, is a low rated coffee shop with food prices less than L20 that is not family-friendly.
Located near Express by Holiday Inn, Fitzbillies is children friendly and has a 3 out of 5 rating, although is high priced.
The Waterman is a medium -price restaurant and it's for the whole family that offers delicious lunch and has an excellent rating restaurant.
If you are looking for a cheap restaurant, The Dumpling Tree has fast food for under £20.
With a 1-star rating, Midsummer House is a low priced burger and fry joint located close to All Bar One.
The Zizzi pub has low rated Fast food and is not family-friendly.
Riverside pub, The Twenty Two near Café Sicilia has a 5 out of 5 rating.
Cotto is a coffee shop close by The Portland Arms, north of the city center., near the river. Although their pasta dishes are slightly pricey, reviewers don't recommend them.
The Vaults is a coffee shop near Café Brazil in Riverside area. It price range is less than  £20 but has a low customer rating.
The Bibimbap House is located on the riverside near The Rice Boat. It serves English food.
The Vaults has French food priced around £20-25 and is kid friendly.
Wildwood is a Japanese pub with prices more than £30 and 5 out of 5 ratings.
Wildwood is an average priced Japanese coffee shop in the city centre near Ranch.
Wildwood pub has high customer rating serves Japanese food in the £20-25 range.
Cotto is a high-end coffee shop near The Portland Arms in the Riverside area. This shop serves Japanese food and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5
Clowns is a pub located on the river, decently priced, with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Olive Grove is a pub providing English  food with a price range of less than £20.  It is not a family-friendly establishment.  It is located in the riverside area.
The Golden Curry serves Japanese food. It has an average customer rating and is not family-friendly.
Located near The Portland Arms, The Cricketers is a coffee shop offering food with one star rating.
The Eagle is a family friendly coffee shop in the riverside area near Burger King serving highly rated Indian food at a price range of £30 or more.
Located in the city centre, The Vaults is a high priced family friendly Italian restaurant.
Near Clare Hall in the riverside area, Clowns is a coffee shop that serves Japanese food and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Vaults is an Indian restaurant
Wildwood is a low-cost, 5-star pub that serves spaghetti.
For a family friendly pub in riverside, try Giraffe. They serve English food.
The Phoenix, highly rated Italian food in the city centre, prices starting from £30.
The Vaults is a children friendly restaurant with a price range over £30.
There is a well priced Japanese restaurant at riverside called Blue Spice.
The Rice Boat is a high prices place near Express by Holiday Inn  in riverside. It has low customer rating and is more than 30 euros and not kid friendly
A cheaply priced Japanese coffee shop near to Ranch is Wildwood.
The Green Man is a moderately-priced fast food adult-oriented restaurant near All Bar One in the Riverside area.
For Chinese food 'The Wrestlers' is a favourite choice. With very high customer rating and prices ranging from   £30. Enjoy a quite atmosphere as the place is not children-friendly.
The Wrestlers, is a coffee shop that is  family friendly  with prices less than L20  It serves French food and is near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area.
There is a highly priced, more than 30 Euros, restaurant by the Express by Holiday Inn on the Riverside. This Children friendly restaurant named The Rice Boat has been rated highly by its customers for its fabulous Italian food.
A non family friendly cheap Indian pub near Riverside is The Olive Grove.
For those looking for a cheap price range in Riverside, The Eagle has an average rating.
A fast food coffee shop in the riverside area with a 5 out of 5 customer rating is called Aromi.  It is not family-friendly.
With an average customer rating, Zizzi is a family friendly pub that serves Chinese food.
The Golden Palace is a coffee Shop providing Fast Food. It is located in riverside area. Have 5 out of 5 costumer rating.
The Olive Grove is a child friendly pub situated in the city centre. It serves highly priced Italian food.
The Blue Spice is a children friendly place in the city centre with a high price range that has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
There is a moderately priced Indian restaurant located in the city centre near the Yippee Noodle Bar called Alimentum that is rated 3 out of 5.
Wildwood is an English pub with cheap prices and a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
Cotto, a coffee shop near The Portland Arms located in the city centre offers cheap Fast food. its customer rating is average.
Taste of Cambridge is a kid friendly coffee shop that also serves Italian food and is near the riverside and the Crowne Plaza Hotel.
The Eagle is located by Burger King. It has fair prices and has burgers,drinks, and fries
Kids are always welcome at Taste of Cambridge coffee shop in the riverside area. It's located near Crowne Plaza Hotel and they have a fast food style menu.
Cocum is a friendly for children restaurant and the customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Cotto is an expensive 5 star Japanese coffee Shop located next to The Portland Arms City Centre.
In the city centre area near Café Rouge, there is a pub called Green Man that serves Indian food.
Fitzbillies coffee shop providers of fine Indian foods in the price range of more than £30 has garnered rave reviews from customers for the riverside settings and the children friendly environment.
The Eagle sells French food and has a customer rating of average.
The Punter is a high quality coffee shop that is great for family dinner night. It is located in Café Sicilia.
Giraffe is a children friendly coffee shop near The Bakers. It is high priced with customer ratings as 3 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a restaurant that is inexpensive.
If you want poor Japanese food, try The Cambridge Blue restaurant.  They have a low rating.
The Cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop that sells wine and is located across from The Portland Arms.
Customers have given the restaurant Strada 3 out of 5.
Alimentum is located in the center of the city near Yippee Noodle Bar. It serve Japanese food and has a price range of £20-25. The average customer rating is 3 out of 5.
For a children-friendly coffee shop in the riverside area with a high customer rating you can go no better than Aromi in riverside.
The Eagle is on the riverside.  It has a high price range and a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
If you are looking for a friendly Fast food coffee shop, go to Browns Cambridge in the city center near the Crowne Plaza Hotel.
The high end restaurant The Golden Palace is located in the center. of Cambridge.
Wildwood is a sit down, mid range price pub.
Japanese restaurant called Strada, near Rainbow Vegetarian Café is not children-friendly and is high in price and a customer rating 3 out of 5
Aromi is a pub located in the city centre rated 5 out of 5. It is not family-friendly.
The Eagle is a slightly pricey Italian coffee shop located near Burger King in riverside which is highly rated but is not child friendly.
Loch Fyne is a bistro restaurant which is not family friendly
For a riverside Indian restaurant, The Golden Curry is located near to Café Rouge and has received a 5 out of 5 rating from customers.  The venue is not ideally suited for a family meal.
There is a restaurant with a 3-star rating called The Cambridge Blue, which offers English fare.
The Golden Curry serves Italian good.  It is located in the riverside area located near Café Rouge.  It is children friendly and has a 1 out of 5 customer rating.
Browns Cambridge received a customer Rating of 3 out of 5. It costs between £20-25.
Aromi is a coffee shop providing Indian food It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Near The Portland Arms, is a coffee shop called The Cricketers with 5 out of 5 rating, Italian food, and family friendly.
Near The Sorrento, Browns Cambridge is a child friendly restaurant serving English food in the riverside area
Clowns has been getting lots of great feedback. It's a pub by riverside, you can expect to pay somewhere around £20-25 for a meal.
Bring your family to The Punter for 5-star sushi and coffee at a fair price located near Café Sicilia.
Giraffe is an Italian pub at the city centre.
Browns Cambridge is a child friendly coffee shop that serves fast food with an average customer rating of 3 out 5. It is at the riverside near the Crowne Plaza Hotel.
There is a highly rated low priced restaurant The Rice Boat that offers French food in the city centre near Express by Holiday Inn. It is not family-friendly.
Giraffe is a family-friendly riverside pub serving Japanese food.
Strada pub has an average customer Rating for French food near Yippee Noodle Bar.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop in the city centre.  It offers fast food options with a high customer rating.  Prices range from £20-25, and it's kid friendly.
The Vaults is a family-friendly Italian restaurant. The price per meal is less than £20.
The Golden Curry is a child-welcoming place to eat, and is situated close to The Six Bells.
Fitzbillies is a moderate-priced coffee shop in the riverside that delivers take-away.
With a price range of £20-25 near the Café Adriatic riverside the Travellers Rest Beefeater has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Cricketers is a family friendly pub located near the Ranch. It gets a low customer rating.
Near Express by Holiday Inn is  Fitzbillies which is child friendly with a moderate price range and rating of 3 out of 5.
Alimentum is a French restaurant that offers food for less than £20. It has average ratings and it located along the riverside close to the Yippee Noodle Bar.
Browns Cambridge is certainly rated highly by customers and presents an array of Indian dishes with a usual spend of £20-£25 generally.
For a child friendly coffee shop, check out Cocum, a moderately priced fast food joint with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Vaults is a moderately priced Japanese restaurant and is kids friendly.
If you are looking for somewhere cheap to eat in the center of the city you should give The Phoenix a try. With a customer rating of 5 out of 5 it is one of the best places for Japanese food in town.
Giraffe is a French pub in the riverside area. This pub is family friendly.
The Clowns is a pub in the city centre, low rated and cheap.
Aromi is in riverside it a family friendly Fast food coffee shop and has an average rating.
there is high price coffee shop named The Golden Palace serving French food Located in city center with a high customer rating
Located near The Portland Arms, The Dumpling Tree is a pub that serves fast food menu items. It is not family friendly.
The restaurant Wildwood is based near Café Rouge and has a high customer rating of 5 out of 5.
With a great city centre location, the Green Man is sure to please. Kid friendly with an average cost of more than £30.
The Dumpling Tree is a fast food restaurant for a reasonable price.
a cheap pub in the riverside area is The Mill
Browns Cambridge serves Japanese food in the £20 - £25 price range has a 3 out of 5 customer rating
For a pub with average prices in Riverside, check out The Golden Palace near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
Aromi is a French food coffee shop with an average customer rating. It is family friendly and is located in riverside.
The Punter is a mid price range family friendly coffee shop located near Café Sicilia.
Browns Cambridge is traditional British restaurant.
With moderate pricing, Browns Cambridge has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Indian food starting at £20-25 with a high customer rating it is only at The Wrestlers. Kids are allowed.
Alimentum, close to the river and Yippee Noodle Bar, expensive 1 star British food is on the menu.
The Waterman is a Fast food restaurant in the city centre. It is child friendly. It has a high price range and a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
For a Fast food coffee shop with a price range more than £30 there is The Wrestlers in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine. it is also children friendly.
The Strada is a family restaurant with 1 star and is expensive.  It is near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
Strada serves Fast food with moderate prices and 1 out of 5 stars. It is located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café and is kid friendly
The Eagle is an expensive Italian coffee shop in riverside near Burger King.  It is kid friendly and has an average customer rating.
With a customer rating of 3 out of 5, and near Rainbow Vegetarian Café,  Strada  offers Italian food and is child friendly.  Food prices are moderate.
Fitzbillies is by The Six Bells. The pricing on food is high. It is a Chinese restaurant.
A family friendly Indian restaurant called The Rice Boat is in the city  centre with a  low rating.
The adult restaurant, The Rice Boat, serves cheap French food and has received poor customer ratings. They are located in the riverside area near the Express by Holiday Inn.
Blue Spice is a coffee shop with a price range of £20-25. It is located near Avalon in Riverside. Kids are not allowed.
The Waterman is a restaurant situated on the riverside that serves French cuisine.  It has a high rating, not child friendly and price range of £20-£25.
Green Man is a family friendly place that serves Indian food for less than  £20. It is located at the riverside near All Bar One.
There is a great Fast food place  Loch Fyne located in the centre of the city near The Rice Boat that has  a 5 out of 5 rating.
Alimentum is a children friendly Japanese restaurant in riverside with a moderate price range
Loch Fyne is a Chinese food restaurant that is child friendly.
The Waterman is near the Crowne Plaza Hotel, and is child friendly and serves Italian.
The Eagle is in the city centre. It is cheap and rated 5 out of 5.
The Golden Curry is a low price restaurant in The Bakers that offers French foods
Midsummer House is an average rated Italian restaurant near Café Rouge
In riverside, visit The Phoenix for Japanese food with a high price Range and customer Rating of 3 out of 5.
There is an average rated Burger King located on the riverside that provides coffee shop type food.  Next door is a high priced Italian eater named The Eagle.
Although they are in the high price range, The Phoenix rates 1 out of 5 with customers. They serve Indian food in the riverside area.
The Cocum is a middle priced, 1 star coffee shop.   It does not allow families.
Zizzi, a cheap coffee shop along river side have good customer rating and family-friendly
A French restaurant with a family-friendly environment and average customer ratings is The Golden Curry, located in city centre near Café Rouge.
The Vaults is a kid friendly Japanese restaurant with a price range of £20-25.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop located north of the city. They have High ratings and low prices.
Clowns makes coffee shop and French food with cheap Rating in Clare Hall.
A coffee shop serving Indian food with a high customer rating and is child friendly near Café Sicilia is The Punter.
The Waterman is a Chinese restaurant located in the city centre.  High prices and children friendly atmosphere has earned this establishment high customer ratings.
The Wrestlers coffee shop has French cuisine and is located at the riverside close to the Raja Indian Cuisine restaurant
Near the Yippee Noodle Bar in the city centre is Alimentum, mid-range priced 3 star delicious food.
With price range of more than £30 and low customer rating, Cotto at the riverside near The Portland Arms is a coffee shop serving Japanese food.
Rated 3 of 5, Loch Fyne is a Japanese restaurant near The Rice Boat located in riverside
The fast food pub, The Waterman, is located in the city centre. They have a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Wrestlers coffee shop serves French food in the City Centre near Raja Indian Cuisine and is moderately priced
Green Man is a riverside establishment serving dishes for less than £20
The Phoenix is a low priced wine and cheese restaurant located north of City centre on the river.
The Dumpling Tree offers wonderful Italian food, in a family atmosphere, starting at less than £20.
A French coffee shop near city centre is Fitzbillies. It is priced at £20-25 and is highly rated by customer. It is also kids friendly.
For a cheap, family-friendly option, why not try The Olive Grove - a pub in the city centre, offering Italian style food.
For meals in the £20-25 price range, The Golden Palace is a pub in the Riverside area, near to Rainbow Vegetarian Café
With a high price range and a low rating from customers, The Wrestlers is a family friendly pub.
You can take your children to Loch Fyne; an expensive restaurant that serves a variety of food and drinks.
The Waterman is a Kid Friendly place with a price range of 20-25. The Waterman is an Italian place in the city center area with a high rating.
Aromi is a highly rated coffee shop located riverside that serves Indian food and is very kid-friendly.
With a 3 out of 5 customer rating, the child friendly Strada serves moderately priced Italian food. It is near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop. It offers Italian food. Customer rating are high. The coffee shop is on the riverside area. It is not child friendly. Prices are more than £ 30
With an average rating and a high price range, children are not welcomed at The Waterman, an English restaurant near the city centre.
The Wrestlers coffee shop is child friendly and  offers fast food priced on average at more than £30. It is located in the riverside area, near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Vaults costs between 20 and 25 Euros with a high customer rating if you are looking for pub food near Café Adriatic.
The Twenty Two is a child friendly restaurant that serves French food.
Blue Spice is a low-priced place where families are always  welcome. It is located at the riverside area and it has an average rating between its customers.
The Plough is a pub serving fast food located near Café Rouge. It is family friendly and is mid-priced.
Alimentum is an non-children friendly Indian restaurant with a high price range located in the city centre.
There is a kid friendly restaurant that serves Japanese food called The Rice Boat.  It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and is moderately priced.  It is located near Express by Holiday Inn in the city centre area.
The Eagle is a coffee shop, located next to Burger King and is a moderately priced and family friendly.
Blue Spice is a family friendly place that has a high customer rating and with a price range of more then £30. It is a coffee shop located near Avalon in the riverside area.
The Waterman located by the riverside is an expensive Japanese food place. The reviews aren't bad but it isn't recommended for children.
The Mill Pub serves high end French food near the riverside.
There is a family friendly fast food restaurant in Riverside called The Waterman. It is inexpensive and has average customer ratings.
Fitzbillies is cheap and family friendly and has a customer Rating of 5 out of 5.  It is near Express by Holiday Inn.
Near Café Rouge, there is a restaurant called Midsummer House and it has a poor customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Blue Spice provides Indian food in the cheap price range. It is located in the riverside.
Fitzbillies is a highly rated coffee shop in the more than £30 price range serving family-friendly fast food.
Blue Spice in the riverside area serves inexpensive French food.
There is a venue near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café that offers Indian Food. It is not kid friendly but it's customer rating is high. It is called Strada and it's prices range from £20-25.
If your budget is 20-25 £ for a meal, you can eat in Browns Cambridge, a French restaurant rated 3 out of 5.
Near Café Brazil is The Cambridge Blue which is a Japanese pub with a price range less than £20.
The Aromi is an average rated coffee shop that serves Japanese food.
The Olive Grove is a  child friendly  high priced Indian  pub  located in the Riverside area.
The Vaults is a low priced, family friendly restaurant.
There is a place near The Rice Boat in the city centre named Bibimbap House serving Italian food.
Loch Fyne is a place at riverside near The Rice Boat. Loch Fyne serves English cuisine and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Punter is a moderately well rated family coffee shop near Café Sicilia which serves sushi.
a children friendly restaurant in the high price range is called The Waterman .
The riverside Travellers Rest Beefeater, not far from the Café Adriatic, has a high customer rating and food offered is in the over £30 price range.
The Golden Curry is a none family-friendly French food place called near The Bakers price ranging less than £20.
One high priced place in the riverside area, Blue Spice, serves Chinese food.
Cocum is a family friendly coffee shop serving Italian food. With a 5 out of 5 rating, this low cost establishment is popular with its customers.
Near Café Brazil in the City centre, you will find a pricey, three star coffee shop called The Vaults.
The pub Strada is near Yippee Noodle Bar and has an average customer Rating for French food.
There is a restaurant called Fitzbillies that offers quality Japanese food. Fitzbillies is located near The Six Bells, and offers quality food for fair prices.
The Rice Boat provides Indian food in the £20-25 price range. It is located in the riverside. It is near Express by Holiday Inn. Its customer rating is high.
The Golden Curry serves moderately priced  French food and is kid friendly. It is located near  The Bakers.
For a family friendly restaurant go to The Olive Grove in riverside.
With a high price range and an average customer rating, Travellers Rest Beefeater is located by the riverside near the Café Adriatic.
If you're looking for an Indian restaurant for the whole family, you can go to Loch Fyne. The prices are moderate.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop serving Japanese food with low prices and 3 out of 5 stars. It is kid friendly.
The Punter is a high priced restaurant.
A restaurant called Loch Fyne is family friendly and serve cheap Italian food.
Near the river, there is an inexpensive, adults-only coffee shop called Fitzbillies. It serves burgers and fries.
Sensibly priced Japanese food, try Blue Spice in the city centre.
The Rice Boat is an expensive, family-friendly, fast food restaurant that is near the river next to the Express by Holiday Inn.
Alimentum is a mid priced restaurant offering Japanese food, it is family friendly. It is located close to the City Centre
The Golden Curry is not only child friendly and English but also has high ratings from their customers
For Indian food in the riverside area go to Blue Spice, price range is L20-25.
The Twenty Two is not family-friendly. Its purpose is serving fast food, this place is located by the riverside.
The Phoenix is a high price restaurant that serves Italian food. They have low customer rating and they are near riverside.
Serving Italian food at a high price range, Bibimbap House can be found near Clare Hall in the city centre.
There is a highly priced venue serving French food called The Punter.
In the riverside area Browns Cambridge near The Sorrento serves Italian food and is children friendly.
The Cambridge Blue  is a pub that serves  fine seafood cuisine at a moderate cost located conveniently next to Café Brazil come check us out.
The Cambridge Blue restaurant has received a customer rating of 3 out 5 for its French cuisine.
Loch Fyne is a kid-friendly Indian restaurant serving food in the  £20 to  £25 range.
Located in the riverside area is the Green Man. It has a price range of more than £30 and is not child friendly.
Taste of Cambridge is a coffee shop, located near the Crowne Plaza Hotel on the river.  It is not family friendly.
Blue Spice is a coffee shop providing family-style dining in the low price range. It is located close to the city center and has a superb view across the river.
Loch Fyne  is a family friendly restaurant that serves Japanese food.
Green Man is a moderately priced Indian restaurant located in the city centre near All Bar One, and is kid-friendly.
Aromi is a French coffee shop that is near the riverside. They are family friendly with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Clowns is a child friendly establishment near Café Sicilia with items priced at more that £30.
The Punter serves excellent French food at low prices.
The Cambridge Blue is a high-priced pub located north of Café Brazil.
For Fast food go to Fitzbillies near The Six Bells and has a price range of more than 30 pounds.
Indian food is available at the highly rated, higher priced, adult only restaurant, The Rice Boat, near Express by Holiday Inn.
There is a coffee shop called Taste of Cambridge with fast service in riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It's not family-friendly.
The Mill is a pub by a riverside in the City centre with a high price range.
The Olive Grove serves Fast food in a pub. Not kid friendly and located in riverside. Priced moderate.
Located in the city center The Phoenix is a cheap, average Indian foods establishment.
Welcome to The Waterman. We serve Italian food we are located  in the city centre  our price rang is high we are not kid friendly and our customer rating is average.
The restaurant Clowns is not kid friendly and is located near Café Sicilia. The price range is moderate.
In the city centre there is an average Italian place called The Phoenix.
In the city centre near Café Rouge is The Golden Curry. It serves French food, has an average customer rating an dis not family-friendly.
The Wrestlers is a low priced family friendly Japanese coffee shop in Riverside, near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Dumpling Tree is a coffee shop on Riverside, near Café Sicilia, with a moderate price range. It's not kid friendly.
The Taste of Cambridge restaurant has a price range of £20-25 and has a 3 out of 5 customer rating.
Blue Spice coffee shop in riverside. Close to Avalon. Kid friendly: Yes. Customer Rating: 3 of 5
Strada affordable 5 star family dining. Offers food and spirits. Close to Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
In riverside there is an Italian place called Loch Fyne near The Rice Boat. The customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Strada is a child-friendly venue with high customer ratings. The price range is over £30.
Located in the city center is a highly rated coffee ship named Fitzbillies that serves fast food that is averagely priced, but they are not kid friendly.
Having high customer ratings, Aromi is a kid friendly pub located near Riverside.
The Dumpling Tree, a family-friendly coffee shop, is located neat Café Sicilia in the city centre. It offers prices less than 20.
Near The Rice Boat in the city centre you can find an Italian establishment called Loch Fyne which has an average customer rating.
Blue Spice is a high-end Japanese restaurant located in riverside.
The Wrestlers is a family Friendly restaurant with a cheap price Range.
The Wrestlers is a restaurant providing Japaneses food in the cheap price range.
If you are looking for a more expensive coffee shop that also serves English food but is highly rated and kids are welcome, then you should try Cocum if you are willing to spend more than 30 euros.
There is a pub called Wildwood which serves Italian food. It has 3 out of 5 stars and a low price range.
Located in the city centre Alimentum is  non-family-friendly Indian restaurant in the less than £20 price range.
This cheap, fast food eatery called The Wrestlers is family friendly and has a 5 out of 5 rating.
The Rice Boat is located on the river and serves Indian food.
The Punter is an quiet, Italian style coffee shop near Café Sicilia offering moderate pricing. It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Vaults is an English restaurant.
The Phoenix is an Italian restaurant with a moderate price range in the city centre. It has a customer rating of 3 out of five.
Browns Cambridge is a fast food restaurant located near the Crown Plaza Hotel.   It is riverside and very kid friendly.
A high priced coffee shop, in the riverside area, near Café Brazil is The Vaults. They have a 3 out of 5 customer rating.
The Waterman offers cheap French food for family-friendly in city centre.
The Phoenix is a restaurant located in city centre, have a price range of less than  £20
Cocum is child friendly and offers pub type food. In the moderate price range, it has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Eagle is in riverside near Burger King. It has cheap prices. It has high customer ratings.
The Eagle is a fast food with low customer rating.
Aromi is a family friendly pub by the river, it has an average reputation.
Aromi coffee shop ranked 1 star is a great place for the kids and family events
The Olive Grove is a kid-friendly Japanese pub  by the riverside. The price range is of £20-25.
Strada is a restaurant that serves French food located near  Rainbow Vegetarian Café . It is no kids friendly and with a price range £20-25 and a high customer rating.
A family friendly coffee shop called The Eagle is next to Burger King. It is one star rated and is in the medium price range.
For less than £20 you can enjoy Italian food served at The Plough pub. It is located near Café Rouge. Non family-friendly.
The Phoenix restaurant offers food and drinks and is close to the river.
The Phoenix is a low-rated Chinese food service located in the city centre.
The Midsummer House serves French food costing around £20 - £25 is rated 3 out of 5, and is located near All Bar One
There is a cheap restaurant The Waterman located in the city centre that serves Chinese food.
restaurant, The Waterman pub serves delicious fried foods and located outside of the city center
The Zizzi pub offers a small selection of snacks and spirits for adults.
The Eagle is in the city centre near Burger King, it is a Japanese food serving coffee shop with a £20-25 price range. It isn't kids friendly and has a 3 out of 5 rating.
Located in the riverside area near Avalon is the Blue Spice coffee shop.  This is not very family family place to eat even with the cost of less than £20 and it's average customer rating.
Try the family friendly, Japanese coffee shop, The Cricketers. It is near The Portland Arms and has a customer rating 5 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a restaurant that serves Chinese food.
Loch Fyne is a child friendly fast food restaurant.
With a customer rating of 5 out of 5, Browns Cambridge has a moderate price range at more than £30.
The Waterman is an Italian venue, with an average rating and a cheap menu.  It is family-friendly in the city centre
The Plough is a £30 price range children friendly pub situated near Café Rouge.
Located in the riverside area, near The Rice Boat, The Twenty Two provides child friendly activities.
The Eagle is expensive, has 5 stars and is located near the river.
With a customer rating of 1 out of 5, Kid-friendly coffee shop Zizzi offers a location along the riverside.
The Eagle is a coffee shop  offering fast food at great prices. It has gotten fantastic reviews. The Eagle is located riverside near Burger King.
There is a moderately priced, three-star pub called Wildwood which serves sushi.
Browns Cambridge has a low customer rating.  The price range is average.
Cheap Chinese food in Riverside can be found at Alimentum, near Yippee Noodle Bar. This is rated 5 out of 5.
There is a cheap pub called The Mill. It is located near the riverside, and it offers high-quality English food.
Giraffe is a children friendly coffee shop near The Bakers with a high price range and a 3 our of 5 customer rating.
The Mill, a cheap coffee shop that serves fast food is on the riverside near The Sorrento.
Bibimbap House provides Indian food in the lower price range. It is located in the city centre, near Clare Hall
The Dumpling Tree is near Café Sicilia and the city center. It is a children friendly coffee shop with a price range of £30 and over.
There is a pub that serves fast food called The Waterman at the riverside. However it has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
For a low cost family friendly coffee shop, try Cocum. Serving Italian food, Cocum is popular with its customers receiving a 5 out of 5 rating.
Families can enjoy food and drink at Fitzbillies on the outskirts of the City Centre
The Mill is a French dining and coffee establishment found in riverside by The Sorrento, but bring your wallet as this is a bit high end.
Bibimbap House  at the riverside near Clare Hall is French food restaurant with prices £20-25.
The coffee shop Fitzbillies sells fast food. It is kid-friendly in and has a rating of 1 out of 5. The pricing is moderate.
Low cost English food is what you'll find at Fitzbillies, located near The Six Bells.
The Plough pub near Café Rouge is less than £20 but not family-friendly.
There is lots of food The Twenty Two
The Olive Grove is great pub fast food, family atmosphere, warm clentele and low prices in the Riverside area
Fitzbillies is a cheap Indian near The Six Bells.
The Mill is a French pub with moderate prices located in the city centre.
There is a highly-rated, family friendly pub, Zizzi, that serves Chinese food.
If you are looking for a children-friendly place with Indian food, try The Waterman. It is located near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
The Cocum is a coffee shop that offers low price range food and it is suitable for family.
Cotto is Italian food near Ranch and kid friendly
The Loch Fyne is a child-friendly restaurant. It serves French food and is expensive.
Located near Café Adriatic is The Vaults pub high prices with an average rating
Clowns is located near Café Sicilia. It is not family-friendly and has a price range of less than £20.
The Alimentum is a mid-range priced 3 star eatery which is located near the Yippee Noodle Bar in the city centre.
The coffee shop Browns Cambridge near Crown Plaza Hotel on the riverside is a great place to get French food for your family. 1 out of 5 people absolutely love it
There is a cheap eat-in restaurant The Rice Boat located close to Express by Holiday Inn in the centre of the city that provides.
Cocum coffee shop offers sushi at a low-cost and low-rating. It is family-friendly.
Alimentum is a cheap fast-food restaurant in the riverside area near Yippee Noodle Bar and has a 5 out of 5 rating.
The Mill is a pub in the riverside area serving French food in the £20-25 price range.
Cocum pub is moderately priced and has a good customer rating all while been child friendly.
Serving English food, Midsummer House, located near All Bar One, has an average rating and is cheap.
The Waterman is a child friendly venue serving English food near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Located by the riverside, there is an English pub called The Waterman, with a 1 out of 5 customer rating.
Right beside The Rice Boat, in the city center, is Loch Fyne. They have a three out of five star rating and serve British food.
If you are looking for an Italian pub in the price range of £20-25, Wildwood has high customer ratings.
The Vaults is located near Café Adriatic. It is a pub with a high price range but has received bad reviews.
The Vaults serves Indian food. It is kid friendly and moderately priced.
Aromi, a coffee shop in the riverside area, is family-friendly and offers fast food., but has been rated low by customers.
The Rice Boat is located near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café. Their customer rating is a 5 out of 5 and they offer food in a cheap price range.
The Wildwood is a mid range pub serving burgers and chips.
The Rice Boat is rated 1 of 5 stars. its prices are not the cheapest but also not the most expensive. It is located near Express by Holiday Inn.
The Rice Boat is a French restaurant, not recommended for families. It is a riverside restaurant that is average-rated.
The Wrestlers offers a range of Italian food for under £20.
The Golden Palace is a cheap restaurant.
Taste of Cambridge is a restaurant  with high priced and customer rating of 1 of of 5.
The Phoenix is an expensive, yet poorly-rated English breakfast pub, located close to the city centre and the river.
Browns Cambridge has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It has a moderate price range.
Clowns is a pub located in the upper quadrant of the city.
Cotto is a  pricey French coffee shop in the riverside area near The Portland Arms. It is rated 3 out of 5.
A coffee shop named Cotto in riverside has a high customer rating and serves Fast food near The Portland Arms. However it has a price range of more than £30 a pop.
If you are in riverside and craving Chinese food, you may want to avoid The Rice Boat.  I would give the customer rating of 1 out of 5.  They only get the 1 because it is children friendly.
The Mill is an Indian coffee shop located in riverside, near The Sorrento, that is cheap.
There's an average rated Fast food named The Eagle.
The Waterman serving Japanese food near the Crowne Plaza Hotel is adult only
Browns Cambridge is near The Sorrento is the centre of the city. It is not family-friendly. It serves Italian food.
Fitzbillies is located near to Rainbow Vegetarian Café and is in the moderate price range.
Loch Fyne is near The Rice Boat and has a rating of one star.
The Rice Boat Indian Food's Indian Food is considered to be moderately priced, but with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 one would wonder, it is located in the city centre, it is not children friendly and is near the Express by Holiday Inn.
There is a Chinese restaurant called Midsummer House that is near All Bar One. It has a high price range and is rated average by customers.
Located near Café Adriatic in Riverside, Travellers Rest Beefeater has a price range of less than £20 and a low customer rating.
Near Yippee Noodle Bar, in the riverside area, is Alimentum, with Chinese food in the price Range of less than £20 and a low customer Rating.
Aromi is a coffee shop serving Indian. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is not family friendly. It is in the city centre.
Blue Spice is affordable and family friendly situated on the riverside with a rating of 5 out of 5
Located near the city centre and Express by Holiday Inn The Rice Boat is a more than £30 high customer rated kid friendly Chinese restaurant.
In the city centre near Express by Holiday Inn there is a kid friendly Chinese restaurant called The Rice Boat. They have an average customer rating and are high priced.
Blue Spice is a kid-friendly coffee shop located near Avalon in the city centre with an average cost and high ratings.
The cheap pub food at Wildwood is rated 5 stars.
The Wrestlers is a low cost coffee shop. It is by Raja Indian Cuisine, and is adult only.
Located next to the Express by Holiday Inn, The Rice Boat is a family friendly, expensive sushi restaurant.
The Olive Grove a French pub by the riverside is family friendly and has below average prices.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop. It is located in riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine. Start from low price and friend-family too.
Strada receives a 5 out of 5 rating from customers.  It has high prices and is child friendly.
The Eagle is a coffee shop serving Italian food. It is moderately priced, not kid friendly, rated 1 out of 5, and is located near Burger King at the riverside.
In Riverside is a cheap English food family friendly called The Waterman with a average rating.
Browns Cambridge is a fast food, child-friendly, restaurant in  the riverside area near The Sorrento .
There is a coffee shop that sells Fast food name Aromi,  located on the riverside with a 5 out of 5 customer rating. Yes, they are family friendly.
Near the All Bar One in the city centre a children friendly place called Green Man which serve French food and price ranging from more than £30.
There is a French restaurant called Aromi in the riverside area.
The Wrestlers offers cheap Indian Food. It is not family friendly and has an average rating.
If you are looking for Fast food near All Bar One, try Midsummer House. It is cheap and has a customer rating of average.
If you are in Riverside, near the Crowne Plaza Hotel you will find an adult French coffee shop called the Taste of Cambridge.
The Bibimbap House is a Chinese restaurant with a moderate price range. It is located in riverside near Clare Hall.
Customer ratings are high for the Browns Cambridge coffee shop serving Indian food.  This restaurant is children friendly and is located in riverside near the Crowne Plaza Hotel.
A children friendly restaurant with a high price range is called The Plough and is located near The Bakers.
There is a kids friendly coffee shop The Eagle in the city centre near Burger King. It has high customer ratings and high price range but they serve Japanese food.
The Blue Spice is a family-friendly coffee shop near Avalon in the city centre. Typically costing less than twenty pounds The Blue Spice has low customer review ratings.
Not for families, Clowns is near Café Sicilia, priced less than 20.
Zizzi is a kid friendly, fast food pub with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Plough is a kid-friendly pub serving fast food in the moderate price range. It is located near Café Rouge.
In the city centre the is a middle-priced place The Phoenix where there are great food.
With an average customer rating, and a family friendly environment, is a restaurant call The Golden Curry that offers Italian food.
This establishment offer a price range of more than £30 in the city centre area and is called Alimentum.  It is not kid friendly and serves Japanese food.
Indian restaurant Alimentum is located in the riverside area and is in the high price range. It is not children friendly.
The Twenty Two is a family orientated place with mid range prices. It's near by The Rice Boat but far from the City Centre.
The Waterman serves English food with a cheap price range. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 but it is not family-friendly. It has a cheap price range and is located in the city centre.
In riverside there is a place named The Eagle. It has an average customer rating and a high price range.
The Eagle is Moderate price coffee shop serving French food Located in city center near Burger King with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 but not children-friendly
Close to All Bar One is The Cricketers Japanese food restaurant.
Aromi is a 1 star rated coffee shop near the River not suitable for families.
The Rice Boat at Express by Holiday Inn offers good fresh British meals at very affordable prices.
The Twenty Two at the riverside, near The Rice Boat is family friendly, has a cheap price range and an average customer rating.
Browns Cambridge has a 1 out of 5 customer rating and moderately priced English food
Riverside houses Bibimbap House near Clare Hall and a Japanese restaurant with prices lower than £20.
This is an establishment that's kid friendly, named The Twenty Two, located near The Rice Boat, in the city centre area.  They offer menu items in the moderate price range but have received only a 1 out of 5 customer rating.
Blue Spice provides Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in the city centre.
The Waterman serves Japanese food, it is kid friendly and is located near to the Crowne Plaza Hotel.
The Rice Boat is located in the city centre near Express by Holiday Inn. Rated 5 out of 5 by customers, it is family friendly and has a low price range.
Blue Spice offers families affordable food in Riverside.
The Wrestlers located in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine is a coffee shop serving Indian food and is kid friendly with moderate pricing.
A Japanese restaurant near the city centre and The Rice Boat is the highly rated Loch Fyne.
Try Blue Spice in the riverside area for great Chinese food less that £20.
The Eagle is a Fast-food coffee shop located in the center of the city near Burger King. While the prices are cheap, the coffee shop is not family-friendly, although it does hold an average customer rating.
For those looking to get away from the kids, The Waterman offers French style food near the Crowne Plaza Hotel.
The Olive Grove is an inexpensive Chinese pub.  It is family friendly and located in the riverside area.
Loch Fyne, an Indian restaurant, is not family-friendly.
Loch Fyne is a child friendly restaurant that serves French food.
Browns Cambridge Very attentive. Delicious steak. Always a winner.
The Vaults is family friendly English food that is cheap in price.
Taste of Cambridge coffee shop serves Italian food in a kids friendly setting.  located near the Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area.
Browns Cambridge is a five-star pasta restaurant.
The Strada, near Yippee Noodle Bar, is a fast food restaurant.  It has a  customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Loch Fyne is a good Fast food restaurant.
A high end poorly reviewed French restaurant called The Rice Boat is found in The City Centre across from Express by Holiday Inn.
The Waterman is restaurant that serves Italian food costing more than £30.  It is located in the city centre, has a high customer rating, and is not child friendly.
Alimentum provides a cheap Indian alternative of moderate quality. Located near the Yippee Noodle Bar, Alimentum is right in the core of the city.
There is a pub Giraffe which also offers Japanese food. It is located in the city centre and is family-friendly.
The Dumpling Tree is an English restaurant with average pricing
The Phoenix is an Italian restaurant in the low price bracket.
On the riverside is the coffee shop Aromi. It serves fast food for all the family.  Aromi has a low customer rating.
a coffee shop named The Golden Palace, serves French food. they are located in city centre  with moderate price's and a 1 out of 5 rating.
The Eagle serves Italian food and has been highly rated by its customers.
Check out The Wrestlers restaurant  that is family friendly and has a great 5 star review.
There is an expensive coffee shop in the city centre that serves Italian food with an average rating called The Golden Palace.
Alimentum is a inexpensive restaurant that serves British food. It is not by the city centre. It is located by The Yippee Noodle Bar.
Alimentum in the city centre a Yippee Noodle Bar sells moderately priced fast food and has a rating of 3 out of 5.
The Cambridge Blue offers French food in a pub atmosphere. It has a great price range. All meals are priced between £20-25. You can find it by Café Brazil.
A kid-friendly Italian restaurant located near the riverside is called The Twenty Two.
The Vaults is a coffee shop with a low customer rating but offers products for less than  £20.  It is located near Café Brazil in the riverside area.
The Cricketers is a pub near Ranch. It is children friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Phoenix is a low priced  Italian restaurant located in the City centre .
The Rice Boat is a cheap price range restaurant with a customer Rating of 5 out of 5. It is near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
Loch Fyne is a  restaurant located in the city centre near The Rice Boat. It specialises in French cuisine and has an average customer rating.
Strada is the name of an English Pub near Yippee Noodle Bar. It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Cotto is a coffee shop that serves Indian food within the price range of £20-£25.  It in the city centre area near The Portland Arms.  It has a high customer rating.
A moderately priced restaurant called The Dumpling Tree serves English food.
On the riverside there is a high-rated Italian restaurant called The Phoenix.
Green Man is a swanky new place selling Italian food in a no kids allowed, high priced restaurant. Close to All Bar One on the riverside.
The Dumpling Tree is a coffee shop located near Café Sicilia in the riverside area. It has a moderate price range and it is not kid friendly.
Blue Spice is a child friendly restaurant located on the riverside. Prices are typically more than £30. Customers have rated Blue Spice 5 out of 5.
The Twenty Two is an Italian restaurant in the riverside area. It is child friendly.
With a one-star rating,  Strada serves burgers and fries at low prices.  It is located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café and welcomes families of all sizes.
An affordable and kid-friendly Indian restaurant is The Vaults.
Alimentum, near the Yippee Noodle Bar in the riverside area, serves French food in the average price range with a 3 out of 5 customer rating.
Blue Spice is a fast food restaurant in the city centre. It has a price range less than L20.
located in riverside with a a 5 out of 5 customer rating is a coffee shop called Zizzi. They have a a children Friendly environment and their price range is more than £30.
Cocum is a low rated coffee shop with a price range of more than  £30. It is not child friendly.
A high priced fast food coffee shop in the city centre near The Portland Arms which is expensive and only has a 1 out of 5 rating is called Cotto.
The Clowns is an average Italian coffee shop.  Located in the city center close to Clare Hall.
Loch Fyne is not a family-friendly restaurant. It serves English food with a price range of less than £20.
Taste of Cambridge is a kid-friendly pub located near The Sorrento in the riverside area.
Fitzbillies is a child-friendly Italian coffee shop. It is situated by the riverside, has high customer ratings and price ranges from £30.
Fitzbillies is an adult coffee shop in the riverside area. This fast food place has a moderate price range and a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a French coffee shop located in the riverside area and has a high customer rating with a price range of £20.
Near The Sorrento on the riverside is a high priced Italian coffee shop, named The Mill.
Green Man provides Chinese food in the less than £20 price range. It is located in the riverside. It is near All Bar One.
If you're looking for an adult only coffee shop, go to The Punter near Café Sicilia. It does fairly good Indian food at decent prices too.
Wildwood is a three star ranked pub in the city.
A medium-priced family friendly restaurant, Strada is rated three stars.
Wildwood serves low price fast food, has a one star rating, and is located near Ranch.
Zizzi is a family friendly 5 star pub offering wine and cheese.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop in the riverside area that sells Indian food at a moderate price, it isn't kids friendly and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
With a customer rating of 5 out of 5, the coffee shop Fitzbillies serves low-cost French food in the city centre area.  This is not a family-friendly establishment.
The Rice Boat features good but expensive Italian food that is close to the Express by Holiday Inn in the riverside area and is for adults only
There is a pub named the Cocum with a high price range. It's children-friendly and has an average customer rating.
Fitzbillies is a kids-friendly coffee shop and Indian restaurant on the side of the river which has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is moderately-priced.
The coffee shop named The Golden Palace, has average priced sea-food, they have a star rating of one and is in the city center.
The Phoenix is a restaurant located in city centre with medium prices.
Alimentum, a fast food restaurant near the Yippee Noodle Bar located in the city centre has a poor customer rating. A meal costs less than 20 pounds.
A riverside pub called The Olive Grove is kid friendly and moderately priced.
Fitzbillies is an affordable fast food place to eat near The Six Bells.
Cotto is a coffee shop in the city centre that offers fast food for cheap prices located near The Portland Arms, but has a customer low rating.
The Cricketers is located near The Portland Arms, A child friendly coffee shop selling Italian food with a rating of 1 out 5.
The Waterman is a kid friendly, English restaurant in the city centre area. It has a 3 out of 5 star rating and is moderately priced.
Near The Bakers there is a restaurant called The Plough which is kid friendly and has a price range of 20-25 pounds.
The Waterman is lowly rated in the city centre. It is family friendly and serves Chinese food for under £20.
The Punter offers Fast food with a £20-25 price range.
Zizzi is a coffee shop located down by the riverside. This is a kid friendly shop with a price range of £20-£25 and a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
A place with moderate prices is Cotto and is near All Bar One.
Aromi is a coffee shop located by the riverside serving Italian food with a customer rating of 5 out of 5. they are family friendly
Giraffe is a pub serving French food.  It is family friendly and located by the riverside
Only for adults , The Waterman is great place with low prices.
In the riverside area near the Yippee Noodle Bar is the highly customer rated Alimentum. The price range for Italian food is more than £30.
If you find yourself along the riverside,  wanting some cheap Fast food, come to the Green Man. Very family friendly, near All Bar One.
For poorly-rated Chinese food  that your children will enjoy near Ranch, Cotto is ideal.
Midsummer House offers English cuisine. They have an average customer rating and are located near Café Rouge.
Near All Bar One on the riverside is the Green Man.  They serve French food for less than £20.  It's family friendly.
A child friendly restaurant is Wildwood.
Blue Spice is a restaurant located in the riverside area, with a price range of more than £30.
With a 1-star rating, Aromi is a coffee shop that provides delicious fast food. No families allowed.
Located next door to the Yippee Noodle Bar along the Thames, Alimentum is a new three-starred restaurant that will appeal to lose fond of home grown food.
Serving fast food, The Cambridge Blue restaurant has an average customer rating.
The Wildwood is a pub that offers moderate price range of food and beverages.
The Wrestlers is a fast food restaurant with prices less than £20 and a low customer rating.
One of the best family-friendly restaurants is The Rice Boat. Although it gets average customer reviews, prices start at less than £20. You can find it in the riverside district near the Express by Holiday Inn.
If you want Japanese food for the whole family, try The Twenty Two.
The Twenty Two is a kid friendly restaurant that offers French food.
Green Man is not child friendly fast food restaurant. It is located in the city centre near All Bar One and is in the moderate price range.
The Rice Boat offers Italian food and a family-friendly atmosphere, located in the city centre, but it has a low customer rating.
The Golden Curry, a family friendly low priced breakfast joint located The Bakers.
The Waterman is a family-friendly, 1-star French restaurant with pricey food and a 1-star rating. It's located in City centre.
The Eagle is a high priced children friendly coffee shop serving Japanese food. It is located near Burger King by the riverside.
Aromi has an average rating and is located in riverside. It is family friendly and is a pub.
The Cricketers is a five star coffee shop, serving Italian food located near to The Portland Arms. Five star rating, and family friendly.
French food is served by The Golden Curry in the city centre near Café Rouge. It is family-friendly and has a average customer rating.
Near All Bar One in the riverside area is the Japanese establishment, Green Man, with prices more than L30. Children are not allowed.
The Eagle serves French food and has a 3 out of 5 customer rating.
The Waterman is an Italian pub with a low customer rating in Riverside.
For the best coffee experience, go to Clowns the coffee shop next to Clare Hall.  It is rated an impressive five stars.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is a restaurant in the moderate price range. It is located in the city centre near Café Adriatic.
The Punter is a Café Shop where fast food for the family at a good price. It is located one block from Café Sicilia.
Children friendly Blue Spice is a riverside coffee shop next to Avalon with a high price range and an average customer rating.
The Rice Boat, located in the Riverside area near the Express by Holiday Inn, is a high rated high priced establishment for around £30. It features highly rated Chinese food. However, they are not children friendly.
Find moderately priced Fast food at The Cambridge Blue, a pub near Café Brazil.
The Wrestlers not family friendly cheap serving Chinese food.
The city centre has an average customer rate at Clowns located near Clare Hall providing French food and a coffee shop.
In riverside, The Phoenix offers Chinese food. They are inexpensive and have excellent reviews.
Japanese food served at The Rice Boat has a customer rating of 5 out of 5, is cheap but not family-friendly, and is located near the Express by Holiday Inn in the city centre.
The Eagle is an English food restaurant with an average customer rating.
In the city centre a pub called The Mill which serves Italian food price ranging at a moderate level.
Green Man provides Indian food in the less than £20 price range. It is located in the city centre. It is near All Bar One.
Japanese food can be found in the city centre area at The Wrestlers coffee shop.  This average-priced option is not a good location to bring children.  This coffee shop can be found next to Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Olive Grove  is a  cheap pub serving family friendly fast food in the riverside area.
The Dumpling Tree, located near The Portland Arms, is a kids friendly pub with Chinese food.
Near the river, there is a wonderful, expensive family fast food restaurant called The Waterman.
The pub The Waterman near the riverside serves Japanese food with a customer rating of 3 out of 5
There is a restaurant at the riverside called The Golden Curry, near the Café Rouge. It's children friendly with an average customer rating and serves English food.
The Italian restaurant, Bibimbap House, is neat The Rice Boat in the center of the city.
Clowns is pub type  restaurant.  The restaurant is high.  It is located riverside.  Customer rating is average.
In the city center, Blue Spice serves low priced Italian food.
The  restaurant The Vaults serves Japanese food.
A moderate priced, kid friendly restaurant is Travellers Rest Beefeater.
Near Yippee Noodle Bar and the riverside there is a cheap Italian restaurant rated 5 out of 5, called Alimentum.
next to The Portland Arms resides a restaurant by the name of Clowns.
Near Yippee Noodle Bar, in the city centre is a French restaurant called Alimentum.  It has a moderate customer rating and its prices are average for the area.
If you're looking for a highly rated restaurant in the riverside area, then try The Golden Palace.
The venue is a child-friendly restaurant name Cocum with average reviews.
Cheap Chinese food is found at The Phoenix, near the city center. They have a one star rating.
No families are allowed at the Aromi, one star coffee shop.
In the city centre there is a restaurant called The Rice Boat which serves low cost Italian food and caters for families.  The Express by Holiday Inn is nearby.
The Mill coffee shop serves good French food at a reasonable price. It's by The Sorrento in the riverside area.
Near the Express by Holiday Inn is a cheap Indian food place called The Rice Boat. The customer rating is low, the whole family's welcome and is set on the riverside.
The Waterman is a pub providing Indian food It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
The Mill pub serves Chinese food, at a moderate price, in the city centre.
The Phoenix is a cheap Italian place with outstanding ratings in city centre.
The Plough offers French food for moderate prices. It's a pub near Café Rouge, that is kids friendly.
The Eagle is a fast food restaurant located near Burger King in city centre. It is a high rated, kid friendly coffee shop with a price range £20-25.
The Cambridge Blue restaurant.  Sushi. 5 star rating
The Waterman is a child-friendly pub located by the riverside. It provides English food at a high price range, and is rated averagely by customers.
Wildwood is a pub providing Chinese food in the £20-25 price range. Its customer rating is high.
The Waterman offers inexpensive American fare in a family friendly atmosphere and is located near the river.
The Golden Palace has a high customer service rating. It serves Fast food in the city centre. It's a coffee shop that has a price range of £20-25.
Loch Fyne is a children friendly, high priced, French restaurant.
Located by the riverside is a kid friendly restaurant named The Olive Grove.
The Eagle is a coffee shop near Burger King, at Riverside, with a price range of more than £30. Serving French food, it's not children-friendly and has low customer rating.
French food served in a coffee shop setting at The Golden Palace. Located in the riverside area. Low customer Rating for meals  £30 and more.
The Eagle is a high rated coffee shop located on the riverside near Burger King offering fast food. It has a mid-level price range and is not children friendly.
Fitzbillies is in the city center, it is a fast food high priced ranged coffee shop, that is children friendly and has a rating of 1 out of 5.
The Vaults is a pricey, three star coffee shop located near Café Brazil in City centre.
Loch Fyne is a fast food restaurant and is very child friendly,
The Waterman is rated three stars and provides sushi. It is located near the River.
Wildwood is a low priced coffee shop located next to a Ranch. They have received five out of five stars.
Alimentum, rated 1 out of 5, is a moderately priced French restaurant is located in the city centre near Yippee Noodle Bar.
1 star, English food provided at the Midsummer House close to the Café Rouge.
The Wrestlers serves English food and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a high-priced, average rated Chinese restaurant with children friendly service.
Located in Riverside is a French restaurant named The Rice Boat which got a rating of 1 out of 5 and is also kid friendly
Strada is a high price range restaurant near Rainbow Vegetarian Café. It is not a children friendly restaurant and its customer rating is high. They serve Japanese food.
Alimentum is a low priced, five star restaurant located near the river next to Yippee Noodle Bar.
If you want fine French cuisine in a family friendly atmosphere with a 5 out of 5 rating, come to the Browns Cambridge coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
The Wrestlers is a child friendly Italian restaurant with a high price range and average customer rating.
Strada is a low price restaurant  located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café that serving English food with a low customer rating  but not family-friendly
There is a cheap and average restaurant called The Rice Boat near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
Browns Cambridge is an Italian restaurant with medium prices and a three star rating.
Cotto, coffee shop located in the City Centre near The Portland Arms offers cheap Indian food and has an average customer rating.
Bibimbap House provides Chinese food in the less than £20 price range. It is located in the city centre. It is near Clare Hall.
Cheap French pub offered riverside at The Mill.
The pub called The Plough near 'Café Rouge' serves Japanese food, is cheap and very family friendly.
Low rated pub  located near Café Adriatic, The Vaults is an expensive low rated pub.
In the city centre near Yippee Noodle Bar is a restaurant named Alimentum. This Chinese restaurant has a high price range with an average customer rating.
The Wrestlers is a 5 star restaurant that serves wines and cheeses. It is high-priced but family friendly.
The Vaults is a restaurant in the high price range and serves English food  in a child friendly atmosphere.
The Aromi is a fast food coffee shop located in riverside. It is not family-friendly and has average customer rating.
If you are looking for a restaurant with high ratings and a price range of £20-25, try the Taste of Cambridge.
Fitzbillies is an adult only  restaurant providing coffee in the low price range. It is located in the City centre.
Located in the City Centre is The Waterman which does French food, and is child friendly, customer rating is 3 out of 5 and they have an average price range.
The Dumpling Tree serves  Fast food near The Portland Arms. It is children friendly pub.
Located outside the city centre is a pub called The Mill the has moderately priced menu items.
The Wrestlers is an Indian restaurant,  its price range is moderate
Serving Chinese food, The Vaults has an average price range of less than £20 and is not family friendly.
The Waterman is a pub with a five star rating located outside the city centre.
Green Man is a Japanese restaurant in riverside near All Bar One that is child friendly but is prices more than  £30.
Alimentum is a restaurant that provides high-priced foods. It is located near Yippee Noodle Bar.
The Golden Curry is an average Italian restaurant near Café Rouge in riverside. It is not family-friendly.
Cheap Italian food at Blue Spice on the riverside.
Fitzbillies serves Indian food in the price range of £20-25 conveniently located near The Six Bells.
Located near Yippee Noodle Bar on the riverfront, north of the City centre, the 5-star 'Alimentum' serves moderately-priced Japanese cuisine.
By riverside is The Mill. it is a French pub with a price range of £20-25.
The Cambridge Blue is a restaurant selling English cuisine and has a high customer rating.
A perfect pub is located near Café Sicilia. Located on riverside and called The Twenty Two.
For cheap Fast food with an average customer rating try Midsummer House near All Bar One.
Blue Spice is costly. It is located in the riverside.
With an average customer rating, The Rice Boat sells Chinese food and is located in the riverside area. It is not suitable for families.
The Waterman serves moderately priced French food in the city centre that has a low customer rating and is not child friendly.
Located near The Sorrento, The Mill coffee shop serves food and has a moderate price range.
Fitzbillies is an expensive, good quality coffee shop on the river road to enjoy with the family
The Vaults features child friendly fast food at a more than £30 price range
Near Café Sicilia is a non child friendly coffee shop with a customer rating of 3 out of 5. They are called The Punter. They have a high price range and serve Japanese food.
The twenty two, located in the city centre near, The Rice Boat. With high customer ratings, The Twenty Two has a £20 - £25 price range but is not child friendly
Near the riverside is a fast food place named The Rice Boat
On the river there is  Cheese and Winery called The Phoenix.
The Wildwood pub is moderately expensive and it has five stars.
Near Café Rouge in the city centre, The Golden Curry offers Japanese food.  It is family-friendly and has a low customer rating.
The Rice Boat is a kid friendly,  Chinese restaurant in Riverside near the Express by Holiday Inn.  It has a high customer rating, and is mid priced.
Located on the riverside, Fitzbillies is a family friendly coffee shop. With an average customer rating it offers cheap fast food.
If you're looking for a good child-friendly restaurant, try the 3 star Cocum.
An expensive fast food restaurant in Riverside called 'Blue Spice'.
For fine wine and cheeses a visit to The Phoenix is recommended , with a five star rating and not to expensive.
The Eagle serves English food with a customer rating of low.
There is an average rated coffee shop Browns Cambridge located in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel that provides Italian Food. It is not family-friendly.
Near Express by Holiday Inn is Fitzbillies, a kid friendly establishment with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and a price range of 20-25 euros.
The Vaults provides French food. It is not child-friendly, and costs more than £30.
Located near the riverside and the Browns Cambridge. We are a family friendly French restaurant called The Sorrento.
The Phoenix Indian food place is in the city centre.  It has a low rating and is priced at less than 20.
There's a cheap, family friendly coffee shop and Indian with a 5 out of 5 customer rating along the riverside called Fitzbillies.
Alimentum restaurant is in the riverside area and near Yippee Noodle Bar. It has Indian food with a high price range and low customer rating.
Loch Fyne is a child friendly restaurant which serves great English pub grub.
There is a highly rated medium-priced fast food store named Browns Cambridge.
Japanese food can be found at Bibimbap House, which is near Clare Hall and in the riverside area.  Its prices are in the range of £20 to £25.
Strada is not kid friendly customer rating is 3 out of 5 and has a price range between 20-25 euros.
Fast food in the city centre can be found the average rated pub, The Waterman.
The Golden Curry in riverside, near Café Rouge serves Indian food. It is family friendly and has a rating of 5 out of 5.
Loch Fyne serves English food and is in the riverside area. It is near The Rice Boat and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop, which serves Indian food at less than £20. Located by the riverside, it is ideal for family and friends, despite their low rating.
Located near Café Rouge and riverside, The Golden Curry is a children friendly Chinese restaurant. This establishment is known to be highly rated.
Aromi is a family-friendly riverside pub with customer rating 5 out of 5.
The Waterman Indian food restaurant offers a cheap price range food. It is customer rating goes on the average. Locate at riverside area. Children are now allowed.
Clowns is a high rated pub on the riverside with a price range of £20-25.
A pub located off the river called The Waterman pub is a few blocks north of City centre.
The Green Man is a cheap eatery located by the riverside but is not family friendly.
The Wrestlers is a highly rated English venue, with an average price tag catering to adults
Zizzi has low reviews and is a coffee shop located in city centre with a moderate price range.
The Rice Boat's price range is average but it boasts a high customer rating.  This fast food restaurant is not child friendly.  It is located in riverside, near the Express by Holiday Inn.
There is Indian restaurant with a customer rating out 1 out of 5 called The Cambridge Blue.
An Italian pub named Wildwood with high customer rating has a great menu with price range of 20 to 25 pounds.
There is a kids friendly venue near The Six Bells named The Golden Curry.
The Golden Palace is a moderately priced coffee shop near the river.
Wildwood is a coffee shop, located near Ranch. It offers Fast food  and a high price range with average customer reviews.
Located in riverside The Waterman pub fast food.
A new pub is emerging near the Café Rouge named The Plough. Not only is it a pub, but it is also a Chinese restaurant who welcomes families with a price range less than less than £20.
Strada is a pub near Yippee Noodle Bar offering French food that is well regarded by its customers.
The Waterman is a restaurant in Cambridge near the Crowne Plaza Hotel. The Waterman is not a family-style restaurant. The Waterman serves wine.
Within City centre is The Phoenix, an expensive, 1-star rated wine Café.
The Twenty Two is a child friendly venue offering Indian food.
A pub called Strada that has an average rating, sells Chinese food, and is located near Yippee Noodle Bar.
Giraffe the restaurant implores you to visit its cheap food, right next to The Six Bells.
Wildwood pub that serves pub food that has a 3 star rating and average in price range
The Cricketers is an Italian restaurant and coffee shop near The Portland Arms. It has a high customer rating and is child friendly
Loch Fyne is providing Indian food in the  price range. It is located in the city centre. It is near The Rice Boat. Its customer rating is average.
The Plough is a child friendly restaurant, located near Express by Holiday Inn.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is a restaurant that isn't children-friendly. The price range is more than £30.
The Golden Curry is a family restaurant located in City Centre near Café Rouge.  3 out of 5 customer rating.
The Punter in Riverside near The Portland Arms is reasonably priced and family friendly.
The Eagle  is a coffee shop which sells fast food of great quality at high prices. They are family friendly and can be found just east of Burger King on the River.
Boasting a customer rating of 5 out of 5, Loch Fyne serves Italian food and is located near the city centre near The Rice Boat.
In Riverside, The Phoenix is a Japanese restaurant with a moderate price range and a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
3 out of 5 is high for the coffee shop. The area by the river has the Japanese food place The Golden Palace.
The Strada is a restaurant the serves French food for £20-25. It is near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café, is kid friendly and customers gave it a 3 out of 5.
For a family-friendly restaurant serving inexpensive French food, try The Waterman in the city centre. Prices are under £20, and the restaurant has an average customer rating.
The Rice Boat rated five out of five by customers and by the riverside. It is child friendly and is near Express by Holiday Inn. It has above average prices.
The highly customer rated, child friendly coffee shop located in Riverside near Burger King called The Eagle has great Italian food and costs more than £30.
The Wrestlers provides Indian food in the less than £20 price range. Its customer rating is low.
Aromi is a city centre coffee shop offering Japanese meals. It has a low rating and does not welcome families.
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop, with an average customer review. They offer Indian food. It is located near the Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area.
A poorly rated place called The Phoenix serves English food on the riverside.
A restaurant called The Rice Boat is not family-friendly. It is located in the city centre area. It has English food and an average customer rating.
The Rice Boat is a high priced, child friendly Chinese restaurant with a 1 out of 5 rating located in the riverside area near the Express by Holiday Inn.
There's a high rated child friendly establishment on the riverside called Blue Spice that is expensive.
Yes, The Waterman is a restaurant French in the riverside  with rank 3 out of 5 that provide £20-25 range
Cheap sushi can be eaten at Fitzbillies, which is near The Six Bells
In the city centre near The Portland Arms is a moderately priced restaurant called The Punter.  It is not kid friendly.
There is a 5 out of 5 customer rated Indian pub near Yippee Noodle Bar called Strada.
Near to Café Rouge is the above-average priced pub, The Plough, serving Japanese food but not child friendly.
the kids friendly Loch Fyne restaurant serves French food prices between £20 and £25.
There is a 5 out of 5 fast food place in riverside.  It is named The Phoenix.
There is a children friendly fast food place in the riverside area named The Waterman with a price range of more than 30 pounds that received a high customer rating.
Cotto is a coffee shop located in the city centre near The Portland Arms that provides Indian food which has a low customer rating and the price range is less than £20.
In Riverside there is a family friendly Italian eatery called The Twenty Two.
In the riverside area, customers give an average rating to The Vaults, near Café Brazil. It is a coffee shop with prices less than £20.
The Phoenix is a place at the riverside that offers Japanese food for £20-25 with a rating of 3 out of 5
The Mill, in the riverside area, is a coffee shop that serves French food.  The price range is about 20 to 25 pounds and it is located near The Sorrento.
The Waterman is located near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It provides French food and is not family-friendly.
Fitzbillies is a family-friendly Japanese coffee shop located in city centre.  family-friendly with  a 3 out of 5 customer rating.
Giraffe is a awesome restaurant that's by The Six Bells and is less than 20 dollars.
There is a cheap fast food coffee shop in the city centre, Fitzbillies. It is not family-friendly and its rating is average.
Loch Fyne is a Japanese restaurant near The Rice Boat, it is at the riverside and it received a low rating from customers.
Located in the riverside area, The Rice Boat serves English food.
Alimentum  is an expensive restaurant, rated 5 stars, located in city centre near Yippee Noodle Bar.  Eat in only.
Near the Holiday Inn, Fitzbillies has a high customer rating, is near the Express by Holiday Inn and is children friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a restaurant with a high price range and an average customer rating.
At a price range of £20-25, there is a Japanese riverside pub called The Mill.
Japanese restaurant The Cambridge Blue has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge serves Japanese food near Crowne Plaza Hotel in riverside. It is a coffee shop, not family-friendly, and has a 5 out of 5 rating.
This restaurant, The Twenty Two, though not family-friendly, has an average rating and is cheap.  It is near The Rice Boat in riverside.
Blue Spice provides Japanese food by the river for under £20.
In the riverside area, there is a French coffee shop called Aromi. It has an average customer rating. It is not family-friendly.
The Cambridge Blue is a restaurant and pub which offers low priced meals. It is situated next to the Café Brazil.
Giraffe is a budget friendly coffee shop near The Bakers with a 5 star rating that is not suitable for families.
The Punter is a coffee shop offering moderately priced Indian food with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and a kid friendly atmosphere near Café Sicilia.
The Rice Boat is a cheap non family friendly Chinese restaurant, located in riverside next to the Express by Holiday Inn rated 5 out of 5.
The Waterman offers Chines food in the under £20 price range in the city centre with a low customer rating but is not family friendly.
The Rice Boat offers Fast food for kids Friendly located in riverside.
The Mill is a pub serving cheap Fast food in the riverside area.
Located near Yippee Noodle Bar by the riverside is a high priced, highly rated French restaurant named Alimentum.
The Golden Curry offers fast food for a cheap price and is found near The Bakers.
Fast food pub, Giraffe, is by the riverside, yes it's kid friendly.
For less than £20 you can eat at the coffee shop The Wrestlers. It is located in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine, is family friendly, and offers Indian food.
The Vaults is a high priced Italian restaurant that is family friendly.
Located in riverside The Twenty Two serves child friendly English food
The Mill coffee shop and French cousin and located in the riverside area near The Sorrento and offer a cheap price range
The Cambridge Blue is an English restaurant with a decent review.
Midsummer House is a 3-star place providing cheeses, wines and desserts. It is located beside Café Rouge.
Child friendly a pub called The Cricketers is located near Ranch.
Browns Cambridge was rated high and charges more than 30 pounds.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Japanese food less than £20 price range.
Strada is a highly rated low -priced kids friendly restaurant located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
A Family friendly restaurant in the riverside area is the Green Man.  It has a price rang of less than £20.
Alimentum restaurant sells English food and price range is moderate, its kids friendly and in the city centre
There is a five star fast food restaurant called The Rice Boat nearby the city centre.  It is family friendly.
The Rice Boat, located in city centre near Express by Holiday Inn, serves moderately priced Indian food rated 1 out of 5 stars.
The Waterman  is a kid friendly Italian restaurant located in riverside . It has a price range of £20-25, as well as a high customer rating.
The Plough is a kids friendly restaurant in the moderate price range located near The Bakers.
There is a fast food restaurant, Blue Spice, located in the city centre. Its price range is high.
The Plough is a child friendly, high-priced pub near Café Rouge that serves Chinese food.
Alimentum is a restaurant providing Italian food in the medium price range. It is located in the city centre, and is not child friendly.
There is an average rated, not family-friendly coffee shop located near The Portland Arms serving French food called The Cricketers.
The Waterman is a reasonably priced restaurant in the heart of the city centre. It has a friendly, family atmosphere, serves traditional English food and has an outstanding customer rating.
The Rice Boat offers Indian food at a high price range. Its customer range are on the average. Locate are riverside area, children are welcome, near to Express by Holiday Inn.
Close to Rainbow Vegetarian Café is The Rice Boat, that is highly priced and have a low customer rating.
Aromi serves French food in the city centre. This adult coffee shop has an average customer rating
The Eagle is a three-star restaurant.
Near Rainbow Vegetarian Café there is a family friendly venue called Strada that sells English food at a low price range and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
By the riverside there is a cheap pub called The Mill.
Fast food restaurant and coffee shop, Fitzbillies, located in the city centre, has an average rating and cheap prices but is not family-friendly,
With a price range of £20-25, The Wrestlers is a kid friendly French restaurant with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
You can take kids to The Vaults.  It's Japanese and costs between twenty and twenty five pounds.
Browns Cambridge is a fast food outlet with a customer rating of 5 out of 5. The food is priced above 30 pounds.
The Cambridge Blue restaurant offers a five star dining experience.
Clowns is located near Clare Hall in the riverside area; It is a coffee shop that serves French food with a five star rating.
Alimentum serves Indian food with a price range of less than £20. It is on the riverside and is family friendly.
the Alimentum at riverside serves French food costing £20 - £25 and is kids friendly
The Golden Palace coffee shop serves Indian food in a moderate price range. It is in the riverside area and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Green Man is a Japanese restaurant with a moderate price range in the riverside area. It is located near All Bar One and is kids friendly.
Near The Rice Boat, there is a low-rated riverside  French restaurant by the name of Loch Fyne.
For food costing around £30, head to The Cambridge Blue. Located near to Café Brazil this pub serves Japanese food.
Affordable Japanese restaurant, Loch Fyne, is moderately priced and geared towards adults
near The Rice Boat in the city centre is Loch Fyne fast food with average customer rating
There is a child-friendly restaurant named Alimentum in the riverside area of Cambridge, offering Japanese food in a price range of more than £30.
The Waterman is located in the city centre area and serves Italian cuisine. It has a high customer rating, a price range of £20-25 and is not child-friendly.
The Golden Curry  is a family friendly, Italian restaurant. It has been given a 5 out of 5 rating by its customers.
Blue Spice is a restaurant with a price range of less than £20 and is located by the riverside.
The Eagle is an excellent shop serving Indian fare at a low price with high ratings.  It is located in the city centre near Burger King and is not family friendly.
Located in the city centre is a child-friendly, above average priced venue called Blue Spice.  It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Cotto is a Japanese coffee shop near The Portland Arms in the city centre. Its prices range from 20 to 25 euros and it has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a highly priced coffee shop that serves Japanese food. It is not a child friendly establishment and it is located at the city centre. Fitzbillies has an average customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Zizzi is an English food serving pub which is not family-friendly and has an average customer rating.
Conveniently next to Café Rouge, visit the 3-star Midsummer House for cheese, wine, and fruit.
Fitzbillies has high priced Italian food, it is located near The Six Bells.
All Bar One is another affordable bar that sits right on the riverside near Cotto.
Alimentum sells Indian food. It has a cheap price range and its customer rating is average. It is in the riverside area near Yippee Noodle Bar.
The Golden Curry sales Italian food. It is child friendly yes. Located in the riverside area near Café Rouge. This restaurant has an average customer rating.
Blue Spice is located in the riverside and they are serving Japanese pasta.
Right above Café Rouge is the location of Cotto that serves sushi
Near Café Adriatic in the riverside, is Travellers Rest Beefeater. with fair prices and low customer ratings
Green Man is a family friendly sushi restaurant. It is higher priced and located near All Bar One.
There is a Japanese pub called Strada, near Yippee Noodle Bar, however, it has a low customer rating.
The Eagle is a Japanese coffee shop located near Burger King in the city center. It is not family-friendly and prices are less than £20. Their rating is average.
The Loch Fyne restaurant serves an English meal in a family friendly environment for under 20.
Not recommended for kids, The Waterman, is a moderately priced Italian restaurant located on the riverside. Customers have given it a rating of 3 out of 5.
Bibimbap House is a Chinese food place in riverside near the Clare Hall. It serves food priced around £20-25 per meal.
Loch Fyne is a high priced Italian restaurant, but yes, you can take kids.
The Wrestlers serving cheap Chinese food is rated 5 out of 5 by customer.
The Twenty Two is an adult only eat-in restaurant.
Alimentum offers Indian cuisine for under £20. It is located int he riverside area. Leave the kids at home.
The Loch Fyne is a 3-star restaurant conveniently located near City centre. It offers Asian cuisine and is just off the river across from The Rice Boat.
The Phoenix has a price range of less than £20. It serves Italian food in the riverside area. It has a low customer rating.
Zizzi is a kid friendly coffee shop in the riverside area, with prices in the moderate range and a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Golden Curry provides Indian food It is located in the city centre. It is near Café Rouge. Its customer rating is low.
The Phoenix has high priced fast food, with an average customer rating, located in the city centre.
There is a French restaurant in the center of the city near Express by Holiday Inn called The Rice Boat. It is not children friendly and has low customer ratings.
Browns Cambridge is a children friendly Italian restaurant near The Sorrento riverside.
Alimentum is a Chinese restaurant in the high price range with a high customer rating.  Near Yippee Noodle Bar in the city centre area.
Loch Fyne is a affordable Japanese restaurant. Not recommended for kids
The Plough is family friendly pub, serving English style food. and has a price range of less than twenty pounds. It is close to Café Rouge.
The Golden Curry serves highly rated French food but is not family-friendly.
The Golden Curry is a family friendly Italian restaurant that has an average customer rating.  It's near Café Rouge in the riverside area.
Japanese food can be found at the child friendly restaurant called Loch Fyne.
A Fast food restaurant called Loch Fyne is child Friendly.
The Waterman provides Chinese food in the £20-25 price range. It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is high.
The Plough is a Japanese-food pub with a moderately priced menu and a kid friendly environment and is located near Café Rouge.
Rated 5 out of 5, Blue Spice is a high priced coffee shop in Riverside near Avalon that is not a place for kids.
Clowns is a put with cheap prices located in city centre.  Low customer rating.
The Punter is a family friendly Indian food coffee shop near Café Sicilia. It has a moderate price and a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Phoenix is a 1 star high priced restaurant in city centre.
Rated 1 out of 5, Cocum is a pub with moderate prices. It's not kid friendly.
The Wrestlers is a good quality family restaurant. It is average priced.
The Twenty Two is a Japanese restaurant. The restaurant is situated in Riverside. This is a family friendly restaurant offering Japanese food.
The Twenty Two is a kid friendly English restaurant.
The Twenty Two is an average priced, family friendly establishment close to The Rice Boat at the riverside.
Fitzbillies is a French, moderately priced French restaurant near The Six Bells.
Located in the city centre, The Mill is a high-priced pub that serves fast food.
The Rice Boat is located in the riverside area near Express by Holiday Inn; It serves high priced Japanese food; It is family friendly and has a low customer rating.
The Wrestlers is a moderately priced family friendly Italian restaurant.
If you are near Café Rouge, check out Midsummer House.  It is an English restaurant with an average customer Rating.
Located near Clare Hall in the riverside area, Clowns is a coffee shop that received an average customer rating.
The Plough is a reasonably priced  family friendly pub that offers sushi located near Café Rouge.
Fast food on the riverside is The Phoenix with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Highly rated Fast food is served in the city centre at Midsummer House near All Bar One. its prices are reasonable.
The Vaults is a high class Japanese restaurant for adults.
There is a cheap Indian place at the riverside called The Phoenix. It has an average customer rating.
For a kid friendly Chinese restaurant try the Loch Fyne.
Located in the city centre, The Wrestlers is a moderately priced French style coffee shop. It's great for the kids, and located near the Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Mill is a coffee shop on the riverside near The Sorrento. It serves Italian food and has a moderate price range.
The children friendly fast food restaurant and coffee shop, The Wrestlers is very expensive. It is located in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine
Reasonably priced and highly rated,  Strada is a family friendly English venue, close to The Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
Along the river is a low priced pub, The Olive Grove, which caters to adults.
The Waterman Pub and Fast food near the riverside has a customer rating of 3 out of 5
Near The Bakers is a high priced establishment called The Golden Curry. OT is not kid friendly and is near The Bakers
There is a coffee shop called Blue Spice, in Riverside near Avalon,  with low customer ratings and it's expensive but child friendly.
Blue Spice is a family friendly restaurant located near the river.
Alimentum is a family friendly English restaurant in riverside with food priced less than £20.
The Punter coffee shop offers French food for adults near Café Sicilia with moderate price range and a rating of 1 out of 5.
The Waterman is Japanese and kid friendly. It is located in riverside. It is rated one star
Blue Spice is a family friendly restaurant that is situated riverside.
Near The Portland Arms in the city centre is The Punter. It has a less than £20 price range and is family-friendly.
The Waterman is a child friendly establishment that serves Italian Food. It is near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Blue Spice is located near to the outskirts of town.  It is a low cost budget facility, and is family friendly.  It is based on the outskirts of town.
Bibimbap House, located in the riverside area near Clare Hall, features Chinese food with pricing less than 20 pounds.
There is a cheap restaurant The Phoenix located in the centre of the city that provides Indian food.
The Phoenix offers Italian food at the riverside. Customers give it an average rating.
The Waterman serves moderately priced French food in the city centre that has a low customer rating and is not child friendly.
Fitzbillies provides Indian food in the moderate price range. It is near The Six Bells.
Giraffe is a pub by the riverside that serves French food,and is kid friendly.
At the riverside there is a children-friendly coffee shop called Fitzbillies. It also serves Fast food.
The Golden Curry serves Indian food with a moderate price range. It is not kid friendly and is near The Bakers.
For a family friendly pub go to the Giraffe. Great Indian cuisine, located in the city center.
The Green Man is family friendly and offers cheap Italian food. It's in the riverside area near All Bar One.
The Twenty Two is a children friendly, fast food restaurant.
Fitzbillies is a family coffee shop located at the city centre at low coast that delivers take away.
The Punter is near The Portland Arms and is non-kid friendly, moderately priced and near the city center.
The Phoenix serves Chinese food that has received a customer rating of 5 out of 5.  It is located in the city centre.
Near the Ranch, there is the Cotto, which is low rated, non-family-friendly and serves Japanese food.
Taste of Cambridge coffee Shop is located close to the Crown Plaza Hotel and is family friendly.  Taste of Cambridge coffee shop also offers pasta and wine.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop. It's not family-friendly, and has low customer ratings. It's located in the riverside by Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Aromi is a coffee shop on the riverside. It serves excellent French food with a 5 out of 5 customer rating. It is a Child-Friendly place.
Blue Spice is a cheap family friendly restaurant with high customer rating neat riverside.
There is a kids friendly restaurant Fitzbillies near Express by Holiday Inn. They are a high price range restaurant with high customer rating.
The Waterman is situated in the city centre.  Italian food is served.  Prices are £30 or more.  Children are welcome.
Strada is not a child friendly but has a high customer rating.  its price range is £20-25.
The Golden Palace is a very expensive coffee shop but it's worth the money.
Fitzbillies coffee shop that is Fast food and has a price range that is less than £20 in the city centre its family-friendly and low customer rating
The Golden Curry serves fast food. It's rated 3 out of 5 by customers, and it's kid-friendly. It's located by the riverside, near Café Rouge.
'The Rice Boat' is a French food place by the riverside near the 'Express by Holiday Inn'. It's a bit costly at over 30 pounds a meal and is not exactly child-friendly, but it does have excellent customer ratings on average.
There is a kids friendly Fast food restaurant called Loch Fyne.
The Blue Spice in riverside serves cheap English food.
When in the riverside area, try the Browns Cambridge. It's a Indian coffee shop for adults only. Located near Crowne Plaza Hotel with a customer rating of low.
Cocum is a coffee shop located a short walk away from the city centre. It is not cheap, however it also sells food and is family friendly.
A high priced, French food place, named The Waterman, is located in riverside, is child friendly and has a 3 out of 5 customer rating.
Taste of Cambridge restaurant has a high price range and customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Strada, located near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café, is a Japanese restaurant. They are moderately priced and have a high customer rating.
Near All Bar One is a low-priced restaurant called Midsummer House.
The Waterman is a moderately priced restaurant in the city centre. They serve Italian food and they have high customer rating.
Fitzbillies is a restaurant providing Italian food. It is located in the city centre. There is a cheap restaurant Fitzbillies located near The Six Bells.
For less than £20, adults can eat The Plough pub near Café Rouge.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the Riverside area. This is not a family-friendly location with a low customer rating.
A moderately  priced Japanese restaurant near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café which has a 1 out of 5 rating and isn't child friendly is called Strada.
There is a average priced coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine called The Wrestlers.
The Dumpling Tree is a cheap Fast food restaurant.
Japanese food can be found at the The Waterman, in the city centre. The establishment has a 3 out of 5 rating, welcomes kids, and is decently priced.
The Eagle is an Italian restaurant that sells good quality food. It is located in the City center.
Cocum, a French coffee shop is low priced and not family-friendly. It is rated low.
If you're near Café Rouge and looking for a family-friendly, inexpensive French pub, then The Plough is the place to go.
The Eagle is a family oriented restaurant on the northern end of City centre.  It is a moderately priced coffee shop located near Burger King.
The Wrestlers coffee shop has Indian food at cheap prices. It is located in Riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine.
Fitzbillies serves French food that ranges less than 20. This place is near The Six Bells.
Browns Cambridge is a highly rated French coffee shop that offers a family friendly atmosphere. They are located near the Crowne Plaza Hotel in Riverside.
Green Man is a family friendly English restaurant within the  £20 price range in riverside near All Bar One.
The Plough, near Café Rouge, is a fast food restaurant offering pub fare.  It's in the high price range and is not child friendly.
the Bibimbap House near Clare Hall by the riverside is a moderately priced English restaurant
The Eagle is a high cost fast food child friendly coffee shop  in the riverside area near Burger King with low  customer rating
If you are in the riverside area I recommend going to Alimentum which is a fast food restaurant that cost less than £20 and is family friendly
The Eagle is a cheap coffee shop that also serves Fast food. It is located in the city centre near a Burger King. Customers rate it a 5 out of 5. It is not family-friendly.
The Golden Curry Chinese food restaurant is near Café Rouge in the riverside area and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 and is not family friendly.
An expensive  sushi restaurant called The Phoenix has a 3 out of 5 star rating. It is located by the river.
Alimentum provides Chinese food in the high price range. It is located in the city centre.
Blue Spice is non-kid friendly establishment in Riverside. They have 3 stars and prices ranging from 20-25 pounds.
Midsummer House is a Indian food restaurant with a high price range and average customer ratings near All Bar One.
Near The Sorrento along the riverside is a kid friendly, and French cuisine called Browns Cambridge.
The Mill is a coffee shop that serves Japanese Food.  It has a price range of more than £30 and is located in the city centre ,near The Sorrento.
The Waterman is just 2 minutes walk from the River Cam in the heart of the historic city of Cambridge.
Fitzbillies is a restaurant British offers meals at low prices and is located in the city center.,there The Six Bells It provides fast foods at a reduced price
Located in the city centre, The Waterman serves French food. It is not child-friendly, has a low customer rating, and is in a price range higher than £30.
The Golden Curry is an Indian restaurant that is kid friendly and has an average customer rating.
The Golden Curry is near Café Rouge. It is child friendly and serves English food and has an average customer rating.
Browns Cambridge is a Chinese restaurant with a moderate price range with a 3 out of 5 customer rating
Alimentum is a riverside restaurant near Yippee Noodle Bar offering Indian food for less than  £20 with a low customer rating.
Browns Cambridge is a place on the rivers banks next to Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Fitzbillies is a children friendly place located near the Express by Holiday Inn with high price range and low customer rating.
The Eagle is a 5 star coffee shop located next to Burger King. The Eagle is family safe.
Fitzbillies is an Indian restaurant with high price range. It is located near The Six Bells
A moderate priced range restaurant is The Golden Palace.
There is a coffee shop at the riverside called Fitzbillies. It serves food in  average prices and has been rated average. The coffee shop does not welcome children.
The Eagle is a coffee shop serving Indian food in the cheap price range with average customer ratings in the riverside area near Burger King and is family friendly.
The Japanese restaurant The Dumpling Tree has a moderate price range.
The Phoenix is a restaurant located in riverside offering Chinese food and having a rating 5 out of 5
Wildwood is a restaurant, near Café Rouge. It has a low customer rating.
English food in Browns Cambridge,near The Sorrento in riverside area, yes family friendly
The Phoenix has high priced French food with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 in riverside
You will spend more than £30 at the French pub The Mill, in riverside.
The Rice Boat is an Italian restaurant in the riverside area near Express by Holiday Inn.  It is kid friendly and gets 3 out of 5 on customer ratings.  Prices are moderate.
Fitzbillies is a French coffee shop located in the city centre. It has an average customer rating offering prices less than £20. It is family-friendly.
French cuisine, city centre pub the Green Man is located near Café Rouge.
The Golden Curry is a family friendly Chinese place with an average customer rating.
The Eagle is a moderate priced, kid friendly coffee shop. Located in the city centre near Burger King, this fast food coffee shop has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
If you are near Café Brazil, go visit The Cambridge Blue. A recently opened pub with English food and our prices are moderate.
A pub called Clowns is within a cheap price range with a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is located by the riverside area,
The Phoenix a Chinese food restaurant was rated one out of five stars with customers in Riverside.
The Punter, a French coffee shop near Café Sicilia, is not only not children friendly, but also has a low customer rating along with a price range more than £30.
Rated at 3 out of 5 the Cocum is a children friendly pub with high prices.
The Rice Boat is rated 1 out of 5 and serves moderate priced Indian food. It is not kid friendly and located in the riverside area near the Express by Holiday Inn.
The Rice Boat offers moderately priced Indian food in an adults only environment. Located in the riverside area, right by Express by Holiday Inn. Rated at 3 out of 5.
Luton based Blue Spice serves Italian food at mid-range prices.
Fitzbillies offers Italian food less than £20. It is located near The Six Bells.
Near Raja Indian Cuisine at riverside there is a coffee shop called The Wrestlers which provides fast food. It has a price range of £20-25 and is kids friendly.
Blue Spice has a low customer rating, prices are more than £30. It is in the area of city centre and is child friendly.
There is a highly rated Italian coffee shop in the Riverside area that cost more then more than £30.  It is called The Golden Palace.
Alimentum, a reasonably dear 1 stat restaurant, located next to Yippee Noodle Bar
Highly rated  cheap Indian food for the whole family and coffee at Cocum
Located near All Bar One is a Japanese food place called Midsummer House. The customer rating is average and the price range is less than £20.
Near The Rice Boat in the city centre is The Twenty Two. A non family-friendly cheap restaurant with a 5 out of 5 rating.
A restaurant, Strada has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
At riverside near Avalon there is a coffee shop called Blue Spice which is moderately-priced. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5 and it is kids friendly.
The Waterman serves Japanese food. It is a kid friendly restaurant, moderately priced with a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is located near the city centre.
Located in the riverside area is an adult coffee shop called Aromi. It serves Italian food and has low customer ratings.
The Eagle is an expensive family friendly coffee shop, by the side of the river and just down the road from Burger King.
Giraffe is a kid friendly coffee shop near The Bakers rated 3 out of 5 and costing 20-25.
If you are looking for a nice restaurant, with meals starting between £20-25, then I would recommend The Golden Palace.
Aromi has a customer service rating of average and is a children friendly pub by the riverside.
The Plough is a cheap pub of English food and family friendly near Café Rouge.
Alimentum is a Chinese restaurant located in the city centre near Yippee Noodle Bar that has a low customer rating and the price range is less than £20.
Bibimbap House near Clare Hall serves an English food with high price range located at the riverside.
Fitzbillies is in the center of the city. It serves Japanese food, has an average customer rating, and food is cheap. It is a family-friendly coffee shop.
The Waterman is by the riverside, rated 3 out of 5, moderately priced, serving fast food. It is not a kid friendly place.
The Waterman riverside  fast food has a moderate price range, 1 out of 5 star rating and is kid-friendly.
The Waterman area has a high price range, a customer rating of 1 out of 5, the children are friendly, and the food is English.
Browns Cambridge is not a family friendly pub, located by The Sorrento, outside of the city centre.
A cheap fast food restaurant in the city centre is The Phoenix.  It is not very good.
On the riverside, there is a fast food restaurant Aromi.
If a kid friendly coffee shop serving French food is what you're looking for, you may want to try The Cricketers. It's located next to The Portland Arms and has a 1 out of 5 customer rating.
With a customer rating of one out of five, Cotto is a coffee shop serving Italian food near The Portland Arms. Cotto offers a moderate price range and is located by the riverside.
Rated 3 out of 5, The Eagle is a Japanese coffee shop located near the Burger King. Price range : £20-25.  Kid Friendly
There is an Indian restaurant in the city centre called The Rice Boat.
The Plough is a children friendly pub that serves Italian food for more than £30 and is near Café Rouge
The Waterman restaurant serves Italian food and is kids-Friendly. It's located neat the Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Midsummer House has a customer rating of 1 out 5.  It serves Chinese food within a high price range and is located near to All Bar One.
With a price range of more than £30, highly customer rated Midsummer House, near All Bar One, serves Chinese food.
The Alimentum is a cheap Chinese restaurant in City Centre.
The Rice Boat is located in the riverside area. This kid friendly venue offers Japanese food and has received a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café is a place by the name of The Rice Boat. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5, and has a price range of high.
The Cotto is a restaurant near Ranch English people rating 3 out of 5, kids friendly yes
Bibimbap House in riverside near Clare Hall has a high price range for a fast food restaurant.
Strada is a family Friendly Fast food restaurant near Rainbow Vegetarian Café. It has a customer rating of 5 our of 5 and is cheap in price.
The Rice Boat, near Express by Holiday Inn, is a cheaply priced family-friendly venue with low customer ratings.
The Punter is more than £30 and children friendly. It is near The Portland Arms in the centre of the city.
Looking for a coffee shop that is by the river near Crowne Plaza Hotel that is family friendly and has a customer rating that is average Browns Cambridge is the place your looking for.
The Waterman is a Chinese food restaurant with a price range of less than £20. It is family friendly with a low customer rating and found in the city centre area.
The Wrestlers is a moderately cheap coffee shop located in the area of Riverside, near the Raja Indian Cuisine. Fast food is sold there and the staff are friendly.
There is a kid friendly Indian restaurant Browns Cambridge located riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel with a customer rating of 1 out of 5
Loch Fyne is a fast-food restaurant in the city centre area near The Rice Boat.  It receives an average rating from customers.
The Dumpling Tree pub near The Portland Arms has Italian food and is kid friendly.
You can find a restaurant named Green Man in the riverside area.
The pub in river side called The Waterman that has Fast food and is rated 5.
The Twenty Two in the riverside area has Fast food and is children Friendly.
Wildwood is not a family-friendly restaurant.
The Rice Boat is an Indian restaurant with dishes costing more than 30 pounds and a high customer rating. It is located in the city centre near Express by Holiday Inn and is not children friendly.
The pub, The Plough, is a family friendly restaurant that serves mid ranged priced meals and is located close to Café Rouge.
The Phoenix has English food, a high price range, a customer rating of one out of five, and is in the city centre.
Blue Spice is a kids friendly restaurant in the city centre, with an average customer rating of three out of five. It offers food at an affordable rate of £20 - £25.
The Waterman is a non child friendly Italian food venue in the city centre. It has a high customer rating and the price range is more than £30.
For English food and child friendly, try Strada near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café.  It's moderate though.  Only has a rating of 3 out of 5.
The Golden Curry offers up kid-friendly Indian cuisine with a 1 out of 5 customer rating.
The Eagle, located near Burger King and the Riverside, is a high priced, high quality coffee shop that provides Sushi. It is family friendly.
The Phoenix provides Indian food in the moderate price range. It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
The Rice Boat is a medium priced sushi restaurant that is north of the city centre and family friendly. It is close to the Express by Holiday Inn
Blue Spice is a restaurant that serves Italian food in the riverside area, for more than £30
Low cost coffee shop Cocum has a low customer rating and is family friendly.
There is a Japanese restaurant called The Vaults which is moderately priced but not suitable for families with children.
A kid friendly pub with a high customer rating called Cocum serves for £20-25.
By the river is a nice pub called The Mill that is low priced.
The Phoenix is a highly rated, moderately priced Chinese restaurant in riverside.
A Japanese pub called The Cambridge Blue, with high prices, is located near Café Brazil.
There is an English food place near Yippee Noodle Bar, by the river, called Alimentum. It has a cheap price range and an average customer rating.
Clowns has a low price Range with a kids-friendly atmosphere.  It is located near Café Sicilia.
Browns Cambridge is not family friendly but is near The Sorrento.
The Strada pub, near the Yippee Noodle Bar, serves Italian food. It has average customer rating.
Bibimbap House has Indian food and is in the riverside area near The Rice Boat.
The Mill is an Indian pub near the riverside with prices more than £30.
The Green Man, near All Bar One in the Riverside area, is a moderately-priced restaurant geared towards adults.
Located at the riverside near Clare Hall, The average priced Bibimbap House serves Japanese food.
The Dumpling Tree is a kids friendly Italian pub near The Portland Arms.
Cotto is a coffee shop near The Portland Arms in city centre. It offers fast food with price less than £20. It is rated low by the customers.
Cocum restaurant that has a 1 star rating and not family friendly
There's a new place called The Wrestlers , where you can enjoy a variety of food on their menu .
Alimentum is a Chinese food ; the price is moderate and it's in area centre.
Near the riverside area and the Crowne Plaza Hotel is Taste of Cambridge, a children friendly coffee shop that serves Italian food.
The pub with low customer ratings is called The Waterman. It's located near the river and serves French food.
There is a Japanese coffee shop named Cocum. It is not child friendly. It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5. The price range is high.
Located in the city centre, The Waterman is a child friendly Japanese restaurant. 3 out of 5 stars, expensive.
Loch Fyne  is near The Rice Boat  provides Italian  food near the riverside customer rating of 1 out of 5
With a rating 5 out of 5 and family-friendly, The Rice Boat is a French venue in the city centre.
Alimentum is a cheap English restaurant in the city centre, near Yippee Noodle Bar, with an average customer rating.
There is  a venue, rated 3 out 5 that is high priced and not children friendly, in riverside near The Rice Boat called The Twenty Two.
Near The Portland Arms is a coffee shop that serves Italian food with moderate price range and customer rating of a 1 out of 5 called Cotto.
The restaurant Taste of Cambridge has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and a moderate price range.
The Waterman is in the city centre. It is a Chinese restaurant that allows children, is moderately priced and has an average rating.
The Giraffe is a coffee shop with good reviews.  It caters to families and is highly rated.  It is expensive.  Its located near The Bakers.
Cocum is a pub with a cheap range of prices. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 and is not family-friendly.
Strada, a pub near Yippee Noodle Bar serves Japanese food. It has an average customer rating.
Near The Portland Arms is, The Dumpling Tree. A family friendly pub serving Indian food.
Giraffe is a family friendly pub in riverside, it serves Japanese food.
Crowne Plaza Hotel is a family friendly coffee shop that serves Italian food and has an average customer rating.  It is in Browns Cambridge near the riverside.
Alimentum is located beside Yippee Noodle Bar at the end of the city. It is a high end dine in restaurant for all.
The Plough is a family-friendly restaurant near the Express by Holiday Inn Hotel.
Strada provides Chinese food in the cheap price range. It is near Rainbow Vegetarian Café. Its customer rating is average.
There is a family-friendly place serving affordable food in the city centre. It is called Blue Spice and has received excellent customer rating.
Blue Spice, a child-friendly, riverside restaurant, located near Avalon, has a 5 out of 5 rating and
Located close to an university, Cocum is an average-priced coffee shop that is also family friendly. It has low rating given by costumers.
With a customer rating of 5 out of 5 and meals starting at 30 pounds and up, Blue Spice is a coffee shop that is children friendly. It is located in the city centre near Avalon.
A restaurant within the price range of £20-25 is Travellers Rest Beefeater, located near Café Adriatic in the city centre. It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Giraffe is a restaurant near The Six Bells with a price range of £20-25.
There is a 1 out of 5 rated coffee shop near Café Sicilia called The Punter that has moderately priced Japanese food but not kid friendly.
Aromi is a Japanese coffee shop that's kid friendly in the riverside area with a rating of 1 out of 5.
The Phoenix is a fast food restaurant in the Riverside Area with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Golden Curry is a restaurant that you can visit. It's non-familiar place, a cheap site but close to The Bakers. Visit us.
A moderately priced kid friendly coffee shop near Café Sicilian, The Dumpling Tree is located in the riverside area.
The Plough It is a family pub with a delicious sushi, located near Café Rouge
Located by the Riverside, The Eagles has a price range of less than 20 euros and has a low customer rating.
The Vaults is a high-priced restaurant located near Café Adriatic. This pub-style eatery rates 3 out of 5.
The Vaults is a pub near Café Adriatic with a high customer rating and prices over £30.
The Mill is a moderately priced English pub located in the city centre.
Loch Fyne, which serves English food, can be found near The Rice Boat on the riverside, although it does have a low customer rating.
The Golden Palace coffee shop serves Japanese food in the less than £20 price range in the city centre and has an average customer rating
Loch Fyne is a Indian restaurant with moderate pricing.
In the city centre near Express by Holiday Inn there is a family friendly restaurant called The Rice Boat which offers top quality food at a low price.
The Taste of Cambridge is a restaurant with a  price range of less than £20. The customer ratings are average.
The Rice Boat is a one star, family friendly restaurant located near the river.
Strada is a 5 star bar serving tea and crumpets near Yippee Noodle Bar.
Green Man is a cheap family friendly place that provides French  and is located by the riverside close to All Bar One.
Alimentum is a low-priced restaurant located near the river near Yippee Noodle Bar.
Green Man is an adult location that serves low-cost, British food in the City centre area.  It can be found near the All Bar One.
In the city centre, near All Bar One, there is a Japanese food restaurant called Green Man. It is not children friendly, and the price range is more than 30 pounds.
It gets low ratings, but Loch Fyne is a French restaurant near The Rice Boat in the city centre.
The Waterman in the city centre offers cheap French food. It is not family-friendly and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Olive Grove is a city centre Indian pub. They're not family friendly and it is high priced.
The Golden Curry is a low rated Chinese restaurant in Riverside.  It is near Café Rouge and is not family friendly.
The Twenty Two pub is located close to Café Sicilia.
Located near Café Rouge in the riverside area is family friendly The Golden Curry offering Chinese food and it has an average customer rating.
A children friendly pub called The Olive Grove is located near the riverside and is in the over £30 price range.
The Mill is a high priced Indian coffee shop. Located near The Sorrento in the city centre.
The Phoenix is a Chinese restaurant with 5 out of 5 customer rate, located in the city centre.
In the city centre there is a family-friendly French coffee shop called Aromi that has an average customer rating.
Near the riverside is a high rated restaurant. Its prices range from £20-25. The Phoenix serves Fast food.
The Phoenix is an Indian restaurant in the less than £20 price range with a low customer rating. it is located in the riverside area.
The Phoenix is an average place near the city river.
The Dumpling Tree pub near The Portland Arms serves English food and is kid friendly.
The Waterman is a children-friendly, high rated Italian restaurant with a price range more than £30 and is located in the city centre
Loch Fyne restaurant serves food for £30 it's child friendly and English
The Cambridge Blue is a fast food restaurant rated 3 out of 5 by its customers.
Alimentum has Indian food with high price and 1 out of 5 customer rating in city center near Yippee Noodle Bar
The English pub Zizzi is kid friendly and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
There is a family friendly restaurant with a price range of less than £20 called Travellers Rest Beefeater.
In the riverside area near Café Rouge is The Golden Curry. The Golden Curry is a family friendly Café serving fast food. They have a low customer rating.
Located near the Express by Holiday Inn Fitzbillies has a customer ranging of 5 out of 5 and is a child friendly restaurant. Fitzbillies has an average price range of more than £30.
A Japanese restaurant near All Bar One is The Cricketers.
The Rice Boat is an Italian restaurant in the riverside area that is not family-friendly and has a low customer rating.
The Mill is a cheap coffee shop near The Sorrento, right next to the city river.
beans and eggs at the riverside The Waterman offers low priced breakfasts.
The Golden Curry offers kids friendly atmosphere and good English food. Customer ratings 3 out of 5.
Loch Fyne is a very expensive restaurant. It is also family friendly.
Located in the center of the city, The Rice Boat provides Japanese food, has an average customer Rating, and is not family-Friendly.
An average priced but low rated Chinese place that allows kids in the city centre is The Waterman.
Midsummer House provides Chinese food in the cheap price range. It is near All Bar One. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
In the Riverside area is a Japanese coffee shop with a 5 out of 5 rating and cheap prices called Fitzbillies.  It is family friendly.
The Zizzi is a three star rated pub, that is family friendly.
The Indian coffee shop The Mill is near The Sorrento in the riverside area and has a moderate price range.
Fitzbillies is an Italian coffee shop. The shop has cheap prices, is family friendly, and located in Riverside.
Fitzbillies serves English food for less than  £20.  It is located near The Six Bells.
The is a low-priced place The Punter where there are fresh meal such as sushi to taste.
The Waterman has Japanese food with a price range of more than £30 and a 5 out of 5 customer rating.  it is in the riverside area and is children friendly.
A high priced, riverside pub, The Mill, has English food.
Strada is a Japanese Pub with a high customer rating.  It is near Yippee Noodle Bar.
In city centre, Alimentum serves Japanese food for more than £30 and is not child friendly.
Fitzbillies is a moderately priced low rated coffee shop located in the city centre serving Italian food. This is not a child friendly coffee shop.
The Olive Grove is a family friendly pub. They serve fast food along the river side with a lovely view. The average cost is less than £20 which is amazing for all the family to have a bite to eat with a fantastic view.
The Olive Grove is a pub that offers entries in a costly price range.
The Golden Curry is an Italian venue in the city centre near Café Rouge. It is family-friendly and has a great customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Golden Palace located in Riverside offers great Indian food at a reasonable price.
The Golden Curry,  a French restaurant,  with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 is family friendly.
Loch Fyne is located on the river near The Rice Boat. It has a 1 star rating and serves Indian food.
Midsummer House is located right near All Bar One, highly rated, and is reasonable in price.
Browns Cambridge offers English food and provides  a children friendly environment, located near The Sorrento, riverside area.
Loch Fyne is a Chinese restaurant in the less than £20 price range but is not family friendly.
The Rice Boat is a moderately-priced fast-food restaurant in a riverside area near the Express by Holiday Inn hotel.
A riverside Blue Spice has a high customer rating due to its low price of started meal £35 and child friendly environment.
The Olive Grove is a pub that offer Japanese food in the city centre. It is not child friendly and the is in the price range of more than £30.
Cheap riverside restaurant, The Twenty Two, is located near The Rice Boat. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 and is not child friendly.
Loch Fyne is an Indian restaurant. it id high priced.
sushi plates at Fitzbillies coffee shop rated 1 star located on the river is family friendly.
The Rice Boat is a moderately rated family restaurant serving fast food near the river.
There is a  family friendly coffee shop in the low price range. It is located in the riverside area near Avalon and it is called Blue Spice.
There's a Japanese coffee shop named Browns Cambridge, located in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is family-friendly and has a 5 out of 5 rating.
Fitzbillies is family friendly cheap eats with a rating of 5 out of 5 and can be found near Express by Holiday Inn.
The Giraffe is a family friendly coffee shop located near The Bakers has a cheap price range and an average customer rating.
The Rice Boat is an adult oriented Italian restaurant located in Riverside with a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
An Italian coffee shop called Fitzbillies is not family-friendly, priced cheap and near the city centre. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge is a fast food eatery near The Sorrento in the city centre. They are family-friendly.
Blue Spice is a cheap, non-family-friendly restaurant in riverside. It has a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
No, the Japanese restaurant The Waterman in the riverside price less than 20, its not average
Cocum coffee shop features a high cost with a 1 out of 5 star rating. They are family friendly.
Wildwood is a high priced coffee shop near Ranch. They serve French food that has a rating of 3 out of 5 stars.
The Rice Boat is in the city centre near Express by Holiday Inn serving cheap Chinese food with a 5 out of 5 rating.
Go to City Centre, to Aromi, a coveted Japanese coffee Shop not for kids.  Go after work to get your average coffee fix and mimic the 24-hour worker syndrome.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is cheap and rated 3 of 5 stars. It is on the riverside and by the Café Adriatic.
Not kid friendly:  Green Man serves  up French food.  It's near All Bar One at a moderate price range in the Riverside Area.
The Twenty Two is a family-friendly restaurant, serving French food. It is located at the centre of the city.
In a riverside setting, Alimentum is a child friendly Italian restaurant in the mid price range.
The Twenty Two is a fast food restaurant located near the river. However, bear in mind that the restaurant is not family appropriate.
The Clowns coffee shop sells great Italian food at high prices, but the food is of the best quality. The Clowns coffee shop can be found next to the river across from Clare Hall.
The Golden Curry is a family friendly venue that sells English food for less than £20 near  The Bakers.
The Eagle is a low-priced, 1-star rated, kid friendly coffee shop that serves food, near Burger King by the river.
The Plough pub is located next to Café Rouge. Come join other adults for fine Asian cuisine at low prices.
Alimentum providing Japanese Food. It is located in city center near Yippee Noodle Bar. 3 out of 5 Costumer rating.
The Wrestlers is a child friendly Japanese restaurant in the high price range. It has a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
The highly rated restaurant, The Eagle, serves Italian food.
Located in the City centre near Yippee Noodle Bar, is the high priced, 5 star restaurant called The Alimentum.
The Wildwood is a cheap, fast food, pub style eatery with an average customer rating.
Browns Cambridge near The Sorrento, riverside is children friendly providing English food
Wildwood, a coffee shop and more located near Ranch.
Midsummer House is close to Café Rouge. It offers Japanese cuisine and has a high customer rating.
There is a cheap  coffee shop The Wrestlers  located in the centre of the city by the not family friend Raja Indian Cuisine that provides Indian Food at less then less than £20.
The Eagle is located in the Riverside area. It has a price range that exceeds £30 with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Clowns is a pub in the city centre with a customer rating of 3 out of 5. The price range is between £20-£25.
Alimentum is a  restaurant providing Italian food in the cheap price range. It is located in the Riverside area near Yippee Noodle Bar that customers rate 5 out of 5.
The Blue Spice located in the city centre has a cheap price list, great customer reviews of 5 out of 5 but does not cater for children .
With a high customer rating and medium priced range The Phoenix which is located next to the river serves up English food.
family-friendly Italian restaurant, The Green Man, situated next to the All Bar One in the bustling city center. Offers great variety and value for money.
Located in Riverside, the Blue Spice restaurant offers quality Indian food at higher prices.
The Twenty Two provides Chinese food It is located in the riverside.
Mid-priced but highly rated, The Eagle coffee shop is a great place to eat Italian food with your kids. It is located near the Burger King in the city centre.
Cocum is a kid-friendly coffee shop.  It is in the low price range.
A Japanese coffee shop called The Punter is situated near Café Sicilia. High customer ratings and a little pricey at £20-£25, not child friendly.
There is a one star restaurant in Cambridge that sells American-style take away food, called The Cambridge Blue.
Cotto coffee shop is located near The Portland Arms.  It is in the average price range.
Midsummer House is rated low, serves moderately priced Indian food near All Bar One.
The Cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop near The Portland Arms. It has a low customer rating.
The Mill is a cheap pub that serves food and beverages.
Fitzbillies is average priced family coffee shop with low customer rating.
Bibimbap House is near Clare Hall in Riverside.  They are cheap and serve Italian food.
For £20-25 there is a French food restaurant called The Punter.
Although not family-friendly, The Wrestlers serves cheap Chinese food rated 5 out of 5.
The Wildwood pub is a decent choice. Although their prices are quite high and the customer ratings are average, I really like their Italian food options.
With a 3 out of 5 customer rating, Alimentum is a restaurant that serves English food. It is in the area of Riverside near Yippee Noodle Bar and is in the moderate price range.
Strada, located near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café serves French cuisine at prices starting from £30. This children friendly establishment has been rated 5 out of 5 by previous customers.
There's a child friendly restaurant called Loch Fyne that serves English food for £30
Travellers Rest Beefeater has a low customer rating and is moderately priced.  It is located in riverside near Café Adriatic.
Green Man is an English pub located on the riverside near Café Rouge.
The Dumpling Tree is a non kid friendly coffee shop near Café Sicilia in the city centre, with prices ranging more than £30.
This coffee shop says yes to families, situated near the city centre is called Blue Spice. Its customer reviews are 5 out of 5 with a price list of more than £30, close to Avalon.
Near Café Rouge in the city centre is The Golden Curry serving Italian food. They have a 5 out of 5 customer rating and are family-friendly.
Located in the outskirts of the city centre, Blue Spice is a moderately-priced restaurant.
Alimentum is a family friendly restaurant. They offer meals which cost a considerable amount of money.
The Golden Palace is located just north of the City Centre, and is a premium coffee shop with low satisfactory value.
The Phoenix is an Italian restaurant with a 3 out of 5 rating located in riverside.
There is a pub serving Chinese food, Zizzi, that is family friendly and has low customer rating.
Near Café Adriatic try a pub called The Vaults. It has a high price range and a customer rating 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is high-priced and children friendly with a customer rating of 3 out of 5. it is located near Express by Holiday Inn
The Waterman serves Japanese food in the riverside area. It is kid friendly moderately priced and rates 1 out of 5 stars
Cocum coffee shop a Japanese coffee shop for adults with moderate pricing and low customer ratings.
There is a family friendly Japanese coffee shop The Wrestlers with a price range of less than  £20 near Raja Indian Cuisine in Riverside.
There is a venue at the riverside that serves Italian food. It is called The Rice Boat.
There is a highly rated, child friendly restaurant on the riverside near The Rice Boat. It is called The Twenty Two and costs over £30
Giraffe is an Italian Pub located by the riverside that is family friendly.
Strada provides Chinese food in the £20-25 price range. It is near Rainbow Vegetarian Café. Its customer rating is high.
The Phoenix is a Japanese restaurant in the Riverside area with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The highly priced adult oriented restaurant Green Man is located in the city centre.
Zizzi is a pub providing fast food. have 5 out of 5 costumer rating.
The Cricketers coffee shop and Indian restaurant is customer Rated 5 out of 5, adults only and is near The Portland Arms.
The Punter, is restaurant more than £30
There is a pub with a price range of £20-£25 called Wildwood that serves French food
There is a 3 star £20-25 pub in riverside.  It is named Clowns.
The Vaults is a kids friendly Chinese restaurant. The food featured is in a moderate price range.
Loch Fyne is a restaurant that serves Indian food at a high price range and is kid friendly.
Midsummer House near All Bar One is rated one out of five by customers. They serve expensive Indian food.
Near Café Rouge its located a low-cost restaurant called The Plough
Blue Spice rated low is a coffee shop near Avalon in the riverside. Its price range is less than £20 but not suitable for family.
For Italian food there is The Phoenix.  It has 3 out of 5 stars and is located  in the city centre.
Alimentum is in the more than £30 price range.  It is a French restaurant in riverside near Yippee Noodle Bar.
Zizzi is a family-friendly coffee shop located in riverside with an average rating and prices less than £20.
A pub in Riverside called The Olive Grove is  kids friendly and has a moderate price range
A highly rated place to buy Chinese food is The Golden Curry. Described as children friendly, it is suitable for children to visit. Overall, customer rating for The Golden Curry is high.
The Phoenix provides Indian food It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is low.
The Waterman is a high quality, authentic French style pub located in the city centre.
The Waterman is a moderately priced fast food establishment in the city centre. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and is not kids friendly.
The Waterman is in the city centre with an average rating, serving French food for less than £20. They aren't family-friendly.
The Plough is a children friendly pub near Café Rouge in the £30 offering Japanese food.
The Twenty Two near The Rice Boat, Riverside, is a kid friendly, moderate price ranged eatery with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Rice Boat, located near Express by Holiday Inn, is a medium-priced restaurant, that serves burgers and chips.
Loch Fyne is a moderate-priced and kids-friendly restaurant that providing Fast food.
The Rice Boat on the riverside is a family friendly restaurant that serves French food and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Waterman gets average ratings, but is kid friendly and moderately priced. The restaurant serves English food and is located in the riverside area.
This Italian food restaurant in riverside, names The Eagle, located near Burger King. Prices ranging from £20-25 has a high rating and is kids Friendly.
Near riverside is Aromi, a children friendly pub with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Loch Fyne is a restaurant providing Indian food in the less than £20 price range.
Wildwood is a coffee shop that also sells Fast food that sells for a price range of  £20-25 and is located near Ranch. This has a customer rating of high.
Located near The Sorrento is a kids friendly restaurant named Browns Cambridge that serves Chinese food in riverside.
Low rated, The Golden Palace, is a coffee shop that offers fast food for less than 20. It is located on the riverside.
The Waterman is known to provide high quality Italian eats in a family friendly environment.
The Dumpling Tree in Cambridge, close to The Portland Arms, sells burgers, chips and drinks. No children are allowed.
The Waterman is not a kid friendly restaurant, but it has an average price of 20-25 and has an high customer rating.  It is a Chinese restaurant located in the riverside area.
The Golden Palace  is a French food. It cost more than £30. It located near riverside. Customer rating of it is low. It's a coffee shop.
Cocum is a family friendly pub with a low customer rating. its price range is less than 20 Euros.
The Eagle has a high price range, an average customer rating and is located by the riverside.
The Rice Boat is a non-family-friendly French restaurant in the moderate price range. They have a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and are located near Express by Holiday Inn.
Not all age groups are allowed at a restaurant The Waterman that provides a low-priced foods.
Fitzbillies is a Japanese coffee shop in the city center for adults. With a customer rating of 1 out of 5 the price range is moderate.
Alimentum is a non-family-friendly, average priced, Japanese restaurant in the city center.
The Alimentum is family friendly and serves breakfast in the mid price range.
The Waterman is not family friendly serving Indian food near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
The Wrestlers is a Japanese food coffee shop, located in the Riverside area nearby Raja Indian Cuisine. It is relatively inexpensive and also kids friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a high priced Italian restaurant with an average customer rating.
Japanese food with a high price Range and customer Rating of 3 out of 5 can be found at The Phoenix in riverside.
Aromi is a Japanese restaurant in riverside.
Bibimbap House provides Italian at riverside over by The Rice Boat.
You will be eating at Cotto that is near The Portland Arms.  It is right by the riverside that serves Italian food.  It is a coffee shop that only has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.  The price is also very high.
If you're craving French food, bring your family to The Twenty Two. Located at the city centre.
The coffee shop The Wrestlers is an expensive  family friendly establishment located near Raja Indian Cuisine.
Fitzbillies is a moderately priced Italian coffee shop located in the city centre. It received a 3 out of 5 rating and is not kid friendly.
The Green Man is a Fast food type restaurant, which is not kid friendly.  It also has a moderate price range and is near All Bar One located in city centre.
Loch Fyne near The Rice Boat by the riverside serves fast food and has a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
Near Café Rouge there is a pub called The Plough. It serves reasonably priced English food in a family friendly environment.
The Waterman provides Indian food in the £20-25 price range. It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is high.
With a customer rating of 3 out of 5 that is kid friendly services French food. It is located near Café Rouge called The Golden Curry by riverside.
Wildwood is a three star, low cost coffee shop located next to Ranch.
The Wrestlers is a moderate priced Italian food place. Don't bring the kids, very low rate 1 out of 5
One restaurant available in the area is the Strada, although the customer rating is only 1 out of 5.
Located near the Crowne Plaza Hotel is Browns Cambridge, a 3-star family friendly coffee shop.
A fast food coffee shop with a low customer rating and a price range less than less than £20 is Cocum.  It is also family  friendly.
The Phoenix serves English food and is located in the city centre. It has a high customer rating and the price range is more than £30.
The Twenty Two, near The Rice Boat is kids friendly. It has an average customer rating and the price range is high. It is in the riverside area.
There is a coffee shop called The Eagle, it is medium priced, five star rated, family friendly and sells Italian. It is located next to Burger King.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is a low priced non family-friendly restaurant.
The Rice Boat, close to the Express by Holiday Inn, is a family-friendly, licensed restaurant, that is cheaply-priced. It has received good reviews.
The Punter, a coffee shop which serves Indian food near Café Sicilia, is cheap, family friendly and has a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
The Rice Boat is an adult restaurant in the riverside area near Express by Holiday Inn. They serve French cuisine for less than 20 pounds. They have received low customer ratings.
With a customer rating of 3 out of 5, Clowns is located near Clare Hall in the riverside area. This coffee shop serves Japanese food.
There is a cheap Chinese food restaurant in the riverside area that is called Blue Spice.
There is a low priced, family friendly wine bar called The Vaults.
Aromi is a family-friendly pub located near the city centre. It has an average customer rating.
Strada serves English food in the moderate price range. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5, it is not kid friendly, and it is located near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
Wildwood is a pub that provides Fast food for £20-25. Customers rate it highly.
The Olive Grove is an adult, pub-style establishment. It serves Italian food for under 20 and is located in the city centre.
The Olive Grove a child friendly restaurant located near the riverside.
The Rice Boat is a fast food restaurant in the city center, near the Express by Holiday Inn, which serves cheap fast food, it has an average customer rating and is not very family-friendly.
A child friendly coffee shop in Riverside named Zizzi's has low customer ratings and higher prices.
The Plough is a family friendly pub that provide Japanese food less than £20 near Café Rouge
The Waterman is a highly rated French restaurant in the city centre offering adults meals in the £20 to £25 range.
The Waterman is a restaurant providing Italian food in the high price range.
Loch Fyne is a restaurant that serves English food and they have high customer rating. They are in riverside near The Rice Boat.
In the city centre there is a moderately priced, child friendly restaurant called the Green Man.
The Waterman  is a sushi bar located near Crowne Plaza Hotel that doesn't allow families with children
Alimentum offers British food at a price. They are close to the riverside and Yippee Noodle Bar.
The Twenty Two  is a fast food restaurant in riverside that it kid friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop in Riverside, near Crown Plaza Hotel.  It serves Italian food, is kids-friendly, and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Waterman is a pub restaurant in Riverside.  It serves Italian cuisine and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The average rating pub called the Vaults cost less than 20 dollars and it is near by the Café Adriatic.
Near The Rice Boat in the riverside area of the city is a high end venue called The Twenty Two.   It is child friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.  There is a restaurant called The Cricketers serving English food near to All Bar One.
The Golden Palace is too high priced for getting fast food at a coffee shop.  But you can find it in the riverside area and people find it average overall.
The Midsummer House caters to wine parings and is located next to All Bar One.
The Eagle coffee shop serves Chinese cuisine at reasonable prices. Children welcome. Near Burger King.
Located in the outskirts of the city centre, The Rice Boat is a family-friendly restaurant. It has three out of five stars.
Located near The Bakers, The Golden Curry is a moderately priced restaurant with a kid-friendly environment.
The Golden Curry provides Indian food Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
For a moderate price, Fitzbillies offer Indian food for a moderate price. It's located near The Six Bells.
The Rice Boat is a family friendly, five star restaurant.
Fitzbillies is a high-priced coffee shop that serves French food in the city centre. It is not kid friendly and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Alimentum is a moderately priced, kids-friendly Indian restaurant located by the river.
Loch Fyne serves Indian food near The Rice Boat in the riverside area. They have a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
In the city centre there is a fast food restaurant called The Phoenix. It has an average customer rating and has prices in the cheap range for  Cambridge.
Green Man is a family friendly place that is near All Bar One in the riverside area.  They serve Chinese food and is cheap.
Families are welcome at The Wrestlers, premium five star fast food restaurant.
Located near The Portland Arms in Riverside, is the family friendly establishment, The Punter, who's prices are £20 and under.
The Dumpling Tree is a family friendly pub serving Japanese food. It is near The Portland Arms.
With a customer rating of 3 out of 5, the Midsummer House is a somewhat popular choice for Indian food. It has moderate prices and it is located near All Bar One.
A moderate priced Chinese food place, Midsummer House, has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and is located near All Bar One.
A Chinese restaurant called The Phoenix can be found on riverside. The customers rate it a 3 out of 5.
The Rice Boat serves Chinese food and is moderately priced.  It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 stars, is in the riverside area, is kid friendly, and is near Express by Holiday Inn.
There is a high priced family restaurant Green Man located in the All Bar One.
The Rice Boat is an Italian restaurant at Loch Fyne on the river that's so-so.
The pub, Wildwood serves Chinese food which is moderately priced and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5
Strada is a moderately priced fast food establishment .   Located near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café.  Offers a child friendly menu.  Customer rating 1 out of 5.
For kid friendly, in the £20-25 price range, try The Waterman.
The Phoenix in an average Italian restaurant in the city centre.
A children friendly and high customer rated coffee shop which also serves Italian food, is The Cricketers, which is located by the riverside near The Portland Arms.
If you are staying at the Express by Holiday Inn, then you can find a good, cheap meal at The Rice Boat just down the road. Children are welcome, and it has had some good reviews.
The Golden Palace is a restaurant in the higher price bracket.
Alimentum is a sushi restaurant located near Yippee Noodle Bar that has a low-price menu and average ratings.
The Olive Grove is a pub not child-friendly. It is located in the city center. The prices are more than £ 30.
Cotto is a Japanese restaurant with no family-friendly ambiance. It is located near Ranch with a customer rating 5 out of 5.
The Eagle is a Indian coffee shop with medium prices located in riverside near Burger King.  Customer Rating 1 out of 5.
The moderately priced restaurant The Eagle in Riverside has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Alimentum is restaurant providing Italian food in  the price less that £20. It is located in the city centre but it is not family-friendly.
The Golden Curry is a kid friendly Chinese restaurant near Café Rouge in Riverside. It is kid friendly and has a customer rating of 1.
One star rated The Eagle offers a complete meal deal for all.
Located in the riverside area near Café Sicilia is The Twenty Two, a pub with a 1 out of 5 rating by customers.
A kid friendly Japanese coffee shop that has high ratings is close to Burger King near the riverside, the name is The Eagle.
The Dumpling Tree near The Portland Arms offers Italian Pub fare and is kid friendly.
Near Café Sicilia is The Punter, a coffee shop that also serves fast food. Despite the higher price range it is also child friendly and has good customer ratings.
Giraffe is a pub serving Japanese food.  It is a riverside location.
The Cambridge Blue located ear Café Brazil offering cheap pub fast food
The Dumpling Tree is a restaurant that serves English food. The food is in a  cheap price range.
The Rice Boat is an Indian restaurant rated 1 of 5 with high prices. Located in city centre near Express by Holiday Inn.
Aromi its a restaurant located near center of city, offer food 5of5 star for all family
Midsummer House is located near to All Bar One and serves English food in the high price range. The rating by customers is average.
Cotto is a 3 stars coffee shop where there are low-priced food. It is in The Portland Arms located in the city centre.
The Golden Curry is a family friendly restaurant
There is a children-friendly restaurant, Loch Fyne providing English food.
The Eagle is a one-star restaurant which serves traditional British cuisine.
The Cricketers is a fast food coffee shop.  It is not a family-friendly establishment.  It is located near The Portland Arms.  Customers rate The Cricketers a 5 rating.
Located near Express by Holiday Inn, The Rice Boat is a family friendly venue with a price range below  £20. It gets low ratings from customers.
Bibimbap House sells Italian food located riverside near Clare Hall with a price range of £30 plus.
Loch Fyne serves Italian food and has a high customer rating.  They are located in the riverside area near The Rice Boat.
The Twenty Two is kid friendly, falls in the moderate price range, and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.  You can find this location on the riverside near The Rice Boat.
You will be eating at Cotto that is near The Portland Arms.  It is right by the riverside that serves Italian food.  It is a coffee shop that only has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.  The price is also very high.
Bibimbap House is a fast food restaurant near Clare Hall in the riverside area offering moderate prices.
The Rice Boat is a Chinese place highly priced  located in the center of the city. It is not children friendly and located near Express by Holiday Inn and the rating is average.
The Waterman is a reasonably priced family restaurant by the river with poor food and service
For high rated cuisine, look no further than the kid friendly Aromi Japanese coffee shop located on the riverside.
Alimentum is a cheap French restaurant that is family friendly and located near the riverside.
Near The Portland Arms is a French coffee shop called The Cricketers. It has a high customer rating with a child-friendly ethos.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop in the city centre, with a low customer rating serving family-friendly Italian food in a price range less than £20
The Twenty Two is a cheap family friendly restaurant near The Rice Boat that customers have rated 5 out of 5.
The Waterman at the riverside is a pub. It serves Japanese and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Waterman is a kid friendly Chinese restaurant with a three star rating. The restaurant is located in riverside and has a moderate price range.
The Rice Boat is a great place for British food at reasonable prices.
If you are looking for average food at a cheap price, the Taste of Cambridge restaurant is for you.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop. It provides Indian food and is family friendly. It has an average customer rating and is located in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Highly rated, The Phoenix sushi restaurant is the place to go. Good quality food means that the prices match.
Giraffe is a 3-star coffee shop beside The Bakers. It is suitable for families and price range is medium.
Blue Spice provides Indian food in the high price range. It is located in the riverside.
Near The Portland Arms, there is a kid-friendly coffee shop called The Cricketers that serves Japanese food.  The shop has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Located inside of Ranch , Wildwood coffee shop offers sushi at a medium price.
There is a Indian restaurant called The Golden Curry with 3 out of 5 customer rating located in the riverside area near Café Rouge and it is kids friendly also.
The Cricketers restaurant opposite All Bar One sells pub food.
Browns Cambridge is customer rated average and is less than 20 price range.
There is a restaurant on the riverside named Zizzi which offers meals for less than 20£.
The Rice Boat, a Chinese restaurant has average ratings, is not children friendly and is on the high price range. Although, it is near Express by Holiday Inn in the riverside area.
Blue Spice is child-friendly but is very expensive. It is in the Riverside area and gains one out of five from its customers.
The Phoenix provides Indian food in the high price range. It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is average.
Blue Spice is a restaurant located in riverside. Prices range from £20-25.Yes it is kid friendly and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Alimentum is a family restaurant with low prices north of the City center.
At the riverside near Café Sicilia is The Dumpling Tree, a family friendly coffee shop for less than £20.
Near The Rice Boat on the river side is a Japanese venue called Bibimbap House
Near Crowne Plaza Hotel in City center lies Browns Cambridge. It is a family-friendly fast food coffee shop with a low customer rating.
The Cambridge Blue is a highly rated Japanese restaurant.
The Vaults is an expensive low rated pub  located near Café Adriatic.
The Wrestlers is an inexpensive, family friendly wine and cheese shop.
There is an average price restaurant - Cocum - that serves French food and coffee. It has been highly rated by customers and does not allow children.
near The Sorrento is a English restaurant called Browns Cambridge in the riverside area is child friendly.
Strada customer rating 5 out of 5 at this restaurant.
Next to Rainbow Vegetarian Café, there is a cheap Chinese food place named Strada. It is not family friendly and has an average customer rating.
There is a moderate-priced Italian restaurant The Wrestlers with high customer rating.  Not family-friendly.
The Cambridge Blue pub, cheap Japanese food, close to Café Brazil
There is a low price pub, located in the city centre, where you can get fast food. The Olive Grove pub is not kids friendly.
Wildwood is a Fast food pub with an average customer rating and high price range.
Aromi is a fast food coffee shop for adults in the riverside area. Customer satisfaction is average for this coffee shop.
The Wrestlers providing English Food, cheap price range, and average costumer rating. No family-friendly
Strada is a family friendly French restaurant costing less than £20. The customer rating is average and it is located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
The Dumpling Tree is a restaurant of cheap Sushi food, visit us.
Aromi is a pub that is family friendly with a low customer rating located in the riverside area.
The Waterman is a French restaurant located within the city centre with an price range of more than £30. Often described as not being child friendly, The Waterman has an average customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Serving Indian food for a average price, is a pub called Zizzi. Not so much a family friendly place.
The Rice Boat serves Chinese and is of okay quality it is family friendly and is located in the city centre.
There is a Chinese restaurant that has food that costs more than £30 in Riverside. It's called Alimentum and is child friendly.
By the riverside and close to Café Sicilia, there's a coffee shop called The Dumpling Tree which welcomes families and has cheap prices.
For average but cheap Indian food in a family friendly environment try The Wrestlers.
Sitting on the riverside close to Raja Indian Cuisine, The Wrestlers is a low cost coffee shop.  This is not a family friendly coffee shop.
The Wrestlers serves English food and is not kid friendly. It has a moderate price range and a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Chinese pub Wildwood has a high customer rating. The price ranges from twenty to twenty-five dollars.
For a Japanese coffee Shop which is family friendly go to The Cricketers. They have a 5 out of 5 rating and is near The Portland Arms
A kids friendly restaurant between £20-25 is Travellers Rest Beefeater.
At the riverside area there is a cheap place called Blue Spice.  It is family friendly place  with an average rating of its clients.
An Italian pub, The Plough, has a price range of £20-25, is kid friendly and is located near Café Rouge.
The Phoenix British restaurant is located in the city centre.  It is moderately priced with a one star rating.
The Mill is a beautiful pub located in the Riverside area, with French food service and affordable prices
For a children-friendly English restaurant The Twenty Two is the place to go.
The Dumpling Tree restaurant sells Japanese food with a price Range of more than 30 pounds.
The Twenty Two in the city centre near The Rice Boat is a moderately priced, kid friendly restaurant with a rating of 1 out of 5.
Loch Fyne is a French restaurant with a price range of 20-25. It is kid friendly.
The Mill is a low-priced Japanese pub by the river.
A coffee shop named The Golden Palace can be found at the city centre, it have Italian food and is fairly cheap. Its rating does not treat it bad either because it is fairly average
Loch Fyne is a French restaurant that is kid friendly.
The Golden Palace is a  restaurant. It is located in the city centre. I would give it 5 out of 5.
The Twenty Two is family-friendly and is rated average by previous customers. Located at riverside near The Rice Boat, the price range is low.
Strada is a Japanese restaurant near to Rainbow Vegetarian Café. It is not family friendly and has a rating of 1 out of 5. It is moderately priced.
The Phoenix is a fast food restaurant with a five star rating
There is a coffee shop that serves Italian good with a low rating called Aromi yet it is children friendly.
The Plough is an Italian pub that is child friends and near Café Rouge, Prices are moderate.
Cocum is an average rated, family friendly Fast food coffee shop with high prices.
Located in the city centre, The Mill is a pub that serves Chinese food at less than average prices.
The Wrestlers is a charming coffee shop featuring fast food service and lower prices to £ 20 are located near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city center area
The Rice Boat offers fast-food by the riverside, nearby Bibimbap House.
The Phoenix is a Japanese restaurant located in the centre of the city. It offers food in the average price range and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a moderately priced coffee shop. It is kids friendly and serves French food, it is located in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Eagle provides Indian food Its customer rating is high.
Near to the Café Rouge and serving Japanese food is Cotto.
The Phoenix provides Indian food in the more than £30 price range. It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is high.
There is a place called, Fitzbillies coffee Shop that welcomes families.
Fairly priced Loch Fyne is and adult Italian restaurant
The Olive Grove is an Indian pub and has a moderate price range. It is in the city centre and is not a kid friendly.
Despite a higher price range, Fitzbillies serves fine food fit for its prices. It's located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
The Twenty Two is an average priced restaurant in the city centre near The Rice Boat. The customer rating is 3 out of 5 and it is not kids-friendly.
If you want to spend between £20 and £25, the Loch Fyne offers French cuisine in a kids friendly environment.
The Chinese restaurant Alimentum offers food less than 20 euro and is located riverside near Yippee Noodle Bar.  Alimentum has a low customer rating.
With an average customer rating the fast food restaurant Loch Fyne can be found in the city centre near The Rice Boat.
The city centre has a French restaurant that is less than £20 named Blue Spice.
The Eagle offers Fast food and is rates 3 out of 5.
Near Rainbow Vegetarian Café there is a Chinese place, high priced place called Strada. They are children friendly and the rating is average.
There is a restaurant called The Eagle, along the riverside. It has an average customer rating, and a high price range.
Try Cambridge's city centre for children-friendly venues. Many coffee shops are average cost. If you want Fast food, the cost will be high. Check out Fitzbillies.
There is a pub called Green Man that serves Chinese food by the riverside, near Café Rouge.
Cotto is a fast food place that is children friendly with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and located near Ranch.
The Rice Boat is a low rated, family friendly Chinese restaurant in the riverside area.
The Vaults is a moderately priced pub, close to Café Adriatic, with a customer rating 1 out of 5
I always love my local coffee shop, the kids are usually very friendly, the price is in a decent range and they serve Cocum which is a beautiful Japanese food.
There is an Italian restaurant called The Waterman, located in the riverside area. It is not child-friendly but it has a high customer rating and a price range of more than £30.
Fitzbillies is a non- kid friendly fast food serving coffee shop located in the city centre. It has a moderate price range and a low customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Come visit Travellers Rest Beefeater located near Café Adriatic. Nestled in our beautiful riverside community, cheap prices, and 5 out of 5 customer ratings will make this place a favorite.
The Rice Boat a three star family-oriented restaurant is located near Express by Holiday Inn.
Blue Spice in the city center offers price range less than £20.
The Plough is an expensive pub for families, located near Café Rouge.
The Eagle is a coffee shop  located in the city centre, close to Burger King serves fast food.  It has a customer rating 3 out of 5
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop providing Indian food It is located in the city centre. It is near Crowne Plaza Hotel. Its customer rating is low.
Clowns is a French  coffee shop with a low customer rating. It is located in riverside near Clare Hall.
The Twenty Two is a non family-friendly French food restaurant
Blue Spice provides Indian food in the moderate price range. It is located in the city centre.
The Vaults providing French Food, more than £30 price range. No Children Friendly.
Cocum is an expensive pub that allows children and has a rating of 3 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge, located near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre, is a family-friendly Japanese coffee shop. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Rice Boat is a fast food restaurant on the river, next to the Express by Holiday Inn that serves burgers and fries.
The Phoenix has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 and is a low priced Italian restaurant.
Alimentum is a French restaurant near Yippee Noodle Bar. The price range is 20-25 and has a high customer rating. It is in the city centre area.
The Golden Curry serves  Fast food and is located near Café Rouge  in the riverside area. Rated 5 out of 5 stars.
Blue Spice provides Indian food in the more than £30 price range. It is located in the riverside.
The Olive Grove is a Chinese Pub with high prices near the city centre and is not children friendly.
The Waterman has Chinese food near Crowne Plaza Hotel
Blue Spice is a family-friendly coffee shop near Avalon.  Located in the city center, it is moderately priced and boasts a 3 out of 5 customer rating.
The Mill is a high class coffee shop located near The Sorrento in the city center with servers up fantastic Fast food.
located near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café the Strada is family friendly and serves cheap Japanese food which has been rated 5 out of 5
Strada is an English family friendly place.  With reasonable prices and a high customer rating, it can be found close to Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
Near Express by Holiday Inn is Fitzbillies, which is child friendly and has a high customer rating. The price range is more than £30.
Zizzi is a high-priced, child-friendly coffee shop located riverside. It has a low customer rating.
With an average price range of over £30, Strada, a Child friendly restaurant, enjoys a high customer satisfaction rating.
Visit The Vaults for an Italian dinner in a location that is child friendly in the price range of more than 30 euros.
The Olive Grove, a Japanese riverside pub, is a an adult establishment with prices less than £20
Alimentum is an expensive, family friendly sushi restaurant near the river.
Browns Cambridge serves Japanese food and is moderately priced with 3 out of 5 stars
Green Man, a high-priced and child-friendly Fast food restaurant, can be found near All Bar One in the city centre.
Green Man is a riverside restaurant.
The Eagle is a 1-star coffee shop providing fast food in the low price range. It is suitable for families and located beside Burger King at the north of city centre.
Taste of Cambridge is a coffee shop that offers French food with a family-friendly atmosphere. It is located in the city centre near the Crowne Plaza Hotel.
The Golden Palace at the riverside is a restaurant with customer rating 3 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is conveniently located near the Express by Holiday Inn, and is a family restaurant.
The rare combo of Indian food in a coffee shop can be found at The Wrestlers.  The price is high, but it is children friendly.  The Wrestlers is near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre.
Located along the riverside, Fitzbillies is a lowly rated coffee shop, often described as not being family-friendly. Serving French food with a price range of less than £20, Fitzbillies is poorly rated.
The Golden Curry is a low rated, child friendly restaurant near Café Rouge in Riverside offers French cuisine.
Aromi is a coffee shop that resides by riverside. They serve Japanese food and the establishment is child friendly. it's got a low customer rating
The Plough is a cheap adult pub that offers fast food. It is located near Café Rouge.
The Waterman in the riverside area offers kid-friendly French food. Customer rating is 1 out of 5 with a moderate price range.
Green Man serves high end Italian near riverside. It is child friendly and located near All Bar One.
The Eagle Is a coffee shop that serves cheap Indian food. Family friendly with an average satisfaction rating. They are in the city center near Burger King.
The Mill is a Indian pub located in riverside.  Moderate pricing.
The Golden Curry is a low rated English place  that is family friendly.
By the riverside serving Japanese food is the Alimentum, it is child friendly and has a price range of more than £30.
The Vaults is a family friendly Indian where you can get food for less than the Cambridge average.
The Waterman is a Fast food restaurant in the city centre. It is child friendly and has a high price range. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The cheap English restaurant Midsummer House is near All Bar One and has a low customer rating.
The Zizzi pub is not family-friendly but has Fast food that is low rated.
Zizzi is a family oriented coffee shop located on the northwestern  corner of the City Centre.  It is a three-star facility.
Alimentum have Chinese food in moderate price, Located in city centre near Yippee Noodle Bar with a customer rating 3 out of 5.
The Eagle is a fast food establishment and only has a rating of 1 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a cheap family friendly restaurant.
The Golden Palace, situated in the city centre, is a coffee shop that serves Italian food with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Aromi is a family-friendly coffee shop that serves Japanese food. It is located in the city centre and customer rating is low.
There is an Italian restaurant that is not family-friendly in the City Centre named The Rice Boat.  It is located by Express by Holiday Inn and is not expensive.
The Punter is an average, moderately priced, fast food coffee shop near Café Sicilia.  They are not family-friendly.
Loch Fyne fast food restaurant is inexpensive and family friendly.
The Vaults is a moderate priced Italian restaurant.
Loch Fyne has fast food on the riverside with a rating of 1 out of 5 for the restaurant The Rice Boat
The Golden Curry Indian restaurant has a 5 out of 5 rating but is not  family friendly.
Though it's not family-friendly, Aromi offers Japanese style coffee in the city centre.
The Strada has an average customer rating and is children friendly.
The Golden Curry provides Chinese food in the less than £20 price range. It is near The Bakers.
If you want a full English Breakfast, then try The Cambridge Blue pub. It has a British feel to it, and low prices. Just along from Café Brazil.
For a more luxury Fast food experience, visit The Dumpling Tree.
Blue Spice in Riverside is a restaurant with a less than 20 price range.
Loch Fyne restaurant serves French food but is not family-friendly
The Italian Cotto is near yes 1 out of 5 at Ranch.
Strada provides Chinese food in the cheap price range. It is near Rainbow Vegetarian Café. Its customer rating is average.
Mid Priced British restaurant located near All Bar One.  The Green Man is open to families.
Located in the city centre, Blue Spice is an Italian restaurant with a price range of less than £20.
Near The Rice Boat in Riverside, there's a fast food place called Bibimbap House.
There is a high price range coffee shop The Waterman located close to the center. of the city that provides family-style dining. It has a superb view across the river.
Near All Bar One in the city centre, an expensive and child-friendly Fast food place by the name of Green Man can be found.
The Waterman is a sushi restaurant with a great family atmosphere.
Zizzi is a pub establishment serving Chinese food. It is child-friendly.
The Phoenix is a Luton based fast food establishment offering budget food.
An averagely priced, highly rated Italian coffee shop in the city centre which isn't kid friendly is called Fitzbillies.
Loch Fyne is a restaurant that is family friendly and in the low price range.
Clowns is a 5 star coffee and sushi bar located near Clare Hall.
Giraffe is Fast food family and friendly restaurant located in city centre.
The Vaults is a well-priced family restaurant.
The Cricketers is a five-star, family-friendly coffee shop. It is located near The Portland Arms.
The Waterman is a restaurant providing low-priced foods. Not all age group are allowed.
There's a family friendly, coffee and Indian food restaurant in the city centre called Fitzbillies. It is highly priced and highly rated.
The Vaults is a moderately priced coffee shop in the city centre. It is near Café Brazil and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop with great Italian food not good for family and a high price is near to Raja Indian Cuisine
Japanese restaurant called Loch Fyne has a low customer rating and is in the city centre near The Rice Boat
A pub in the Riverside area, The Mill, serves fast food at average prices.
The Phoenix is a Japanese restaurant located in the city centre.
The Plough, near Café Rouge is a reasonably priced Italian Pub. It is not child friendly.
The Phoenix is a fast food restaurant , located north of the City center , the food is very expensive but very good.
The Vaults is an American eatery that is family friendly. It is in the upper price range.
This place in Riverside, called Aromi is a coffee shop style place that serves Indian food and has a great play area for kids but the ratings are 1 out of 5.
The poor rated, Cocum, is a high priced Italian coffee shop
The Punter is a highly priced, child unfriendly restaurant by the riverside near to The Portland Arms.
Midsummer House is serving up it's highly rated English food and can be found near Café Rouge.
There is a cheap family friendly French restaurant Alimentum in the area of riverside.
With a customer rating of 3 out of 5, The Eagle serves Chinese food.
Bibimbap House serves Italian food at a high price range. They are located in riverside near Clare Hall.
It has a low customer rating, and is not family-friendly, but The Punter coffee shop offers Italian food at a less than £20 price range.  It is near Café Sicilia.
Alimentum provides Indian food in the moderate price range. It is located in the riverside. It is near Yippee Noodle Bar. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Cambridge Blue is an English restaurant with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
There is a English restaurant near the Yippee Noodle Bar that has a high price range and an average customer rating called Alimentum.
Cotto is an Italian restaurant near Ranch that is kid-friendly and has a high customer rating.
The Rice Boat is a highly rated English restaurant near the Express by Holiday Inn. It is child friendly and the price range is more than more than £30.
Moderately priced, average rated  Indian coffee shop called Cocum is not family friendly.
Cotto can be found north of the city center close to The Portland Arms, with a view of the river. The coffee shop's pricey sushi dishes have received 5-star ratings by reviewers.
There is a coffee shop called Fitzbillies that serves Indian food whose price range is more than  £30.  The restaurant is located in riverside and is not children friendly.
The Eagle coffee shop is a low priced restaurant in the city centre, east of Burger King.  You can eat-in or take-out. Not family friendly.
The Green Man, family-friendly city center location for all your Italian cuisine. Great value for one and situated within walking distance of All Bar One
The Golden Curry near The Bakers with a high price range serves Japanese food. They are children friendly.
Zizzi is an average family friendly Italian pub.
Fitzbillies a coffee shop is located in the city centre. It has a high customer rating and is kid friendly. It serves Indian food at prices ranging from £20-25.
Offering a family-friendly atmosphere and fast food, The Twenty Two is located along the riverside.
There is a child-friendly restaurant with a low customer rating named Cocum.
With a customer rating of 3 out of 5 Cocum is a kids friendly pub.
Wildwood restaurant near Café Rouge has a low customer Rating
The Phoenix provides English food in riverside with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Waterman is an average rated adult only Fast food eatery located in riverside with over average prices
There is a restaurant named Wildwood located near Café Rouge. The customer rating is high.
Next to Raja Indian Cuisine there is a non family friendly coffee shop, it is called The Wrestlers and is low priced.
The Rice Boat has a 1 star rating and provides Chinese Food in the moderate price range.  It is located in the centre of the city near the Express by Holiday Inn and is kid friendly.
Strada is an Indian food style pub near the Yippee Noodle Bar. It gets 1 out of 5 stars from its customers.
In the riverside area, The Olive Grove is a child friend pub that offers English food at a remarkable price rate.
The Rice Boat is a restaurant near the Express by Holiday Inn. It sells moderately priced French food, is not child friendly and is only rated one out of five by customers.
Strada, located near Yippee Noodle Bar, is a pub serving French food. The customer rating is low.
Cotto is an average Japanese coffee shop in the low price range. It is located near The Portland Arms, riverside.
Loch Fyne serves English cuisine. It is located in the city centre near The Rice Boat. They currently have a low customer rating.
Near the Crown Plaza Hotel is The Waterman. It serves Italian food and is kid friendly.
Midsummer House is located near Café Rouge and features Chinese cuisine. This establishment earned a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
A family-friendly pub serving Indian food downtown is Giraffe.
The Wrestlers is a cheap Italian food coffee shop in the city centre, near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is not family-friendly.
The Rice Boat is an English kids friendly eatery that's located by the riverside. The Rice Boat receives great reviews from customers that go there.
Zizzi is a family friendly pub offering Japanese food.  It is located in the city centre and has a one star rating.
Loch Fyne is a restaurant providing Chinese food in the less than £20 price range.
Located in riverside near the Crowne Plaza Hotel the Taste of Cambridge is a coffee shop offering French food and is very kid friendly
The Dumpling Tree is a non-family-friendly Italian pub located near The Portland Arms.
In the city centre The Rice Boat is serving cheap Chinese food with a 5 out of 5 rating near Express by Holiday Inn
The Giraffe is a coffee shop located near The Bakers, it is child-friendly with with a low customer rating, the price range is £30 plus.
The Phoenix is a baller grocery store just north of the city center. They provide the best food at the best prices
For cheap Japanese food try The Golden Curry. It welcomes families and is near The Bakers.
The Cocum Restaurant is children friendly but is rated 1 out of 5
A low-reviewed pub, Wildwood sushi serves up traditional Japanese fare.
French, family friendly, The Waterman restaurant is located near the Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Zizzi is a pub providing Chinese food Its customer rating is average.
Price range of more than £30 is the restaurant Travellers Rest Beefeater also children friendly
Loch Fyne is a cheap family friendly Chinese restaurant.
The Cricketers is an Italian coffee shop near The Portland Arms. They have a 5 out of 5 rating.
Strada offers Indian food in the average price range with a high customer rating and a kid friendly atmosphere. The venue is located near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
Blue Spice coffee shop near Avalon is located on the riverside.  It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.  It is children friendly.  The price range is above average.
Alimentum is a medium price restaurant in Yippee Noodle Bar that offers breakfast meals with low ratings.
Blue Spice is an inexpensive restaurant. Blue Spice offers fast food options like burgers and fries. You can get soda at Blue Spice
For a city centre French restaurant near to the Yippee Noodle Bar, an average rated place that is less than £20 the Alimentum is for you
Located near the Travellers Rest Beefeater, Café Adriatic is a high end venue near the riverside.
Near Café Sicilia, there is a cheap Italian coffee shop named The Punter. It is family-friendly, and customers rated it 5 out of 5.
Loch Fyne is located on the river, close to The Rice Boat, but does not have good reviews
Alimentum Chinese food has a 3 out of 5 customer rating serving moderate price range food near Yippee Noodle Bar in the riverside area.
The Phoenix is a medium priced burger restaurant in city centre.
The Phoenix, is locate in a riverside area, and offers Indian food in a moderate price range, with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
With a 1 out of 5 star rating, I would stay away from fast food place called The Rice Boat in riverside near the Express by Holiday Inn. The Rice Boat is family friendly but it's expensive
The Waterman is a family-friendly French food venue that offers prices less than £20. It is located in the city centre but has a low customer rating.
Near The Sorrento, the Taste of Cambridge pub offers a family friendly environment on the riverside.
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing Indian food in the less than £20 price range. It is located in the riverside. It is near Burger King. Its customer rating is low.
Clowns is a coffee shop providing Fast food located in riverside near Clare Hall
Zizzi is a pub with Chinese food and an average rating
The Rice Boat is not a kid friendly fast food option. However, it is moderately priced and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is located near Express by Holiday Inn in the city centre.
Visit Cotto, a moderately priced coffee shop and sushi bar near The Portland Arms.
The Twenty Two is Japanese family friendly restaurant.
Blue Spice is a children friendly coffee shop in riverside near Avalon. It has a low customer rating , as well as a price range of more than £30.
Located in the city centre near The Portland Arms, Cotto is a Japanese coffee shop with an average rating and costs less than £20.
Along the riverside near Café Rouge is The Golden Curry. It serves Italian food in a family-friendly environment. It has a low customer rating.
Alimentum is a cheap Fast food restaurant in the centre of the city near the Yippee Noodle Bar with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
There is a coffee shop Fitzbillies located in the city centre. It provides French food with with price range less than £20. It is family-friendly, though its customer rating is low.
The Travellers Rest Beefeater is a child-friendly restaurant and has a moderate price range.
Zizzi is a coffee shop in the city centre in the high price range. It is not child friendly and has a rating of 3 out of 5.
Providing Indian food at a low price of less than £20 is Midsummer House, located near All Bar One. It has a low customer rating.
An excellent affordable family friendly pub is Cocum.
The Mill is a pub near the river and offers mid-range pricing.
The Wrestlers is a kid friendly Japanese restaurant with a moderate price range. Customers rated The Wrestlers 1 out of 5.
Green Man is a cheap family friendly restaurant by the riverside.
Taste of Cambridge is a high priced restaurant. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
The Golden Curry serves Japanese food. It is family friendly and rated as average by customers.
Clowns is a pub near the riverside in the moderate price range but with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Cotto coffee shop offers 5 star fast food at reasonable prices and can be found close to the river and not far from The Portland Arms.
Cheap riverside coffee shop The Golden Palace has an average customer rating.
The Golden Palace is a cheap, average coffee shop located in Riverside. Further, there is Indian food. ,
There is a family friendly Indian restaurant called Loch Fyne.
The Rice Boat in riverside serves English food.
French food for less than  £20 pounds can be found in riverside ear Clare Hall at  a place called Bibimbap House
There is a high rated children-friendly pub for more than £30, names Cocum.
A coffee shop near The Bakers called Giraffe, is rated 3 out of 5 by its customers. It is a kid friendly coffee shop with an average price range.
The Phoenix is a three-star rated establishment on the river near the city centre.
There is a pub called Wildwood that is cheap and offers wine.
The Cricketers is a kid friendly pub restaurant. It is located near Ranch and has a 3 out of 5 customer rating.
The Loch Fyne serves Indian food, has a low customer rating, is located in the city centre, and is near The Rice Boat.
The Golden Curry serves average Indian food and is family friendly.
Loch Fyne is a restaurant that sells Chinese food. It is family friendly
There is Loch Fyne a  child friendly Japanese restaurant.
If you're nearby Café Rouge, you can give the restaurant Wildwood a try, although it currently gets low ratings from other customers - a 1 out of 5.
Strada is a pub serving Indian food near Yippee Noodle Bar. It has a customer rating of three.
With a price range of less than £20 per person, The Waterman  offers a family oriented experience.
The Vaults is a cheap pub near Café Adriatic that has average ratings.
The Phoenix serves Indian food, is in the high price range and has an average customer rating.  It is in the riverside area.
If you are searching for a French coffee shop, near the city center and Clare Hall, Clowns might be for you. The customer rating are average.
Browns Cambridge is a highly rated middle priced restaurant that serves  American food.
The Waterman provides Chinese food in the high price range. It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Rated 1 out of 5, Aromi is a kid friendly Japanese coffee shop located in the riverside area.
The Travellers Rest Beefeater is an adult only cheat restaurant.
Near Express by Holiday Inn is a child friendly place called Fitzbillies. The price is £30 and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Cricketers is a restaurant providing Indian food It is near All Bar One.
The Waterman pub is a low-priced pub.  It is near the city Centre.
Fitzbillies coffee Shop is an inexpensive adult only environment north of the city center.
The Cocum is a cheap, family-friendly pub with average customer ratings.
The Phoenix is an restaurant providing Indian food in the upper price range, located in the riverside area.
Aromi is a kid friendly Indian coffee shop  in riverside with an average rating.
A French place called Fitzbillies near The Six Bells has a price range of moire than £30.
Located on the riverside, The Rice Boat is a restaurant that serves Indian food.
The family friendly coffee and sushi restaurant called The Punter has 5 stars, is mid-priced and is located near Café Sicilia.
Outside of the City centre is a family friendly, one star restaurant called The Rice Boat.
In the Riverside area near Café Rouge there is a family friendly restaurant called The Golden Curry, it serves French food and boasts a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
The Giraffe pub is not family-friendly, but offers Italian food in riverside.
The Punter moderate price for Italian food for kids at the coffee shop near Café Sicilia.
The Phoenix offers English food and has low customer ratings.  Price range is less than £20, and is located in the city centre.
Clowns is a family-friendly restaurant in the less than £20 price range neat Café Sicilia.
The Eagle is a kids friendly coffee shop in Riverside near Burger King that serves Italian food for £20-25. It has a high customer rating.
Clowns serves French food near Clare Hall in the riverside area. It is a low-rated coffee shop.
The Strada serves Japanese food at a price range of L20-25.  It is kids friendly and is near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
The Eagle coffee shop near Burger King in city center has a high price range more than  £30.
The Rice Boat restaurant serves Italian food and is in the city centre, but it's ratings are average and it isn't family-friendly.
While child friendly the Japanese coffee shop Cocum has a low customer rating and a price range of more than 30 euros.
The Eagle on the riverside is more than £30 and has a low customer rating,
The Rice Boat is a highly rated sushi restaurant in City centre. They are and inexpensive and family friendly. They are located near Express by Holiday Inn.
Fitzbillies is a high priced Italian restaurant near The Six Bells
Price range high, The Rice Boat, Indian food in Riverside near Express by Holiday Inn, has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. No Children allowed.
The Golden Curry is near The Six Bells and  is not family-friendly.
Located in the city centre near the Crowne Plaza Hotel, Taste of Cambridge is not a family-friendly fast food restaurant and coffee shop.
An English restaurant, Bibimbap House, is in the city centre near The Rice Boat.
The Eagle in the city centre has a high price range and a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Green Man is a sushi restaurant located next to All Bar One on the riverside.
The Mill is a pub that is located outside the city centre the has food items that are moderately priced.
The Punter is located near Café Sicilia and is a coffee shop that sells food at a mid-price range.
Zizzis pub offers Italian food for people not interested in family dining with average customer ratings.
Located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café, is a moderately priced restaurant with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 called The Rice Boat.
The new Italian coffee shop, Fitzbillies, offers great food and service for a higher price in the centre of town.
An Italian venue with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 called The Phoenix is on the riverside.
The Golden Curry locate near to The Bakers provides Chinese food at price range of £20-25. Kids are welcome.
A low customer rated restaurant in the city centre called Blue Spice cost no more than 30 euros and is not children friendly.
Aromi is a French coffee shop. It is in the riverside area, is child friendly and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Find Alimentum in the riverside area, serving low price Italian food where families are welcome.
The Eagle is a coffee shop situated right by the river.  The shop offers a range of snacks, wine and coffee.  The Eagle is low priced and rated a 3 out of 5 stars. The Eagle is located near Burger King.
For a family friendly Indian meal in the city centre try Browns Cambridge. It is near The Sorrento.
The Rice Boat has a high price range and customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
Riverside, near Café Rouge, is the family friendly place, low rated by customers, and serving English food named The Golden Curry.
Browns Cambridge is a costly Japanese sushi restaurant, with a 1 star rating
The Mill is a pub located in the area of riverside.
The Olive Grove is a fine pub, moderately priced in the city centre.  Kids are not allowed.
Yes, you can eat Italian at the The Waterman near The Waterman
The Aromi is an Indian restaurant in the city centre.
Down from All Bar One, Green Man is a moderately priced family restaurant
Wildwood is a pub serving sushi in the high price range.
Midsummer House near All Bar One is a fast food place with a high customer rating and a price range of £20-25.
The Golden Curry is a family-friendly fast food restaurant near Café Rouge in the city centre.  It has a low customer rating.
Browns Cambridge offers burgers and fries and is a five star restaurant.  Browns Cambridge is an expensive restaurant.
Wildwood classy coffee shop near the Ranch serving Fast food.
Taste of Cambridge is a French coffee shop near the Crowne Plaza Hotel that is not family-friendly and located in the city centre.
Located near Café Sicilia, The Punter is a highly-rated coffee shop serving Italian cuisine with prices averaging from 20 to 25 pounds. Please note, however, that The Punter is not a kid-friendly environment.
The cheap coffee shop dubbed Giraffe near The Bakers is an award winning adult coffee shop.
Blue Spice is located in Riverside and has a price range of less than £20.
The Golden Curry serves Indian food and is family friendly. It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is located near Café Rouge near the river.
There is a children-friendly, Japanese restaurant that was rated as a 3 out of 5, near Ranch Cotto.
In the city centre of The Portland Arms is a high rated coffee shop named Cotto. This fast food price range is £20-25.
Green Man is a pub located near Café Rouge. This riverside pub serves French food
A high-priced Fast food place near the center of the city, named Alimentum, not kid friendly.
Browns Cambridge has a low customer rating. it serves Japanese food and has a price range of more than £30.
Loch Fyne is in the riverside area near The Rice Boat. It serves highly rated Indian food.
Loch Fyne serves fast food and is located near The Rice Boat in the city centre but they have low customer ratings.
A mid-range, three-star, family, sushi restaurant in town is The Wrestlers.
A reasonably-priced family-friendly coffee shop, the 3-star 'Cocum' serves a variety of Italian fare.
Taste of Cambridge is a family-friendly coffee shop serving Japanese food. It can be found near the Crowne Plaza Hotel near city centre.
The Wrestlers is family friendly coffee shop that has a price range of £20, and serves Japanese Food. It's near Raja Indian Cuisine by the riverside.
The Eagle is a high rated restaurant on the riverside with dishes starting from £20-25
The Phoenix has a price range of £20-25 and has a high customer rating. It serves Indian food and is located near riverside.
The Phoenix serves expensive English food and is located by the river. It is an okay place to eat.
Giraffe is a family friendly coffee shop near The Bakers. It is highly rated by its customers and in the upper price range.
Cotto is a coffee shop serving Indian food with a high price range, receiving a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is in the riverside area near The Portland Arms.
There is an average family-friendly restaurant in the city center named The Waterman where you can eat Japanese food for under £20.
At City Centre, we have a cheaply priced place named Travellers Rest Beefeater, near the Café Adriatic with a Customer Rating of 5 out of 5.
The Golden Curry is more high price restaurant that is children Friendly with great food options. It is located near The Bakers and has a variety of food.
The Golden Curry is a fast food restaurant attracting low customer ratings and is not family-friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a 3 star restaurant thats served breakfast, lunch, and dinner.
A 5 out of 5 customer rated French food restaurant is called The Golden Curry. It is not family-friendly, but located in the center of the city near Café Rouge.
High customer rated, Yippee Noodle Bar in city centre, price Range £20-25, called Alimentum service French food.
There's a child friendly establishment by the riverside which serves Italian food. It's called Browns Cambridge and is near The Sorrento.
A new coffee shop, Blue Spice, has opened on the river near Avalon. Its expensive menu will appeal to children and adults. 3 out of 5 would recommend.
Strada is a five star sushi restaurant located near to the Yippee Noodle Bar
The Giraffe is an English pub situated next to the river and is not suitable for families.
There is a family friendly pub  Zizzi located in City Centre.
Loch Fyne is an average rated Chinese restaurant in the riverside area. It is near The Rice Boat.
The Golden Curry is located at the city centre, near Café Rouge. It offers Fast food, and a non-family-friendly atmosphere. Rated average.
The Phoenix is located in the city centre. Offering average Indian food.
There is a restaurant named The Golden Palace which costs more than £30 to eat here.
Italian inspired The Rice Boat has a price range of more than  £30 and is not children friendly. They have a high customer rating and are located in the riverside area near Express by Holiday Inn.
Zizzi is a highly rated pub serving Italian food. It is not family-friendly.
Bibimbap House in a venue that offers Indian food. It is located near Clare Hall in riverside and it's prices range from £20-25.
The Cricketers is a children-friendly pub near Ranch. It is rated at 1 out of 5.
This customer approved Italian restaurant is called The Cambridge Blue.
Cotto is a coffee shop that serves low-priced fast food. It has a 1 out of 5 customer rating, and it is located near The Portland Arms, by the river.
The Waterman has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and has a high price range.
The Punter is a coffee shop near Café Sicilia. This is a children friendly offering Italian food, it is slightly expensive at food more than £30.00 however has a high rating.
The Phoenix is an Indian restaurant located in riverside. Customers give it a 5 out of 5.
The riverside restaurant The Green Man is a traditional British restaurant in the higher price bracket. The atmosphere is family friendly and it is located close to All Bar One.
Blue Spice Located in City centre offers great food with view of the river
Browns Cambridge offers French dining at over £30 and is rated 5 out of 5.
Poorly recommended coffee shop Cotto serves fast food at reasonable prices, it is sited on the banks of the Thames near The Portland Arms.
The Vaults is classy Japanese restaurant with a high price range that is children friendly.
Located in riverside, near Burger King, is The Eagle, a French coffee shop that is family-friendly and has average prices and an average rating.
The Rice Boat is located near the center of the city and serves Japanese food with a five star experience; not recommended for family dining.
Browns Cambridge is a restaurant that serves high-priced Japanese food.
Fast food and coffee shop Clowns Clare Hall riverside  1 out of 5
There is a 5 out of 5 pub in Riverside named Aromi.
There is a pub with an average customer rating in the riverside area called The Twenty Two. It is near Café Sicilia.
The English restaurant with the perfect customer rating near the Yippee Noodle Bar, is called Strada
Wildwood is a great burger restaurant. I love it there.
Cocum is a restaurant offering family friendly service , their customer rating is average
The Dumpling Tree, a kid-friendly pub near The Portland Arms, serves English food.
In the city centre, there is the Blue Spice, which is cheap, medium rated and non-kids friendly.
An average-rated and highly-priced riverside coffee shop called The Vaults is located near Café Brazil.
Loch Fyne is a mid priced family safe restaurant.
Bibimbap House offers moderately priced Italian food. It is located in the riverside area near Clare Hall.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop with a moderate price range that has Japanese food and is located in city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine and is not kid friendly.
The riverside French pub, The Olive Grove has a price range of £20-25 and is kid friendly.
An expensive English restaurant is The Punter.
In riverside there is a venue called Browns Cambridge. This is a child friendly English venue near The Sorrento.
There is a coffee shop style place in riverside that sells Japanese food, called Taste of Cambridge. It is also kid friendly and located near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Cotto is a coffee shop located in the city centre near The Portland Arms.  It offers French food in an average price range of £20-25.   Customers give this establishment a high rating.
Browns Cambridge is a family-friendly Italian coffee shop. It is located in the city centre near the Crowne Plaza Hotel and its customer ratings are average.
Although Alimentum has a low customer rating, the French food they serve is at an affordable price range of  £20. Alimentum is located at the city centre near the Yippee Noodle Bar.
there is a nice coffee shop with high customer ratings that does fast food and is child friendly called The Cricketers down near The Portland Arms
For expensive pasta dishes, try 3-star rates Alimentum near Yippee Noodle Bar.
Zizzi is kids friendly coffee shop with a moderate price range and a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Cambridge Blue is a high priced pub near Café Brazil which serves Italian food.
The Waterman offers Indian food. The price range is moderate. The customer rating is 3 out of 5. It is located in the riverside area and it is not kids friendly.
Highly rated restaurant Strada
Cotto provides Indian food It is near Ranch. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a cheap French restaurant near The Six Bells.
Browns Cambridge has a customer rating of 3 out of 5. They serve French food. The price is high.
The Punter is a mid range Japanese coffee shop with low customer ratings. It is family friendly and is located near Café Sicilia.
Aromi is a coffee shop providing Indian food.  It is located in the city centre and is family friendly.  It has a low customer rating.
Located near The Bakers, The Golden Curry is a family friendly Japanese restaurant with a cheap price range.
Located in riverside near The Sorrento, the Taste of Cambridge is a kid friendly pub.
Located in the city centre is The Phoenix. It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and offers French food. It has a high price range.
Riverside and family friendly, Browns Cambridge is a fast food place near The Sorrento.
Indian Cuisine from Alimentum is highly rated and is well priced. It is located in riverside near to Yippee Noodle Bar.
The Plough is a pub that serves Indian food in the low price range. It is family friendly and located near Café Rouge.
Loch Fyne is an Italian restaurant. It is family friendly.
There is coffee shop with fast food near the Ranch. It is called the Wildwood and has a cheap price range. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Located near The Six Bells, Fitzbillies offers Japanese food at an average price range of £20-25.
Travellers Rest Beefeater has a 3 out of 5 rating . it is located in riverside by Café Adriatic .
English food priced more than £30 is served at Fitzbillies. It is located near The Six Bells.
The Twenty Two a children friendly Italian restaurant located in Riverside.
Loch Fyne, a Japanese restaurant in city centre near The Rice Boat has a very good customer rating
The Vaults located near Café Brazil in near the riverside is a coffee shop in the price range of less than 20 Euros.  It boasts and average customer rating.
Strada Japanese food has low customer ratings. They are a family friendly establishment, located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
Strada is located near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café offering fast food.
Green Man is a fast food restaurant near All Bar One and the riverside. It is child friendly.
By the riverside, you will find top rated Indian food at The Rice Boat. They do not cater for families.
The Waterman provides Indian food in the moderate price range. It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
For great Chinese food try Cotto near Café Rouge.
Fitzbillies are cheap around Rainbow Vegetarian Café
With a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and a high price range, Wildwood is a pub serving Italian food.
Near Café Sicilia is The Dumpling Tree, which is a cheap yet family friendly riverside coffee shop.
The restaurant Browns Cambridge offers Indian food in a moderate price range with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The pub The Waterman serves Indian food but has a low rating. It is located in Riverside.
The Wildwood serves English pub food with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 in a moderate price range.
Green Man is a French restaurant near All Bar One in the city centre. It has a moderate price range and is not child friendly.
Blue Spice is a cheap restaurant located by the riverside.
Cotto serves Japanese food at higher than average prices with low ratings. It is located near the riverside close to The Portland Arms.
Cocum is a 5 star, cheap coffee shop that serves fast food.
On the outskirts of the city is a fair-priced coffee shop called The Golden Palace.
The Cricketers is a restaurant located near the All Bar One that provides Italian food.
Cotto is a cheap venue in the riverside area near All Bar One.
The Punter sells French cuisine with food from £30.
There is an establishment serving Japanese food in the city centre near Express by Holiday Inn called The Rice Boat. It is not child friendly and the price range is more than £30.
Strada is a kids friendly place that is low price and has a 3 out of 5 customer rating.
Japanese food with low customer rating called The Phoenix is expensive and in the city centre
Located next to All Bar One, Midsummer House is an excellent-rated sushi restaurant.
Midsummer House is Japanese restaurant with a low customer service. It's near Café Rouge
The Punter coffee shop, situated near Café Sicilia, has received excellent customer rating. It is a children friendly establishment serving expensive Japanese food.
The Golden Curry is a restaurant providing full meals in the low price range. It is located next to The Bakers.
With an outstanding 5 out of 5 rating, The Golden Curry serves and dishes up some tasty Indian food. However it is not family friendly. The Golden Curry can be found in the city centre near Café Rouge.
Sushi restaurant The Rice Boat, is a 3 star, family friendly, riverside location.
Zizzi is an expensive coffee shop with very high ratings. It is located in the city centre close to the riverside area. Zizzi is also family friendly.
Fitzbillies is a place with prices over  £30, located near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
Strada is a family-friendly restaurant, not far from the Rainbow Vegetarian Café in Cambridge, that serves alcoholic beverages, cheeses and soups.
The Twenty Two is a child friendly place to eat near The Rice Boat on the riverside. Customers rate it 5 out of 5 and the average meal comes out at more than £30.
Zizzi is pub that serves French food with an average customer rating. It is a non family-friendly pub.
The Waterman is a pub offering French food in the riverside area with an average customer rating.
The Bibimbap House, serves English food at a moderate price range and is located near, Clare Hall in the riverside area.
The Olive Grove is a pub that provides Indian food in the high price range. It is located in the city centre.
The Rice Boat is a Japanese restaurant located in city centre. It is not family-friendly.
There is a moderate priced pub that serves Indian food, called Wildwood, with a low customer rating of 1 out of 5.
A place that sells cheap pub food is The Golden Palace in Riverside near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
The Rice Boat is is cheap Chinese food place located in the riverside area near the Express by Holiday Inn.  It is family friendly, has an average customer rating, and has a cheap price range.
There is a restaurant that serves French foods near All Bar One named Midsummer House. Even though it has a low customer rating the price range is affordable.
There is a high priced Italian restaurant named Alimentum. It is in riverside and is child friendly.
Strada is a French restaurant near Rainbow Vegetarian Café. It has an average customer rating and is not family-friendly. Prices are less than 20 pounds.
Near the river, there's an expensive, family-friendly coffee shop called Zizzi.
Rated 5 out of 5 by customers, The Rice Boat serves fast food by the riverside. It is not kid-friendly.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop  providing fast food in the low price range. It is located near the Riverside area and customers have rated it poorly.
The Rice Boat is a non-child friendly fast food restaurant located in the city centre near Express by Holiday Inn. It has a high price range and average customer rating.
The restaurant with prices more than  £30 is The Golden Palace.
The Eagle serves sushi and has a three star customer rating.
There is an expensive restaurant named Alimentum near the Yippee Noodle Bar in Riverside. They offer Japanese food and have 3 out of 5 in customer ratings.
The Golden Curry restaurant is not Japanese. It is an Indian restaurant. It has a low customer approval rating, but is children friendly. It is located in Riverside near Café Rouge.
The Vaults is a medium priced traditional Japanese restaurant. No public restrooms.
Looking for a Indian restaurant with a poor customer rating of 1 out of 5, in the riverside area near Yippee Noodle Bar, then the Alimentum is for you.
Taste of Cambridge is a coffee shop and also a Japanese restaurant great for family and close to Crowne Plaza Hotel
Located riverside you will find Alimentum  offering Indian food. They are price ranged at £20-25.
The English restaurant, The Phoenix, is located in the Riverside area. It is in the high price range and rated 1 out of 5.
1 out of 5 customers rate Fitzbillies with high price range. There, children are friendly and it is near to Express by Holiday Inn.
the Vaults is a children friendly Italian restaurant with a high price range
Have you ever been to a Ranch that sells Italian food. It's an amazing place Name Cotto and you can bring your kids too because it's kid friendly with coloring books for them to use while they dine. No wonder their reserve list is so high.
A cheap restaurant offering English food is The Wrestlers.  They are low rated and not favorable for a family.
Browns Cambridge coffee shop is located in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It offers fast food and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is not family-friendly.
Cotto is a coffee shop providing Indian food in the high price range. It is located in the city centre. It is near The Portland Arms. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The riverside restaurant near Yippee Noodle Bar is Alimentum which offers Indian food for less than £20 but it has a low customer rating.
There is this coffee shop named Cotto , which is located in the city centre near The Portland Arms. They sell Italian food that is moderated price and their customer rating is 1 out 5.
There is  an average pub serving Japanese food that is not family-friendly called Zizzi.
A moderate price venue near Café Sicilia, Clowns, is kid friendly.
Located in the riverside area is the Giraffe child friendly pub serving English food.
Midsummer House is providing a Japanese food near Café Rouge which has a low customer rate.
Fitzbillies is an Indian coffee shop that is low rated,  moderately priced and not kid friendly.  It is in the city centre.
The coffee shop by The Portland Arms and the river, Cotto, serves fast food. It has a high price range and has only been given average reviews.
The Plough, right next to The Express by Holiday Inn, is a child friendly restaurant
Giraffe is a restaurant  located near The Six Bells with a high price range
Strada is a family friendly Italian restaurant near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café.  It is mid-priced and has a three-star customer rating.
Strada has a high customer rating. It is a pub that serves English food an is located by Yippee Noodle Bar.
The Rice Boat provides Indian food in the cheap price range. It is located in the riverside. It is near Express by Holiday Inn. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
The Twenty Two Indian restaurant boasts its family friendly premises so that you can bring the kids along for a meal out
The Twenty Two is a kid-friendly Italian restaurant. It's located near the riverside.
There is a restaurant named Loch Fyne that serves English-style, kid-friendly food.
Family friendly, cheap and highly rated Indian food can be found at The Wrestlers.
The Dumpling Tree is a Japanese pub that is family friendly located in The Portland Arms.
The Punter is a high-priced Fast food place.
The Golden Curry is a Chinese restaurant with a 5 out of 5 customer rating. It is located in the city center. near Café Rouge, and is not family friendly.
Here is a pub in riverside called The Olive Grove, it has a price range of more than £30, it is French and yes it is child friendly.
The Punter is a non-children friendly Japanese coffee shop near Café Sicilia with a low customer rating and price range more than L30.
For Japanese cuisine, The Golden Curry can be found near The Bakers at a price range of less than £20. Be aware The Golden Curry is not family-friendly.
The Midsummer House is located close to All Bar One and is in the high price range.
By the riverside is a family friendly restaurant called The Olive Grove.
Italian restaurant called The Cambridge Blue has a customer rating 5 out of 5
Japanese food is served at Blue Spice, which is situated at the riverside. It's a slightly expensive place to eat.
You can find The Golden Curry riverside near Café Rouge. It serves Japanese food, rated by customers 1 out of 5, and is kid friendly.
Blue Spice is a Japanese restaurant in the riverside area. The price range is less than  £20.
The Phoenix serves Chinese food and has a high customer rating.  Its price range is £20-25 and is located in city centre.
Bibimbap House offers English food near Clare Hall in the riverside area with price ranges of £20 - 25.
Zizzi is a cheap and family friendly coffee shop in riverside with a high customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a low cost Italian restaurant located near The Six Bells.
Giraffe is a pub style Indian eatery in the riverside area. Kids welcome.
The Wrestlers coffee shop is non-family-friendly and in the less than 20 pound price range.  The food is Japanese and it is located near the city center and Raja Indian Cuisine.
The coffee shop named Blue Spice in riverside near Avalon has a price range of more than £30, children friendly service, and also a customer rating of high.
Blue Spice is a family friendly restaurant that is located on the river.
Fast food restaurant, The Cambridge Blue has low customer ratings.
Alimentum provides Indian food in the more than £30 price range. It is located in the riverside. It is near Yippee Noodle Bar. Its customer rating is high.
Wildwood is a pub providing Indian food in the less than £20 price range. Its customer rating is low.
There is an Italian pub named Zizzi which has an average customer rating and is family friendly.
Blue Spice is a coffee shop near Avalon in the riverside area. It has a low customer rating, is not child-friendly, and has a price range of more than 30 pounds.
The Cricketers is a restaurant near All Bar One serving Italian food.
The Wrestlers has a  4 out of 5 rating. It offers French food for average priced. Children are welcome.
For adults looking for a fast food option, but in a quaint pub, try Giraffe, located in the riverside area.
The Mill near The Sorrento in the city centre is a coffee shop providing Japanese food with a price range less than £20.
The Midsummer House restaurant serves Asian food at mid-range prices. The restaurant can be found next to All Bar One.
Wildwood is a coffee shop located near Ranch that provides moderately priced food and drink and a 5 star service.
The Rice Boat, located on the riverside, serves mediocre Italian food.  Families are welcome.
There is a cheap coffee shop called The Wrestlers that is located riverside that serves Italian food. It is family friendly and is near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is an expensive, kid friendly coffee shop that serves Indian cuisine in Riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Cotton is a French coffee shop in town near The Portland Arms, prices start at £30 with a high rating of 5
The Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop that is not family-friendly. It serves French food of low rating. It is near the Crowne Plaza Hotel and the city center.
The Eagle in riverside has an average customer rating and a high price range.
The Golden Curry is a kid friendly establishment located near The Six Bells.
The Phoenix is located riverside. They have an average customer rating and serve Chinese food.
In the city center near All Bar One, is a non family-friendly Japanese food place called Green Man, there prices range  less than £20.
Alimentum is a low-priced restaurant located next to the river and Yippee Noodle Bar.
Near the river is a coffee shop called Aromi, it isn't family friendly.
The Eagle in riverside is cheap and has a rating of 5 out of 5.
Clowns is a coffee shop that serves Japanese food. It is situated by the riverside near Clare Hall and has an average customer rating.
Located in the City Centre is a high priced, high customer rated coffee shop called The Golden Palace which serves Indian food.
The Twenty Two, located near the city centre and The Rice Boat, is a family-friendly, highly rated restaurant that will cost about £20-25.
In the city centre, close to All Bar One, Green Man is a moderately priced child-friendly fast  food restaurant.
Blue Spice is a children friendly coffee shop in Riverside near Avalon with an average rating.
For city centre pub grub, you could do worse than The Mill - an Italian style pub with moderate pricing.
Near The Six Bells is  an average  priced Chinese restaurant  that is called Fitzbillies.
The Eagle, a French coffee shop, serves dishes less than £20 near Burger King in the city centre
The Golden Curry provides Chinese food Its customer rating is average.
Welcome to The Eagle. We a non family-friendly coffee shop our food is Italian we are near the Burger King we are at the riverside and our customer rating is low.
There is a coffee shop and fast food restaurant that is fairly expensive but is great for families and has excellent reviews called Fitzbillies.
Near Café Brazil is The Cambridge Blue pub that is, high priced English food.
Wildwood an Italian pub has a high customer rating and good menu on reasonable price starts from 20 pounds.
Aromi is an average customer rated coffee shop, providing Italian food. It's kids friendly and in the riverside.
Blue Spice is a Chinese restaurant with average prices in Riverside.
Blue Spice, located on the riverside, is both highly rated and kid friendly. Prices range from £20-25.
A children friendly pub near Ranch is The Cricketers. It has a 5 out of 5 rating
There is  an expensive place near The Bakers named The Golden Curry with friendly English food for children.
Wildwood is a moderately priced coffee shop that serves Fast food near Ranch. 3 out of 5 customers like it.
The Rice Boat is a Japanese place near Express by Holiday Inn that is children Friendly with a 3 out of 5 rating and a high price range in riverside.
The Rice Boat.  A family friendly, low cost restaurant, scoring 3 out of 5 stars and located near Express by Holiday Inn.
The Cricketers is a popular, child-friendly coffee shop serving French food. It is located near The Portland Arms.
The Waterman Italian restaurant is located in the center of town and offers average customer satisfaction at a high price.
Green Man is a traditional Japanese restaurant in the high price range near All Bar One. Public restrooms available.
The Twenty Two is an Indian restaurant you would want to take your kids to.
Loch Fyne is a children-friendly French restaurant.
With a customer rating of 1 out of 5, the Wildwood pub serves Indian food  for a moderate price.
The Golden Curry is in the riverside area. It isn't family-friendly, but is near Café Rouge, which is nice. It has French food and has an average rating.
Cotto is a coffee shop providing Indian food in the less than average price range. It is located in Riverside near The Portland Arms.
The Punter is a coffee shop providing Indian food in the £20-25 price range. It is near Café Sicilia. Its customer rating is high.
Located near the centre of the city, Zizzi is a family-friendly coffee shop with average ratings and prices under £20.
The pub, 'The Olive Grove', has quite high prices but boasts a child-friendly environment.
The Twenty Two is a children friendly fast food restaurant.
The Cotto Chinese restaurant near the Ranch is highly rated and Child friendly.
Located near Café Brazil is a moderately priced Indian pub known as The Cambridge Blue.
Near All Bar One is Midsummer House that sells Chinese, has a high customer rating which is priced more than £30.
Alimentum is an Indian restaurant that serves cheap food. It has an average customer rating and is located in the city Centre near the Yippee Noodle Bar.
A restaurant called the Wildwood has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and is located near Café Rouge.
Alimentum is an English cuisine place with high prices and children friendly atmosphere, located near riverside.
Aromi a pub in riverside is kids friendly the price is £20 to £25
Near The Six Bells, Fitzbillies serves Japanese cuisine at an average price range of £20-25.
By the riverside,Zizzi is a coffee shop which is highly rated in the price range of £30. Adults only
Located next to the riverside is a Fast food joint named The Phoenix. It has a low customer rating.
The Waterman serves English fare at reasonable prices. Families welcome.
Alimentum have a poor rating and a costly Chinese menu. They are located near Yippee Noodle Bar, by the riverside.
The Phoenix is a higher priced Chinese restaurant located riverside and has average customer ratings.
There is a moderately priced pub type Chinese food place called The Olive Grove, it's in city centre and kid friendly.
Cotto serves up lackluster Chinese food in a kid-friendly setting near Ranch.
Cocum is a pub that is not children friendly with a price range of more than 30lb with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Waterman is a high-priced 5 star family friendly restaurant located to the north of the city centre.
Blue Spice is Fast food and more than £30 in the city centre.
The Rice Boat is a moderately priced Chinese restaurant in the city center, near the Express by Holiday Inn. While the custom rating is only 3 out of 5, the place is known to be kid-friendly.
Giraffe great English food at riverside
Italian Midsummer House   customer rating 3 out of 5 same Café Rouge
Italian food is served at Browns Cambridge. It has a customer rating  of 1 out of 5. It is in the high price range.
The Cricketers  near Ranch has a customer rating of average, the Cricketers is a family friendly pub.
theres a kid friendly fast food place near Crowne Plaza Hotel called The Waterman
Bibimbap House, a restaurant near Clare Hall in the riverside area, offers high-priced Chinese food.
The Olive Grove is an adult-friendly pub in the city centre that offers Indian food at less than £20.
The Rice Boat is a family friendly restaurant with an average rating located in the Riverside area.
The Punter is a kids-friendly coffee shop serving Italian food at a moderate price. It is near thew Café Sicilia and has a 1 out of 5 customer rating.
Browns Cambridge has an excellent rating and is an average price restaurant.
For a Japanese type coffee shop, try the  family friendly Aromi in the Riverside area with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Mill is a Indian food pub in riverside with high prices.
Loch Fyne  is near The Rice Boat  provides Italian  food  customer rating of 1 out of 5 near the riverside
Midsummer House is an expensive sushi restaurant near All Bar One.
There a coffee shop that serves French style coffee its by the Ranch and its called Wildwood. Prices are amazing.
There is an family friendly Italian coffee shop called Browns Cambridge, with a 5 out of 5 customer rating. It is in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
The Rice Boat is near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café. It is high in price range and averagely rated
Bibimbap House Japanese restaurant in the riverside area, can be found near Clare Hall.  Price range £20-25.
The Golden Curry is near Café Rouge. It provides Italian food, it is kid friendly and has a 1 out of 5 customer rating
The Portland Arms has a 3 star coffee shop across from them called Cotto.
Zizzi is a Child friendly, Pub style fast food restaurant with a customer rating score of 1 out of 5.
Giraffe is a upscale coffee shop near The Bakers. 3 out of 5 stars
Fast food is served at The Rice Boat. It is moderately priced. It is located near riverside, near Express by Holiday Inn. It is not kid friendly.
In the city centre near Express by Holiday Inn is the French place called The Rice Boat that is kid friendly and has prices ranging from £20-25 and a rating of 3 out of 5
The Twenty Two is located in the riverside area near The Rice Boat. its prices are above average for the city and has a low customer rating. It is not suitable for children.
The Dumpling Tree restaurant has a price range of less than £20 and features English food.
The Twenty Two is a kids-friendly English restaurant by the riverside.
Kid friendly Japanese restaurant, The Twenty Two.
Customers highly rate Alimentum where you will find Italian food on the menu.  It is located in the riverside area near Yippee Noodle Bar and has a price range of more than E30.
There is an average rated pub riverside that has Japanese food. It's called The Waterman.
A fast food takeout The Twenty Two is not family friendly.
Zizzi fast food pub offers child friendly food.
The Green Man is a pub near the Café Rouge in the riverside area serving Indian food.
The Eagle, a coffee shop that serves decent priced burgers and fries is rated five stars, family friendly, and located next to Burger King on the river in City centre.
in the Riverside area near the Café Sicilia there is a pub named The Twenty Two which has a high rating
At Alimentum restaurant, you can enjoy great Italian cuisine right on the lake. The restaurant charges mid range prices and is outside City centre across from Yippee Noodle Bar.
The Punter, Chinese restaurant, price range from £19.99
The Vaults is a restaurant serving Japanese cuisine.
Located near the city centre is a 1 star mid-priced restaurant called Browns Cambridge.
The Phoenix is A restaurant serving food at a reduced price and is located near the river
The Waterman is a French restaurant that is located near Crowne Plaza Hotel. This restaurant is family friendly.
Browns Cambridge has average customer ratings with a cheap price range.
The Twenty Two serves fast food and is near the city center and is family-friendly.
There is a medium priced restaurant The Punter located in City Centre near The Portland Arms
East of The Portland Arms along the river is highly rated Cotto coffee shop with low prices and a varied menu.
The Eagle is a family-friendly location with a average rating near Burger King. The Eagle is an Italian coffee shop with cheap prices in the city center.
The Dumpling Tree, Chinese restaurant. Price is more than £30.
The price range is more than  £30 in a store name Strada
The Vaults is a moderately-priced sushi restaurant for adults only.
Even a child will love to eat English style food at The Twenty Two
A kid-friendly venue in the moderate price range is Green Man in Riverside.
The Rice Boat is a kids friendly restaurant that serves Italian food. It is in the city centre and the are a family-friendly restaurant.
The Golden Curry is a cheap English restaurant located near The Bakers.  It is not family-friendly.
Alimentum is a child-friendly restaurant in the riverside area of Cambridge, which serves Japanese food in a price range of more than £30.
The Rice Boat is a sushi restaurant  suitable for families that offer medium prices. It is rated one star and can be found next to Express by Holiday Inn.
Clowns is a coffee shop and serves Indian food.  It has an average customer rating and is located near Clare Hall in the city centre.
A   children friendly pub near Café Rouge that serves Japanese food in the over £30 price range is The Plough.
The Cricketers is a child friendly coffee shop with a rating of 3 out of 5 located near The Portland Arms
Aromi is not family-friendly located in the city centre. It is a pub rated 5 out of 5.
For a coffee shop that sells high priced Japanese food and has a 3 star rating Wildwood is located near to the Ranch
The Wrestlers is a moderately priced, adults only English restaurant. It has a customer rating of 1 out or 5.
The Wrestlers are the best in wines, and Italian food in the area and is child friendly
Green Man has a moderate price range and is kids-friendly. It is located in the riverside area.
The Twenty Two is a kids friendly Italian food place.
The Cricketers is a coffee Shop providing fast food. It is located in near The Portland Arms. The Cricketers is children friendly and high customer rating.
In Riverside, there is an expensive restaurant named Zizzi.
The Eagle is located by Burger King. It has fair prices and had burgers,drinks, and fries
in riverside near Yippee Noodle Bar is Alimentum; moderately priced fast food rated 3 out of 5
With a 5 out of 5 rating the Japanese restaurant The Waterman is a child friendly place you'll spend more than £30 in it's city centre location
The Dumpling Tree is an English cuisine restaurant, with a very moderate price range of just over £30
Looking for quality French cuisine without spending a fortune. You should try Loch Fyne, the low-cost, family friendly option for delicious French cuisine.
The Dumpling Tree is a restaurant providing fast food with a price range of over £30.
For Japanese food, you could visit Browns Cambridge which is moderately priced but only has a 1 out of 5 customer rating.
Near Express by Holiday Inn and riverside, there is a Chinese restaurant called The Rice Boat.  It has an average rating and is family-friendly.
The Rice Boat is located in the city centre and serves Italian food. The Rice Boat is not family-friendly and has a low customer rating.
Taste of Cambridge is a cheap restaurant with an average customer rating.
Midsummer House is an inexpensive, three-star restaurant that offers a selection of food and wine. It can be found near All Bar One.
The Rice Boat is a 5 out of 5 rated fast food restaurant with cheap prices near the Express by Holiday Inn in the riverside area. The restaurant is not family-friendly.
A cheap, Italian restaurant would be Loch Fyne. Loch Fyne is family friendly.
The Cricketers is a pub near Ranch. It children friendly and have 1 out of 5 rating.
The Dumpling Tree is a pub that allows children. It serves Indian food and is near The Portland Arms.
The Wrestlers is no kids-friendly French food restaurant   with price Range £20-25.
If you're looking for cheap Japanese fare with a pub atmosphere, check out The Mill in the riverside area.
French pub The Mill is located n the riverside.  The price range is cheap.
The Plough is a cheap, family friendly pub serving Japanese food.  It is near Café Rouge.
Bibimbap House is an Indian restaurant, priced in the moderate range. It is riverside, near to Clare Hall.
With a customer rating of 1 out of 5, you can get French food near the riverside from The Phoenix.
The Mill is a pub that provides Indian food in the moderate price range. It is located in the city centre.
The Cambridge Blue restaurant, food and drink. Rated three stars.
There is a family friendly pub near The Sorrento called Taste of Cambridge. It is located by the riverside.
The Rice Boat provides Indian food It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
The Twenty Two is a family Friendly Indian food
The Plough offers low priced cuisine in a family-friendly setting. In close proximity to the Café Rouge.
The Rice Boat is a family friendly sushi restaurant with a medium price and rated 1 star. It is located near Express by Holiday Inn.
Located near Express by Holiday Inn in the city centre, The Rice Boat is a child friendly, high price fast food restaurant with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Waterman provides Indian food in the high price range. It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge was rated 3 out of 5. It costs between £20-25.
French pub The Olive Grove offers dishes at a moderate price in a kid friendly setting
Fitzbillies is a high priced French coffee shop that is located in the Riverside area. It is not for children and it is rated 3 out of 5.
There is a cheap family-friendly restaurant providing wine and cheese called Loch Fyne.
With low-costs and one out of five stars, The Rice Boat is located near Express by Holiday Inn. The Rice Boat is not family-friendly.
On the outskirts of the city is a low cost coffee shop called The Cotto. This is close to The Portland Arms pub.
Wildwood is an Italian coffee Shop serving high priced food. It is near The Ranch and has a rating of 5 out of 5.
Giraffe is a Pub serving Chinese food in the Riverside Area. Please note it is adults only and not family friendly.
The Mill is a coffee shop that serves Italian food. It is located in the center of the city near The Sorrento. It has a moderate price range.
There is a restaurant near Rainbow Vegetarian Café with a 1 out 5 star rating, that serves really expensive Indian food. It's called Strada, and it's not family friendly.
Yes, The Rice Boat is Italian and is next to Express by Holiday Inn offering moderate view of the riverside and low rating 1 out of 5.
Giraffe is a restaurant located near The Six Bells that sells meals for more than thirty euros.
Green Man is  restaurant which is kids friendly with a price range of 20 to 25 pounds in Riverside.
Italian restaurant, Loch Fyne is family friendly
The Mill is a coffee shop near The Sorrento in the riverside area, they offer French food in the more than £30 price range.
The Mill is a pub in the Riverside area offering fast food in the average price range.
For a pricier Italian meal, you can head to the city centre near Yippee Noodle Bar. Alimentum is the name of the restaurant. It has high ratings from customers.
Giraffe is a coffee shop near The Bakers with prices more than £30. Not kid friendly. Rated 5 out of 5 stars.
Located near Café Sicilia, The Punter is a high rated coffee shop. It has a higher price range, but it's fast food and kid friendly.
The Rice Boat Is a moderately priced restaurant with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and is located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
Clowns is high customer rated coffee shop located in the Clare Hall.
Browns Cambridge has a high customer rating with a price range of more than £30.
Fitzbillies is a kids friendly coffee shop offering Indian food in the riverside area. It has a customer rating of 1 out 5 and its prices are in the moderate range.
No one wants to go to The Wrestlers, where they have a rating of 1 out of 5 and high priced food. This Fast food is not kid friendly either.
Medium priced, medium rating.  The Phoenix, by the river
Midsummer House is a company of Chinese food at high prices with a rating of 4 customers and All Bar One.
The Twenty Two is a child friendly location offering French food
The Wrestlers has a 3 out of 5 customer rating and has a moderate price range, serves Indian food, and is a non kid friendly restaurant.
The Golden Curry is a riverside Italian restaurant located near Café Rouge. It has a 3 out of 5 star rating and is kid friendly.
The Rice Boat Serves Japanese  food and is located near Express by Holiday Inn in the riverside area. Rated 3 out of 5 stars, High prices and not kid friendly.
Green Man, located in the city centre near All Bar One, offers expensive English food - but does not welcome children.
The Taste of Cambridge restaurant is a cheap place to eat with an average customer rating.
Loch Fyne is an Italian restaurant that is not kid-friendly and is moderately priced.
The Green Man serves high-priced Chinese food. It is located on the riverside near All Bar One. It is not child friendly.
The Golden Curry provides Indian food Its customer rating is high.
Clowns is a highly-rated pub in the £20-25 price range. It is in the riverside area.
The Golden Curry, situated in the city centre near the Café Rouge is an average rated restaurant thats serves Italian food.
Strada is a cheap, non-family-friendly restaurant with a high customer rating.
The Rice Boat has an average customer rating located in the center or the city.  This restaurant is family friendly and offers Italian food.
The Twenty Two is a family friendly restaurant that serves English food. It is also family friendly.
The Twenty Two serves English food and is children friendly.
The Plough, yes, is a family friendly pub that serves Italian food near Café Rouge
Wildwood is an okay pub with an average of one star reviews.
The Twenty Two is on the riverside and offers a family friendly atmosphere and English cuisine.
The Rice Boat is a Japanese restaurant located in the city centre near Express by Holiday Inn. It is qualified as 3 out 5 with a price range of £20-25, and not suitable for kids.
The Golden Curry is a Indian restaurant that is highly customer recommended with a 5 out of 5 rating it is not however family friendly.
The Eagle is a high cost family friendly coffee shop located near Burger King.
There is a pub named Clowns, located riverside with average prices,  that has been given a 3 star rating.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop, that offers cheap Indian food with 5 out of 5 recommending it. it can be located in the city centre
Located in the riverside area near the Express by Holiday Inn you will find the expensive but family friendly restaurant The Rice Boat with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Golden Curry is a kid friendly Italian restaurant with a customer rating from 3 to 5.
The Phoenix is a low-cost wine and cheese restaurant located by the margin of the river.
The Rice Boat is a Japanese restaurant that is child friendly and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5. The rice boat is situated by the river side.
The Rice Boat is averaged priced, 5 star family friendly. Its located near Express by Holiday Inn.
The Cricketers it is a 1 star coffee shop, It is not for the whole family, It is next to The Portland Arms
The Punter is a low priced restaurant.
The Plough is family friendly a Chinese pub that serves take out for £20-25 near the Café Rouge
The Wrestlers is a highly rated kid friendly Japanese restaurant for about £20-25.
There is a moderate-priced restaurant The Wrestlers that provides Italian food. It is no kids-friendly and low customer rating.
The Phoenix in the city centre serves poorly rated Chinese food.
Loch Fyne, is a great place for lunch and the taste is great and prices are low.
The Golden Curry which serves French food, and has a low customer rating is very family friendly.
Cocum is a family friendly restaurant with an Average customer rating.
Clowns is a pub located in the Riverside area with a price range of less than 20 pounds. The customer rating on this establishment is low.
In the centre city area, there is The Phoenix, a moderately priced fast food restaurant.
Cotto is a Italian coffee shop near The Portland Arms, that is high in price, it's near a riverside, and the rating is average.
Wildwood is a French pub, with a customer rating of 3 out of 5, serving fool costing £20-£25.
Bibimbap House provides Chinese food It is located in the city centre. It is near The Rice Boat.
Fitzbillies serves affordable Indian Food near The Six Bells
Next to the Café Rouge the Green Man pub serves fast food in a riverside setting.
Browns Cambridge is a high-priced restaurant in that delivers take-away.
customer rating 3 out of 5, area riverside, kids-friendly no, price Range moderate , food English,name The Rice Boat , near Express by Holiday Inn.
Cotto is a coffee shop with Indian food that has an average customer rating and is in the high price range. It is located near The Portland Arms by the riverside.
For average priced food head to Blue Spice.
In the city centre near the Crowne Plaza Hotel is an Italian coffee shop called Browns Cambridge. It has a low customer rating, but is family-friendly.
Strada is near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café.  It is not family friendly and service Indian food cheaply.  It has an average customer rating.
Bibimbap House in riverside near Clare Hall has French food for less than   £20.
Located in the city centre, you can find Alimentum. Alimentum is kid friendly and specializes in moderately priced Italian food.
In the city centre you will find a Fast food restaurant called The Golden Curry. It is located near Café Rouge, is not family-friendly and has a rating of 5 out of 5.
Strada is a cheap, non family-friendly Japanese food establishment which I situated near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
There is a children friendly Italian restaurant named The Waterman located in the city centre, it has high customer ratings and a price range of over £30.
Loch Fyne is a Japanese restaurant that offers a family-friendly atmosphere and reasonable prices.
Wildwood is a Japanese coffee shop in Ranch with a price range of less than £20,  and a low customer rating.
Come Here to our restaurant it is chill friendly Its only a short drive away in the town Loch Fyne and the food Is Japanese
at Riverside is a high price a high rating pub called Clowns.
Welcome to The Eagle.  We serve Japanese food and our price range is less than 20 pounds. We are a coffee shop and are family-friendly. We are located in the city centre near Burger King.
Japanese food is served in the £20-25 range in the Wildwood pub, it has high customer rating.
Alimentum is a restaurant providing high quality sea food in the average price range. It is located in the north of city after Yippee Noodle Bar.
In the riverside area is the child friendly venue called the Green Man which cost in excess of £30
Near Crowne Plaza Hotel is The Waterman.  It is children friendly and has Indian food.
Cotto is a Fast food restaurant located near the Café Rouge.
Cotto is located in the city centre near All Bar One and is in the more than £30 price range.
Chinese food at moderate prices is on offer at The Olive Grove  pub in the riverside area but it's not kid friendly.
In the higher price range for Indian restaurants is The Dumpling Tree.
The Golden Palace is a restaurant in Riverside that has an average customer rating.
The Green Man offers cheap, family friendly English food.  It is located near All Bar One on the riverside.
There is an average priced Indian food restaurant called The Phoenix, in the city centre, with a high customer rating.
Zizzi is a pub style restaurant serving Indian food. It has an average customer rating and is children friendly.
Midsummer House is an Italian restaurant located near Café Rouge with average customer ratings.
The Golden Palace is a high-priced coffee shop offering good Indian food in the city centre.
The Browns Cambridge is a pub of excellent quality with high prices near the city centre.
Clowns is a coffee shop located riverside, near Clare Hall. They have fast food and have an average customer rating.
With a customer rating of 5 out of 5, The Wrestlers, a family friendly place, serves English food for a cheap price range.
Families can find a fair place close to The Bakers called The Golden Curry.
Grab a quick bite at The Cambridge Blue Pub, near Café Brazil.
The Clowns is a coffee shop on the Riverside in Clare Hall. They only have a customer rating of 1 out of 5, but they serve Indian food too.
The Eagle is a five star restaurant that serves Indian food.
The Golden Palace is a low priced coffee shop with a rating of three stars.
A kid friendly pub named The Cricketers is near Ranch, but it has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Rice Boat, located near Express by Holiday Inn in the city centre, is a child friendly, high price fast food restaurant with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
There's a cheap coffee shop located at the city centre named Fitzbillies. They are family friendly and serve Indian food, the customer rating is low.
Taste of Cambridge is  a restaurant that is less than £20 and has a low customer rating
A restaurant with a rating of 1 out of 5 stars called Alimentum is located near Yippee Noodle Bar on the riverside. It serves Italian and its prices are moderate.
Near the Café Adriatic on the riverside with a price range of less than £20, is the Travellers Rest Beefeater. It has a low customer rating.
Fitzbillies in the riverside area offer cheap Japanese food. The family friendly coffee shop gets 5 out of 5 in its customer rating.
Alimentum is a moderate-priced Indian restaurant in the city centre that is non kids friendly
There is a one-star, high-priced coffee shop called The Vaults in the riverside area near Café Brazil.
A pub that serves English food is Zizzi.  They are not family friendly and are low rated with 1 out of 5 rating.
Browns Cambridge near the Crowne Plaza Hotel by the riverside is an Indian coffee shop that has an average customer rating and is child friendly.
Wildwood pub is ranked 3 stars and features a great kitchen with food
The Rice Boat has low customer ratings, and is not family-friendly, but they serve Italian food, they're riverside, it costs less than £20, and it's near Express by Holiday Inn.
Cotto, with a Customer rating of 5 out of 5 , that serves Fast food and a Family friendly place near Ranch.
The Twenty Two is a restaurant located in the city centre with a mid price range. It is located near The Rice Boat and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5, it is also kid friendly and suitable for all families.
The pub The Vaults, rated 3 out of 5 is located near the Café Adriatic. It's pretty expensive.
The Waterman serves French food and has ratings of 3 out of 5 with a high price range, located in riverside.
The Phoenix serves fast food in the riverside area and has lower customer ratings.
Near the Crowne Plaza Hotel in city centre is the family-friendly Taste of Cambridge. This coffee shop serves Japanese food.
In the riverside area of the city there is a Japanese restaurant called Blue Spice. The price range is less than £20.
Located near Café Rouge in riverside, The Golden Curry is a family friendly French restaurant with a low customer rating.
The Eagle can be found in the city centre, near Burger King. It's moderately priced Indian in coffee shop surroundings. Only adult parties are welcomed to this low rated establishment.
The Olive Grove is a cheap pub by the river side for adult public
The Golden Curry is a child friendly pub, situated near The Bakers, serving English food in the higher price range.
There is a fast food restaurant, Midsummer House, located near the All Bar One and the customer rating is 3 out of 5 and the cost is pretty moderate.
The Phoenix provides Chinese food in the £20-25 price range. It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is high.
You will find a French food pub near the Yippee Noodle Bar.  It's called Strada.  It has low customer ratings.
Near Express by Holiday Inn located in City Centre is a family friendly, cheap Chinese restaurant known as The Rice Boat.
The Dumpling Tree is a kids-friendly French pub, near The Portland Arms.
Located in the city centre near Yippee Noodle Bar, the Alimentum is a Japanese restaurant with a moderate price range. its customers rate is 1 out of 5 stars.
The Waterman is a pub in the riverside area serving French food with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Waterman is a pub providing Chinese food It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is high.
Giraffes is a family-friendly Japanese pub in the city centre.
Browns Cambridge serves Japanese food in the £20 - £25 price range has a 3 out of 5 customer rating
The coffee shop Blue Spice can be found in the city centre near Avalon. For the price range of £20-25, it has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and is not kids friendly.
The waterman, is an average graded Japanese restaurant that is family friendly and the price range of the food dishes are less than 20 dollars.
The restaurant in the riverside area is The Olive Grove. It is not family-friendly.
The Punter licensed coffee shop. rated only one star and pricey, though children are welcome. Just along from Café Sicilia.
The Golden Palace serves Japanese food and has a coffee shop located in the city centre with a price range of more than 30 and a customer rating of 5 out of 5
The Mill pub in Riverside serves excellent Italian food but is quite costly.
Cocum is a one star coffee shop that is moderately priced and family friendly.
An Italian restaurant with a high customer rating is The Cambridge Blue.
Located in the city centre, near Raja Indian Cuisine, The Wrestlers is a moderately priced adult oriented coffee shop.
The Dumpling Tree coffee shop is close to Café Sicilia.  You might find the prices moderate but it's not kid friendly.
A children friendly coffee shop that serves French food and has low customer rating by the riverside area is Aromi.
Cocum is a kids-friendly restaurant, with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Low rated The Golden Curry serves English food.
There is a family friendly restaurant called the Loch Fyne.  It has fast food. and the prices are less than 20.00.
Aromi is a family-friendly, riverside coffee shop that offers oriental cuisine.  Customers rate them 3 out of 5 stars.
The Cambridge Blue is a pub that provides Indian food in the more than £30 price range. It is near Café Brazil.
The Waterman is a cheap child friendly place.
Alimentum provides Indian food in the high price range. It is located in the riverside.
The Punter is a coffee shop that serves Indian food for a cheap price, and they have average customer service. The Punter is family friendly and is located near Café Sicilia.
The Golden Palace in the riverside area is an averagely rated restaurant
Clowns is a highly -rated pub located by the riverside. The price range is between £20-25.
Browns Cambridge serves cheap French food that is rated 5 out of 5.
Fitzbillies, family-friendly coffee shop, high prices, high reviews, near the river.
The Rice Boat serves Italian food, is rated five stars and is family friendly. Located in the riverside area.
A 1 star rated pub Aromi sat next to the river with a no children policy.
There is a cheap Chinese food place called Strada, and it is near Rainbow Vegetarian Café. It isn't family friendly, it has an average rating, and it has an average customer rating.
A non family-friendly, cheap venue in the city centre is The Punter near The Portland Arms
The Punter offers fast food for less than £20.
Browns Cambridge is a French food coffee shop located in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is family-friendly with a 5 out of 5 rating.
Giraffe is a restaurant near The Six Bells where you can enjoy a great meal for less than £20.
The customer rating at  is 5 out of 5 at Cocum. And yes its also kid friendly, and has affordable prices.
For a family friendly, Fast food pub, you can find Giraffe by the riverside.
There is a bar near Café Brazil called The Cambridge Blue that provides French cuisines and has costly price ranges.
The Waterman is a moderately priced,kid friendly Italian restaurant. It is located in the city centre and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Punter is a three star coffee shop located near Café Sicilia with average prices. They are family friendly.
Near the riverside, Fitzbillies is a moderately priced Fast food coffee shop that has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and is kid friendly.
The Golden Curry is a family friendly Japanese. It is rated average by customers.
The Eagle, a Japanese coffee shop, near Burger King in the city centre, has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. its price range is more than £30, and, yes to children.
The Wrestlers coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre sells French food and is moderate priced no kids allowed.
Pub with the name of The Mill providing English food in the Riverside for just £20-25
The Wrestlers is a kids friendly restaurant which provides Italian food. The price range is moderate, customer rating is 3 out of 5.
The Twenty Two near The Rice Boat in riverside is family-friendly, with low prices and an average rating.
The Olive Grove is a cheap family friendly pub that sells Japanese food and is located on the riverside
There is a French pub named The Dumpling Tree near The Portland Arms that is children friendly.
The Golden Palace is an affordable coffee shop that offers full meal options.
The Rice Boat is a cheap, highly rated Indian restaurant. It caters to families and can be found in the riverside area near the Express by Holiday Inn.
Browns Cambridge provides Indian food in the moderate price range. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
The Wrestlers Chinese restaurant serves high price range dishes and is children friendly.
Fitzbillies has a low customer rating and is not family-friendly. It is in the price range of less than £20 and is near Express by Holiday Inn.
Fitzbillies near The Six Bells offers Italian food in a moderate price range.
The Golden Palace coffee shop on the riverfront is an excellent mid-priced eatery. They also serve spaghetti.
Aromi is a family-friendly coffee shop in city centre
There is a cheap pub that serves Chinese near the city centre called The Mill.
A city centre based, children friendly coffee shop  called Fitzbillies serves French food within a high price range at a customer rating of 3 out of 5
The Golden Palace is a high priced coffee shop close to the river on the outskirts of the city centre.
Loch Fyne is an Italian restaurant fit for all family sizes including strollers
In the city centre, near Café Rouge, there is an average non-family-friendly fast food called The Golden Curry.
Loch Fyne is a kid friendly fast food restaurant in the £20-25 range
The Eagle is a kids friendly coffee shop near Burger King in the riverside area. It is moderately priced, rated 3 out of 5 and serves fast food.
The Cricketers, a children friendly pub located near Ranch, has a 3 out of 5 customer rating.
The Dumpling Tree is a restaurant that serves Indian food and cost about twenty to twenty five euros.
The Cricketers is a family friendly pub located near Ranch.
The Cricketers is an average coffee family friendly coffee shop that is located by The Portland Arms. It serves Japanese food.
For a cheap family friendly Indian coffee shop in the city centre go to Fitzbillies, its not recommended.
The Waterman provides Indian food in the high price range. It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is average.
The Eagle is a coffee shop in city centre next to Burger King with a high customer rating
Popular English place Midsummer House you can find it near Café Rouge
The Punter, located near The Portland Arms in the centre of the city, has moderate prices.
The Golden Palace is a low rated coffee shop that is located at the city centre and serves Japanese food that costs more than 30.
A kid-friendly venue near The Six Bells is The Golden Curry.
there is a low rated French coffee shop named Wildwood. it is less than £20 and near Ranch.
The Golden Curry restaurant has a rating of 3 out of 5 , offers fast food and a child friendly atmosphere.
Midsummer House is  near Café Rouge. Customers rating Midsummer House 3 out of 5. It serves Japanese food and it is rating by customers 3 out of 5.
Fitzbillies pricey Fast food near The Six Bells.
The Golden Curry restaurant has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. This is a family friendly establishment, providing Italian food.
A coffee shop called The Golden Palace. serves Japanese food for less than £20. It has an average consumer rating and is located on the riverside.
Near The Six Bells is The Golden Curry. It is not family friendly.
Strada is a kid-friendly, Italian restaurant near Rainbow Vegetarian Café. The price range is moderate, but has a low rating of only 1 out of 5.
The Rice Boat in Riverside near Loch Fyne, serves English food average customer rating.
Fitzbillies coffee shop has a high priced menu and is family friendly. It has good reviews.
The Golden Palace is a restaurant that is cheap.
The Eagle is a child friendly Japanese coffee shop. It is low rated with the prices at more than £30. In the riverside area near Burger King.
Cocum is a pub that is not family-friendly. It has a low customer rating and a price range of less than £20.
The Fitzbillies is a moderate priced sushi bar located near The Six Bells.
Kid friendly and located near the All Bar One, Green Man is a moderately priced Chinese restaurant.
Cocum is a kid friendly fast food restaurant that serves coffee at a reasonable price range.
The Phoenix near riverside is a 1 out of 5 moderate price range fast food
Green Man is a low-priced, family-Friendly place located in the riverside.
The Golden Curry sells Indian food. It is located in the riverside area, near Café Rouge. It has a low customer rating but it is family friendly.
There is an inexpensive adult coffee shop called Cocum, which serves wine and cheese.
The Golden Curry is not a family friendly restaurant providing full meals in the low price range. It is located next to The Bakers.
The Phoenix is a fast food restaurant located in city centre with an average customer rating.
At the end of the city there is a cheap restaurant called Bibimbap House located beside Clare Hall
For child friendly Japanese food try The Twenty Two.
Blue Spice is a family friendly restaurant  near riverside with a rather cheap price range; customers have given it an average rating.
A restaurant usually had good customer service and yes, that mean being kid friendly also. A restaurant like this can average 3 out of 5 stars. A good example of this kind of restaurant is Cocum.
Alimentum provides Indian food in the moderate price range. It is located in the city centre. It is near Yippee Noodle Bar. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
for best food visit  Bibimbap House price more than 30£ near to Clare Hall area riverside
The Waterman is a children friendly fast food restaurant in the city centre. It has a high customer rating and is priced in the £20 to £25 range.
The Golden Curry offers Indian food at a price range of less than £20. It is not family friendly and is located near The Bakers.
In the city centre, there is a restaurant called Aromi that serves Chinese food.
Children Friendly Japanese restaurant The Punter is located near Café Sicilia has a low customer rating  for a coffee shop with a range of more than £30
Alimentum is a family friendly Fast food restaurant located near riverside and is cheap.
Located riverside near Burger King, The Eagle is a coffee shop offering Japanese food with a price range of £20-25. Not children friendly, but it has a high customer rating.
Strada is an expensive child friendly restaurant with low customer ratings.
The Wildwood is an Italian coffee shop offering affordable prices. It is located near Ranch and has unfavourable customer reviews.
The Dumpling Tree is a child friendly coffee shop in riverside near Café Sicilia that sells meals for more than £30
Near the Express by Holiday Inn is a family-friendly French place called The Rice Boat. It has a price range of less than £20 and was given a low customer rating.
The Strada is situated near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café. It serves English food at high prices. With only an average customer rating, and  no children warning, it's not too much to shout about.
For British food in the city centre, The Phoenix has one out of five stars customer rating and is moderately priced.
The Phoenix is a low rated Indian restaurant in riverside.
There is a no family-friendly coffee shop Taste of Cambridge located near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside that provides Fast food.
There is a Pub close to Café Brazil with a cheap price range. It is called The Cambridge Blue and serves French food.
The Golden Curry restaurant is family friendly and serves oriental food.  It has received a low review.
Browns Cambridge is a moderately priced venue, with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Rice Boat serves Italian food. Has a customer rating 5 out of 5. They are not family-friendly. There price range is cheap. They are in the riverside area near Express by Holiday Inn.
Loch Fyne is an expensive, full-service, family friendly restaurant.
The Phoenix  is a fast food restaurant that is moderately priced.
Alimentum is a family friendly Italian restaurant which offers moderate priced food located long the riverside
The Cricketers is a Japanese coffee shop with an average customer rating, It is located near The Portland Arms and is very family friendly.
The Green Man is a non-family-friendly fast food restaurant in Riverside near All Bar One with a price range of less than £20.
The Plough is an expensive fast food restaurant that welcomes people of all ages. It is near Café Rouge
The Strada is an Italian pub with a high customer rating near Yippee Noodle Bar.
Blue Spice serves high priced Indian food in the riverside area.
The Rice Boat, near to Express by Holiday Inn is an expensive, child friendly, Italian restaurant in the city centre with average customer ratings.
The Green Man has Japanese food with moderate price range located at the riverside near All Bar One and is not kids-friendly.
The Cricketers It is a coffee shop for the whole family, It is near The Portland Arms
Loch Fyne is an expensive Italian restaurant, it's not child friendly.
Zizzi is a pub serving English food, it has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 but is not child friendly.
There is a cheap Italian restaurant.  It is called The Dumpling Tree.
In the city centre, near All Bar One, there is an Indian restaurant called Green Man. Children are not welcome but it is moderately priced.
There is a French restaurant with a 5 out of 5 customer rating called The Rice Boat, it is near to the Express by Holiday Inn which is in the riverside area. It usually costs more than £30 but is not child friendly.
The Eagle is a Japanese restaurant with a 3 out of 5 star rating.
Cotto is near Ranch selling English food in a family Friendly environment with a rating of 5 out of 5
Clowns coffee shop near Clare Hall in riverside has an average rating. It offers fast food.
The children friendly coffee shop called The Wrestlers can be found by the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine. It serves Japanese food in average price range.
A kid-friendly pub serving French food is The Dumpling Tree. It is located near The Portland Arms.
The Rice Boat is an Italian restaurant  located in the city centre near Express by Holiday Inn. It offers a cheap price range, family-friendly atmosphere, and has average rating.
There is a noodle restaurant located near The Sorrento, it is called Browns Cambridge.
The Cambridge Blue, a high cost restaurant of Italian food
A high price fast food restaurant in the city centre is called The Phoenix, it has a 1 out of 5 customer rating.
The Twenty Two is  a pub near Café Sicilia in the riverside area for a low customer rating
Reasonable French food is available at The Punter.
Near Café Rouge is a place called The Golden Curry. It is riverside and has a 5 out of 5 rating, but it is not family-friendly.
In the less than £20 price range, Strada is a family friendly restaurant with a low customer rating.
A coffee shop that is kid friendly near Raja Indian Cuisine named The Wrestlers in the riverside area has a price range of more than £30 that serves Italian food.
Zizzi is a pub providing Indian food Its customer rating is low.
In Riverside you will find The Phoenix, which is moderately priced Italian food. The phoenix has received a customer rating of 1 of 5.
There is a high customer rating restaurant Midsummer House and they serve Japanese food. It is in the city near Café Rouge.
There is a French Café The Eagle located in the city centre near Burger King and is children friendly.
Alimentum is located at city center. It is a cheap family-friendly Italian restaurant.
A moderately priced French coffee shop, Cotto, is located near The Portland Arms in riverside.  its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Wildwood, near Café Rouge, is restaurant receiving customer ratings of 1 out of 5.
The Punter is a child friendly coffee shop. It is near Café Sicilia. Is has a high customer rating. The Punter serves English food. It costs over 30 euro.
Near Café Adriatic is a pub named The Vaults serving cheap food. This is highly rated with a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
The Golden Curry offers Japanese food in the riverside area near Café Rouge.  It is kid friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
I heard of this place called Zizzi, it is a family friendly coffee shop, It has a rating of three stars although it is quite expensive.
Families staying at the Crowne Plaza Hotel: Try the Browns Cambridge coffee shop in riverside, serving Italian food and rated 3 out of 5 by customers.
Fitzbillies is a 5 star rated, child friendly coffee shop in the riverside area that serves expensive French food.
The Golden Curry is an Italian restaurant near The Bakers that has a moderate price range and is kid friendly.
Zizzi is a pub best suited to adults with excellent customer ratings serving Chinese food.
The Golden Palace is a moderately priced pub in riverside near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
Wildwood is an Italian coffee shop next to the Ranch.
There is a coffee shop Aromi located close to the center. of the city. It has a superb view across the river.
When looking for a cheap coffee shop in the Riverside area with a customer rating of 5 out of 5, The Eagle offers a family friendly environment with Italian food.  The Eagle is located near Burger King.
Loch Fyne is a fast food restaurant that is expensive but child friendly.
The Vaults is a cheap pub with a customer rating of 5 out of 5. The Vaults is located near Café Adriatic.
The Punter serves English food in the price range of £30 or higher.
Eat English cooked meals in quiet atmosphere at The Rice Boat.
The Vaults is a restaurant that serves cheap Indian food and is very family friendly.
Alimentum provides Chinese food in the cheap price range. It is located in the riverside. It is near Yippee Noodle Bar. Its customer rating is average.
The Wrestlers, restaurant is a inexpensive place that families go to.
The Twenty Two is a kid-friendly fast food restaurant in Riverside.
The Wrestlers children friendly Chinese restaurant pricey with a low rating
Blue Spice is located by the riverside. it has a high customer rating with a price range of more than £30. yes it is children friendly
Strada serves Japanese food, is family friendly, and has great ratings at low prices. It can be found near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
The Plough, located near Café Rouge is a family friendly pub that serves cheap Fast food.
The coffee shop The Golden Palace has a 3 star rating and serves expensive food and drinks.  It is located north of the city center.
The Olive Grove is a pub that provides Indian food with moderate prices in riverside and is not kids friendly.
The Waterman is providing Chinese food but it is not family friendly near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
The Golden Palace is a restaurant providing a cheap price range.
Midsummer House, which serves inexpensive Indian food near All Bar One, leaves much to be desired.
There is a moderately priced pub The Plough near Café Rouge. It is not kids friendly but they serve fast food.
The Rice Boat family friendly Japanese low rating riverside.
Japanese food in a coffee shop, Fitzbillies is by the riverside good priced menu, family friendly. But has a low customer rating.
For a moderately priced coffee shop on the riverside, The Golden Palace, serving French cuisine, has a customer rating of 1 out of five.
With a moderate price range, and a customer rating of 1 out of 5 is Wildwood, an Italian pub.
French food is served up on the riverside at The Golden Curry. near Café Rouge.  It is child-friendly and customer rated it 3 out of 5.
Located by the riverside and near to the Yippee Noodle Bar, Alimentum serves Japanese food. It has an average customer rating and a price range of less than £20.
Cotto is a restaurant near the All Bar One that offers food for more than £30.
You can find cheap Japanese food at the Vaults. The Vaults is a family friendly restaurant.
Zizzi is a child-friendly restaurant and coffee shop in the average to high price range.  It is located by the riverside and has an average customer rating.
The is a moderately priced restaurant Green Man in riverside near All Bar One. It is not a kids friendly restaurant but they serve English food.
Near Yippee Noodle Bar on the river, is Alimentum which offers inexpensive typical American fare.
The Plough pub specialises in Chinese food. It's located near Café Rouge and caters to adult patrons willing to pay mid-range prices.
High-priced Chinese food is on offer at Bibimbap House, a restaurant near Clare Hall in the riverside area.
There's a Fast food place to eat, and yes it's children-friendly named The Plough which is a high price range near the Café Rouge.
The Waterman offers a fast food meal. It has average prices. It is family friendly and has a very good opinion
the riverside area has a Japanese restaurant called The Phoenix with a customer rating of 5.
Zizzi coffee shop in riverside is kid friendly rated 3 out of 5 prices £20-25.
There is a average coffee shop Aromi located in the centre of the city that is family-friendly,
Near The Portland Arms is The Punter. This a children friendly restaurant with a price range of £30 near the riverside.
Located near Yippee Noodle Bar is Strada, a French pub, rated 3 out of 5
The Waterman provides Indian food in the more than £30 price range. It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is high.
Browns Cambridge serves mid-range priced food and customers say it is an okay place to eat.
The Olive Grove serves English food. They are children friendly. There price range is high and there located in the area of city centre. They are a pub.
Taste of Cambridge is a restaurant with high customer ratings.  The price range at this restaurant is slightly higher than average.  Prices are above £30.
If you like Italian food, try The Cricketers restaurant, near All Bar One.
The Golden Curry is a low price sushi restaurant located near The Bakers.
Wildwood is a 1 out of 5 stars pub with Chinese food in the moderate price range.
Indian pub The Olive Grove is located in the city centre and is child friendly, though the price range is a little more than normal.
The Waterman is a Fast food in Riverside with high customer rating, no children friendly, more than £30
customer rating is poor 1 out of 5, but The Eagle is quality food
Zizzi is a restaurant that provides average Italian Pub fare and is not family-friendly.
Cotto, with a price range less than 20 GBP is located in the city centre near All Bar One.
Browns Cambridge provides Chinese food It is located in the riverside. It is near The Sorrento.
The Olive Grove is a good, low-priced pub to go out with your friends
Travellers Rest Beefeater is a low rated restaurant that offering meal for more than 30 euro. located in riverside near Café Adriatic
In the riverside is The Phoenix that has high customer rating and a price range of £20-25.
The Punter is a moderate price range English restaurant
There is an expensive coffee shop called Fitzbillies, which sells Italian food, situated in the riverside area. It is unpopular with customers and not suitable for families.
The Waterman is a Pub that offers Chinese, rated 1 out of 5 stars, and set next to the riverside.
Wildwood pub offers low priced fast food and holds an average customer rating.
A Chinese pub named the Zizzi has an average customer rating and is family friendly.
Fitzbillies is a moderately priced, family friendly coffee shop, located in the park next to the river.
For less than £20, Blue Spice serve Chinese food in the riverside area.
Near Crowne Plaza Hotel, there is an Italian coffee shop called Taste of Cambridge. It is child friendly in the riverside area.
Near The Portland Arms is an Italian pub called  The Dumpling Tree which is child friendly.
Loch Fyne is a restaurant providing Indian food in the less than £20 price range.
The Mill pub has English food that is moderately priced. It is in the area of city centre.
The Wrestlers Italian restaurant is medium priced. It is family friendly and medium priced.
Taste of Cambridge is a restaurant which is rated highly by customers. The price range is over £30
The Rice Boat of Japanese food  with cheap price is located near Express by Holiday Inn by riverside. Their customer rating rating is high but its not family-friendly.
Aromi is a non-family-friendly Japanese coffee shop located on the riverside. It has an average customer rating.
The Phoenix serves Japanese food in the riverside area with prices under £20. It received a low customer rating.
Wildwood is a coffee shop near Ranch that serves French food between  £20-25. Wildwood has a 3 out of 5 customer rating.
Loch Fyne is a kid friendly restaurant providing English food.
Browns Cambridge is an Indian restaurant located near The Sorrento in riverside, and is family friendly.
The Twenty Two offers French food and yes has family area. It is located in the riverside.
There is a moderate priced coffee shop called The Punter near Café Sicilia that serves Indian food, with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and it is not child friendly.
The Eagle is ratings average and they are serving Japanese tea.
Near the Crowne Plaza Hotel, there is a family friendly coffee shop that serves fast food with a great customer rating and is called Browns Cambridge.
Strada is a pub that is located close to Yippee Noodle Bar.
There is an expensive family dine in restaurant with bad reviews called The Waterman.
The Waterman offers Indian food, within a price range of £20-25, it has a high customer rating, and is located in a city centre. It is not kids friendly.
For a restaurant with high customer rating near Café Rouge, try Wildwood.
The Twenty Two is a kid-friendly fast food restaurant in the Riverside area.
There is French coffee shop called The Eagle which has a moderate price range and is kids friendly, but, it has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is located in the city centre near Burger King.
The Golden Curry is an Italian place which is children Friendly near The Bakers with a more than £30 price range.
Alimentum is a moderately priced Indian restaurant with a 3 out of five star rating. It's located in the city centre near the Yippee Noodle Bar.
Cotto is a Japanese restaurant. It is family friendly and has a low customer rating. It is near Ranch
Located near The Six Bells, Fitzbillies has English food and a moderate price range.
The Plough is a kid friendly pub serving  £20-£25 Chinese meals and is located near the Café Rouge.
Cotto provides Indian food It is near Ranch. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Taste of Cambridge is a children friendly coffee shop that offers Japanese food. It is near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the area of riverside.
In Riverside The Golden Palace is rated as high, its a coffee shop which served fast food and meals range from £20-25.
There's a coffee shop near Ranch which does cheap French food. It called Wildwood and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Pub and Indian food with a moderate price range, Wildwood. Customer rating 3 out of 5.
The Rice Boat has moderate prices and a 1 out of 5 customer rating, it is located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
There is a restaurant named Taste of Cambridge that is low priced and has a customer rating of 3 out  of 5.
Within the city centre is the The Waterman which serves Indian food. They are not children friendly and have a price range of more than £30. They have a high customer rating.
in the riverside area serving adult only Japanese food is The Twenty Two
Strada is a new restaurant with a 5 out of 5 rating. It is a must try
The Waterman which has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and a price range of 20-25 serves Japanese food is located in the city centre, however, it is not kid friendly.
Fitzbillies is a mid priced Fast food restaurant near The Six Bells.
Located near The Portland Arms is child friendly, Japanese pub, The Dumpling Tree.
Cocum is an Italian coffee shop in the middle price range. It is highly ranked and family friendly.
A moderately priced restaurant, residing by the river is named Blue Spice.
The Phoenix is a French food restaurant with an average customer rating. It is located in the city centre.
I recommend a family coffee shop that is rated 6 stars  named Blue Spice located at Avalon
There is a pub called The Waterman by the riverside with a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
Green Man is a Chinese food place in moderate price range. They are located in the city centre and are kids friendly. It is near All Bar One.
There is a coffee shop named Clowns near Clare Hall in the city centre that serves Fast food and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
an excellent French restaurant is Loch Fyne great for family
The Golden Curry is a kid friendly fast food restaurant. It is near The Bakers and is moderately priced.
Located in the city centre near Burger King,  The Eagle is a low priced coffee shop with a three out of five star rating.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop serving French food. It is kid friendly, averagely priced. It is located near the city centre with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a fast food restaurant with a low price range. They have a 5 out of 5 star rating.
If you looking for Indian food, try The Golden Curry. 3 stars for great food. Family oriented. Handicapped accessible.
The Golden Curry is a fast good restaurant that is kid friendly but it has a rating of 3 out of 5.
When near Crowne Plaza Hotel, try out the family friendly Indian restaurant The Waterman.
The Rice Boat is a restaurant that sells Chinese food,  cheap price range, average customer service rating,  in City Centre,  family friendly, near Express by Holiday Inn
The Phoenix is an expensive Japanese restaurant with low customer ratings located by the riverside.
The Waterman is an English pub located at riverside, which received a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Vaults serves Italian food at a moderate price in an adult environment.
By the riverside near Café Rouge, the Green Man Pub serves Japanese food .
The Waterman Japanese restaurants is a high priced child-friendly restaurant situated on the riverside area of town, customers rated it a 3 out of 5.
Zizzi is an English pub, which is not family-friendly and has a 5 out of 5 rating.
The Cambridge Blue is a low customer rating Japanese restaurant.
The Waterman serves Italian food in city centre with average ratings and is cheap  and not family-friendly.
Average Italian food for higher than average prices can be found at Browns Cambridge.
French serving The Eagle rates 5 out of 5
Midsummer House has French food for more than  £30 near All Bar One and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Cotto is a fine-dining coffee shop that offers typical American fare and is located near The Portland Arms on the river.
The Rice Boat is near Rainbow Vegetarian Café with a high price range and a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Loch Fyne is a family friendly restaurant. It offers Indian food at a moderate price.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop in the low price range that serves pasta. It is located near Raja Indian Cuisine and has a public restroom.
Near The Rice Boat in the city center, there is a fast food joint called 'Bibimbap House'.
The Waterman caters to all individuals, serving up delicious Indian food for reasonable prices. It is rated very favourably by customers and found in the heart of the city.
French restaurant The Eagle is a coffee shop located in city centre near Burger King. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and is not kid friendly, price range is moderate.
Taste of Cambridge is a family friendly Italian coffee shop in the riverside area close to Crowne Plaza Hotel.
The Eagle is a fast food establishment with a high rating of 5 out of 5.
Alimentum is near the riverside area and can be located near the Yippee Noodle Bar. The restaurant serves English food and the price is cheap. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
There is a pub near Café Adriatic called The Vaults which offers good quality food and drink at a cheap price.
The Dumpling Tree provides Fast food in a restaurant environment for those looking to spend £20 - £25.
Bibimbap House is a cheap dine in restaurant located near Clare Hall.
The Plough is a Pub Near the Café Rouge. This pub is fairly priced and serves a wide variety of French cuisine. It is also quite family friendly.
Blue Spice is a moderately priced place in the riverside area
Fitzbillies is a reasonably priced restaurant near The Six Bells, serving French food
Bibimbap House serves costly Italian. It is in the center of the city near Clare Hall.
Located near the Crowne Plaza Hotel, The Waterman is family friendly and serves Chinese food.
Alimentum serves cheap French food in the riverside area. It is not family-friendly.
Midsummer House situated near Café Rouge  serves English food
The Wrestlers is an English food serving establishment. The rating is average, rated 1 out of 5. It is kid friendly and has a moderate price range.
The Golden Curry is a reasonably priced Italian restaurant that welcomes children, near The Bakers
The Wrestlers is a child-friendly fast food coffee shop in the high price range. It is located in the city centre, near Raja Indian Cuisine.
Alimentum is a Fast food service with a high price range located in city centre and near of Yippee Noodle Bar
There is a fast food establishment in the city centre called The Twenty Two. It is not family-friendly.
The Cocum fast food coffee shop offers low prices and 5 out of 5 rated  fast food. This is not your average family-friendly fast food place, this one is for adults.
Strada is a child friendly establishment in the mid price range. It is highly rated by its customers.
Alimentum serves Japanese food in the moderate price range is located near the Yippee Noodle Bar in Riverside and has a 1 out of 5 customer rating
In the area of riverside near The Sorrento you can find Browns Cambridge, a family friendly restaurant that serves Chinese food.
there is a High price range restaurant The Cambridge Blue located in the south of the city that Japanese food.
The Wildwood pub serves burgers and chips, typical pub grub in the mid price range.
Cotto is a place close to Café Rouge that provides Italian.
The Rice Boat provides Chinese food It is located in the city centre.
A Fast Food restaurant located in the riverside is called Aromi.
The Phoenix has received high customer ratings for its cheap Chinese food in the city centre.
The Dumpling Tree is a family pub with French food close to The Portland Arms
Near The Rice Boat in the Riverside area you can find The Twenty Two; it is not family-friendly and is low rated with price range less than £20.
The Waterman at Riverside delivers Italian cuisine at a high price and low customer reviews.
The Vaults serves Indian food for less than £20.  They are not family oriented.
With a customer rating of 3 out of 5, the kids-friendly Fast food restaurant called The Golden Curry is located riverside near Café Rouge.
The Rice Boat is a cheap, family-friendly, Fast food establishment near the Express by Holiday Inn. The restaurant is near the city centre and has a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
The Twenty Two is a family friendly venue with cheap prices and an average customer rating. It is located near The Rice Boat, in the area of riverside.
The Phoenix is a Chinese food restaurant, prices ranging from 20-25 dollars. The customer rating is high and it is located in center. city.
An average restaurant at the less than £20 price range is the Taste of Cambridge.
Located near The Portland Arms is a child-friendly coffee shop that also serves Italian food called The Cricketers with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 making which is atrocious.
The Wrestlers is a high priced adult coffee shop that serves Italian food. It is located near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre.
Close to Café Rouge, there's an Italian restaurant called Cotto.
The Punter is a coffee shop that serves French food. It is located near Café Sicilia and not a kids friendly place. The price range is £20-25 and has a customer rating of 2 out of 5.
Near The Six Bells, Fitzbillies  has Japanese food and a price range of £20-25.
The Wrestlers offers highly rated Italian food in a kid friendly atmosphere. Meals range between £20-25.
There is a Kid Friendly outlet called The Twenty Two offering French food
Aromi is a family friendly low-rating coffee shop that provides Indian food located on the riverside.
The closest family restaurant with English food would be The Twenty Two.
With a 3 out of 5 customer rating, The Cambridge Blue is a fast food restaurant.
The Rice Boat is a city centre Indian restaurant near the Express by Holiday Inn. It is highly rated, adult friendly and pricey.
Zizzi is a coffee shop in riverside with high prices and a rating 3 out of 5
Strada is a 5 star restaurant. It is family friendly and cheap.
Located in the riverside area near All Bar One, Green Man is a children friendly fast food eatery with a high price range.
The Phoenix located in the city centre, offers Indian food at a high price but, is only rated a 1 out of 5.
A children friendly pub serving English food. It is located in the riverside area is called Giraffe.
Clowns coffee shop, in the city centre near Clare Hall, offers low quality French dining.
Strada is a children friendly, high priced, and average rated Fast food place located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
Loch Fyne is a low cost restaurant that is not family friendly.
There is a restaurant located in the center of the city called Blue Spice. The price range and customer rating are both rated as average.
The Waterman is a family friendly  near the city centre restaurant.  The price is on the high range.
The city centre has an average Fast food pub called The Waterman.
Alimentum is a venue located on the riverside that is family-friendly and serves Italian food in the low price-range.
the Yippee Noodle Bar is a low cost restaurant with medium rating by the Alimentum
The Phoenix sushi bar, average place to at the riverside but the price is too much, more than £30
n The Eagle there are a Chinese shop high average enter riverside and stop no but Express by Holiday Inn
The moderately priced, Indian coffee shop, Cocum, is not well rated or child friendly.
Yes, The Twenty Two restaurant has French food.
Fitzbillies with an average customer rating is a high-priced Italian coffee shop in riverside.
Browns Cambridge is on the river near The Sorrento and is not family friendly.
The Taste of Cambridge is a high priced restaurant and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Strada is a pub that serves English food and is located near Yippee Noodle Bar and has a average customer rating
Cotto is in riverside area, close to All Bar One. its price range is £20-25.
The Plough is in the City Centre near the Café Rouge. It is a pub that sells French food with a price range of more than £30. It is not children friendly.
Low cost French pub Wildwood with great customer reviews.
The restaurant Zizzi is a one star establishment that is not family friendly.
The Mill coffee Shop, located near the River Cam and close to The Sorrento, has an affordable menu of cheeses, breads and soups.
Browns Cambridge is a low-cost sushi restaurant
There is a family friendly restaurant near the river called Blue Spice. It is rated 1 out of 5 and is in the higher price range.
A riverside restaurant with a low rating is The Golden Palace.
The Alimentum is an up market family-friendly restaurant serving English cuisine . It is located in the city centre
Loch Fyne is a cheap and family friendly restaurant. Offers English food.
Alimentum is based in the riverside area and serves low cost French food.  It is not family-friendly.
The Cricketers restaurant serves English food and can be found near All Bar One.
The Cambridge Blue is a pub offering Chinese food at a moderate price range and is near Café Brazil.
The Wrestlers provides Indian food in the high price range. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Rice Boat provides Indian food in the cheap price range. It is located in the riverside. It is near Express by Holiday Inn. Its customer rating is average.
The Cambridge Blue is a pub that serves Fast food in a cheap price range, located near Café Brazil.
The Punter is a coffee shop that offers prices under 20 pounds, French food in a family friendly environment that is located near Café Sicilia with low customer ratings.
Green Man offers moderately priced Italian food in Riverside that is kids-friendly and near All Bar One.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop serving Japanese food.  It is situated near Raja Indian Cuisine at the riverside.  Prices are less than £20.  Not family-friendly.
There's an adult only Indian restaurant in the city centre called Alimentum.
The Waterman is located on the riverside, serving moderately priced Italian food. It is not recommended for kids and has an average customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Midsummer House, near All Bar One, offers great quick food for an above average price.
Clowns coffee shop that is serving French food is located in the riverside area, near Clare Hall and has an average customer rating 3 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a kids friendly Italian coffee shop in the riverside area.  It is moderately priced with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Cricketers coffee shop has a variety of food near The Portland Arms
On the riverside, you can find the kids friendly French restaurant The Twenty Two.
Cotto has a low customer rating. They serve Indian food near Ranch and are family friendly.
The Golden Palace is a moderately priced restaurant.
Highly rated Loch Fyne, near The Rice Boat, serves English food in riverside.
Midsummer House near Café Rouge serves Indian food in an average price range.
A Fast Food restaurant in the riverside area named The Rice Boat. The customer rating is low and it is not family-friendly.
Wildwood pub is more expensive but serves food and drink.
Clowns is a pub by the riverside with moderate pricing and a client rating of 3 out of 5.
The Green Man is a French eatery in the City Centre area near All Bar One. This eatery is not child friendly and has prices that are above average.
Clowns is a riverside Italian coffee shop near Clare Hall.
The Cricketers is a coffee shop near The Portland Arms. They serve Indian food. This shop has been rated 1 out of 5 by customers and is said to be kid friendly.
The Rice Boat, located north of the city centre, is a three-star river-side restaurant.
The Indian pub The Giraffe is not family friendly and can be found in the city centre.
Browns Cambridge is a 3-star burger and fry restaurant with low prices.
If you are going by rating, Strada is a restaurant with a 3 out of 5 rating.
Next to the river you can find a nice family friendly restaurant which name is The Rice Boat. It offers Chinese food. The only negative point the low costumer rate.
Café Sicilia's profits recently suffered due to their neighbor The Punter receiving high ratings for their reasonably priced French food at E20-E25, even though they are not kid friendly.
On Riverside is a pub, Clowns. Moderately priced, customers rate it 3 out of 5.
Zizzi is a pub that serves fast food. It is children friendly and has an average customer rating.
There is a cheap Bar Midsummer House with a All Bar One of Wine, Cheese and Fruits.
If you are looking for English food, there is a restaurant at riverside called Aromi.
The Green Man is a moderately priced, kid friendly Indian restaurant in the riverside area near All Bar One.
Located on the riverside, The Rice Boat serves French cuisine to families and holds an average customer rating.
The high price Range Travellers Rest Beefeater is situated in the riverside area near the Café Adriatic. It has a customer Rating of 1 out of 5.
There is a low-rated Japanese pub named Strada. It is located near Yippee Noodle Bar.
Loch Fyne is a low priced restaurant that is family friendly and offers burgers.
Giraffe is a low cost, high rated, family friendly coffee shop near The Bakers.
The Vaults is an English food serving restaurant.
Taste of Cambridge is a family-friendly Italian coffee shop located riverside near the Crowne Plaza Hotel.
coffee Shop in the cheap price range, serves Italian Food and is named The Golden Palace in the riverside area, average customer rating
For a 3 out of 5 star customer rated restaurant near Café Rouge, Wildwood is relatively expensive.
The Plough restaurant is a place to bring your family of all ages and is located near The Bakers
You can get high priced Italian at The Strada near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café. It is children friendly with a rating of 1 out of 5.
Blue Spice in riverside sells Japanese meals for £20-25
Cotto is a Italian coffee shop near The Portland Arms in the city centre. It has a low customer rating and has a price range less than  £20.
There is a riverside kid friendly restaurant named The Golden Curry. It is located near Café Rouge and customers rate the food a 1 out of 5.
Green Man is a pub that provides Chinese food It is located in the riverside. It is near Café Rouge.
The Eagle has an average customer rating and offers a cheap price range in a riverside area.
The Strada located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café is a children friendly establishment providing French food at a price range of more than £30 and customer rated at 5 out of 5.
Strada is a Japanese  restaurant near Rainbow Vegetarian Café that is children friendly and has a rating of 5 out of 5, prices range up to 30Euro
Loch Fyne is a restaurant that serves Japanese food and is family friendly.
The Waterman is based in the city centre serving moderately priced English food with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.  It is not child friendly.
Loch Fyne is family friendly, medium priced traditional British Pub.
Alimentum is a cheap place to eat Italian food in riverside that is family friendly.
Fitzbillies near the Express by Holiday Inn average food with a price point of less than £20 per meal, Sorry no children allowed.
There is The Plough a children friendly English food pub  near Café Rouge with high prices.
Blue Spice is a low-priced restaurant in the city centre that delivers take-away.
The Golden Curry provides Fast food in the low-price range. It's located near The Bakers and it's family-Friendly.
The Vaults, near Café Brazil in city centre is a moderately priced coffee shop with a rating of 1 out of 5.
the coffee shop The Eagle moderate Fast food kid friendly 1 out of 5 Burger King riverside
Aromi is located north of the city centre and it is a coffee shop. It has a three star rating and its great for families.
Browns Cambridge is an expensive and not highly rated restaurant in the city.
Cocum is a good quality, not pricey  shop for all the family
Travellers Rest Beefeater is an expensive restaurant with a 3  out of 5 star rating in the riverside area near Café Adriatic.
Located in riverside The Rice Boat is a French restaurant that is kid friendly and has a 5 out of 5 rating.
The Plough is an expensive pub near Café Rouge that serves Chinese food.  They are kid friendly.
This Japanese restaurant, Midsummer House near Café Rouge is highly rated with 5 out of 5.
The Rice Boat is a city centre restaurant offering French cuisine. It is children friendly with 5 out of 5 ratings from past customers. Typically priced above thirty pounds it can be found close to Express by Holiday Inn.
The Wrestlers is an average low-priced Japanese restaurant that is not family-friendly.
For less than £20 you can eat at Cocum Japanese coffee house.  Cocum has an average customer rating.
Loch Fyne is a cheap Italian restaurant, that yes is good for families.
The Rice Boat restaurant serves English food and has a child friendly environment. While the price range is more than 30 European dollars, it has a high customer rating. The restaurant is located near the Express by Holiday Inn on the riverside.
The Waterman providing English food. Kids Friendly, high costumer rating and £20-25 price range.
Giraffe pub in riverside has French food and is kid friendly.
The Cambridge Blue is near the pub Café Brazil that sells moderate priced fast food.
With a price range of more than £30, the highly rated Midsummer House serves Indian food and is near All Bar One.
The restaurant Aromi is located on the riverside and provides Fast food.
Wildwood is located near Ranch. It is a coffee shop that is poorly rated for its cheap Japanese food.
With a 1 out of 5 rating Aromi is a family friendly Japanese coffee shop in the riverside area.
The Cambridge Blue is a French Pub with a cheap price range. It is located close to Café Brazil.
There is a child friendly Chinese pub named Zizzi with a high customer rating.
The Golden Curry is a family friendly place that serves Japanese food and has average customer ratings.
Although the customer rating is low and the price range is more than £30, The Rice Boat Japanese restaurant is near Express by Holiday Inn in riverside.
There is a moderately-priced sushi restaurant for adults called The Vaults.
An Indian restaurant near Café Rouge in riverside is known as The Golden Curry. It is kids friendly and has been rated as 3 out of 5
The Green Man is an Indian restaurant with moderate prices, its located on the riverside near All Bar One, yes its kids friendly
The Waterman serves French food and is child friendly, it's near the Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Fast food store, The Vaults is not kids friendly. It has moderate price ranges.
Midsummer House provides Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is near All Bar One. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
The Rice Boat is a child friendly French restaurant in riverside with a low rating.
The Phoenix is a high-rated restaurant in Riverside. It serves Japanese food with prices ranging from £20-25.
In the city centre area is the coffee shop Fitzbillies. It has Indian food in the price Range of less than £20 and a low customer Rating. It is not family Friendly.
The Cotto is a reasonable priced restaurant located near The Portland Arms.
The Eagle is a fun and family-friendly fast food coffee shop located in the city centre, near Burger King, with high quality food that merits a pretty penny.
The Rice Boat is an adults-only establishment located within the city centre near Express by Holiday Inn. This business offers low priced Chinese cuisine and earned a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Lets go to a pub names The Olive Grove. Their prices are pretty moderate and they serve great English food. They are kid friendly and located in city centre.
The Waterman is a pub located near the river, is rated 3 stars, and has fine wine and bread.
The Cricketers is a Japanese restaurant located near All Bar One.
Blue Spice restaurant is situated by the riverside, serving high price Chinese food.
The Eagle is a highly recommended dining place that specializes in Noodles.
A children friendly French restaurant named Strada is located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café. It has a price range of £30 and has a low customer rating.
Blue Spice serves Chinese food in the city centre for less than £20.
Alimentum, a French and kid friendly restaurant along the riverside, has a price range of 30 euros and above.
There is a restaurant in the city Wildwood but there are not family friendly.
Cotto is  coffee shop that serves French food that is more than  £30. Customers rate it 5 out of 5  and it is in Riverside near The Portland Arms.
Fitzbillies an Italian restaurant near The Six Bells is cheap.
The Olive Grove is a traditional English pub with great prices for all the family. Children most welcome.
Taste of Cambridge is a family coffee shop but also with Japanese food its near to the Crowne Plaza Hotel
Fitzbillies is an inexpensive Italian coffee shop in Riverside. It is family-friendly, and its customers rate it as average.
The Phoenix is a French restaurant located in the city centre that boasts a 5 out of customer rating.
The Wrestlers is a family-friendly 3-star Japanese restaurant serving moderately-priced Sushi.
Alimentum is a restaurant located on the river near the Yippee Noodle Bar.
With a French menu by the riverside, The Waterman has a low rating.
The Plough, located near Express by Holiday Inn is a child-friendly restaurant.
The Travellers Rest Beefeater is an expensive one star restaurant located near the Café Adriatic by the River.
Cocum is a family friendly licensed coffee shop. It is five star rated and in the low price range.
The Wrestlers is a family-friendly restaurant located outside the city centre.
Cotto is a coffee shop by The Portland Arms that serves moderately priced pub food.
Midsummer House serves French food near All Bar One. Midsummer House has a 1 out of 5 customer rating and has a moderate price range.
The Punter is in riverside near The Portland Arms. It is moderately priced and not kid friendly.
Fitzbillies located at riverside is children-friendly Fast food coffee shop rate 1 out of 5 high priced.
By the riverside, enjoy a pub cuisine, at the Aromi restaurant, in a family friend scene, with a 5 out 5 star rating.
Fitzbillies is a Japanese coffee shop that is located in the city centre,  family-friendly, has a price range of less than £20 and has average customer ratings
Alimentum is an Italian restaurant near Yippee Noodle Bar. It has a medium price range but has been given poor reviews.
The Phoenix is high but serve French with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 in city centre.
Aromi is a family friendly pub at the riverside. Customer rating is average
The Olive Grove is a pub that serves Indian food. The price range is average and is located in Riverside. It is kids friendly.
Customers very highly rate The Eagle which cooks up Italian food.
Rated low by customers, The Phoenix serves Japanese and is located near the centre of the city.
The Wrestlers is a family-friendly restaurant offering food and drink at a low price.
Strada is a family friendly and expensive place with average food.
The Phoenix serves Japanese food and is located in the centre of the city. It has a low customer rating.
The Mill, near The Sorrento  in Riverside serves Japanese food, and is also a little coffee shop, the prices are cheap.
The Vaults is a French cuisine restaurant.
The Twenty Two is on the riverside, and serves English food. It is also family-friendly.
Strada is a venue that offers medium priced options, however, is not family friendly.
The Rice Boat is an Indian restaurant in the riverside. It has an average customer, a high price range, is not children friendly, and is near Express by Holiday Inn.
Browns Cambridge is a high quality, five star restaurant.
The Golden Curry is an Indian restaurant that has average prices and that is child-friendly.
The Golden Palace has a price range of £20-25. It's a coffee shop in the city centre that serves Fast food. It has a high customer service rating.
You can bring your children along to this family-friendly spaghetti house by the river. Browns Cambridge is just along from the Crown Plaza Hotel. Rated one star.
Loch Fyne is a cheap, family friendly fast food restaurant.
The Mill is located in the city centre and it is a pub which provides Chinese food. It has a moderate price range.
The Golden Curry is located in the city centre near Café Rouge. It is a family friendly Indian eatery with a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
The Rice Boat located in the city centre near the Express by Holiday Inn. It is kid friendly and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It serves Italian food with a moderate price range.
Located near Ranch, The Cricketers is a children friendly pub boasting a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Giraffe is a higher priced coffee shop near The Bakers that is not kid Friendly
Zizzi is a family friendly pub that serves Chinese food and has a low customer rating.
There is a Fast food place called Loch Fyne. It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and it is located near to The Rice Boat in the riverside area.
North of the city center. is an Italian restaurant named The Phoenix that offers low prices but is not well reviewed.
On the river next to Burger King there is a family friendly coffee shop called The Eagle.
Indian food is served at Cotto, near Ranch and it's children friendly with high customer rating.
The Golden Curry is a high price range, Chinese restaurant that is child friendly and is located near The Bakers.
A family friendly Italian restaurant is The Twenty Two.
If you're looking for an affordable and kid friendly fast food restaurant, The Golden Curry is located near The Bakers.
Located on the riverside and suitable for families, The Rice Boat serves mediocre Italian food.
Located near The Bakers, The Golden Curry Chinese restaurant is child friendly but be prepared to pay more than 30 British pounds.
Located in city centre, The Alimentum is a fast food restaurant. The offer reasonable prices and are kid friendly.
Cotto is a coffee shop providing Indian food in the moderate price range. It is located in the city centre. It is near The Portland Arms. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
Wildwood inexpensive family restaurant located in the city center
Average low priced Indian food, pub style can be found at Wildwood.
The Green Man serves Chinese food and has a moderate price range. It is near All Bar One on the riverside area. It is kid friendly.
The Twenty Two, located in riverside near The Rice Boat, offers a family friendly dining experience for less then L20.  The Twenty Two has an average customer rating.
With an average customer rating and reasonable prices, try Alimentum, it can be found in the city centre near Yippee Noodle Bar.
Wildwood is a pub featuring Japanese food and average prices. It is rated average by customers.
The Eagle is an Indian coffee shop situated near Burger King by the riverside. It is ideal for couples and has a fairly high price range and In general it has a 1 out of 5 customer  rating.
The Wrestlers is a children friendly coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine.  It is by the riverside, serves fast food and has a price range of more than L30.
Zizzi is a coffee shop with a customer rating of 5 out of 5. The price range is £30, and it is not a child friendly establishment. Zizzi is located at the city centre.
Alimentum is a low-priced restaurant near the Yippee Noodle Bar which serves spaghetti.
The Golden Curry is an average rated, family friendly restaurant that serves Japanese food in the riverside area near Café Rouge.
Strada is a family friendly restaurant near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café. It serves fast food at a cheap price. Customers rate it 5 out of 5.
The Twenty Two restaurant serves family friendly English food.
Taste of Cambridge is an Italian coffee shop.  It's located near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside are and is not family-friendly.
Green Man is a moderately priced, child friendly restaurant in the city centre.
Wildwood is a pub providing sushi in the low price range. It is located in the city centre.
The Golden Curry sells Chinese food, moderate price range, not child friendly, located near The Bakers
The Waterman is a  child friendly Chinese restaurant with high customer ratings. The price range is £20-25 and the restaurant is in the city centre.
Green Man is a kid friendly French restaurant near All Bar One in riverside with dishes ranging in price for L20-25
Wildwood is a fast food pub with a decent price range, but a low customer rating of 1 out of 5 stars.
For a price range between £20-25, try The Rice Boat, though not child friendly, is in the Riverside area, near Express by Holiday Inn
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Indian food in the moderate price range. It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
If you are crazy about fast food at a riverside setting, look no further than The Phoenix, which comes with a high customer-rating.
Alimentum is a restaurant offering Indian food and has a price range more than £30. It is located at riverside and is children friendly.
In Riverside, near Burger King, sits The Eagle, an Italian coffee shop with poor customer reviews at a low price.
The Waterman restaurant is located outside of City centre on the river. This family-friendly restaurant sells quality Italian cuisine at high prices. The prices are a reflection of the exceptional quality.
There is a high rated restaurant named Wildwood near Café Rouge.
The Punter is a high customer rated children friendly coffee shop near Café Sicilia, serving English Cuisine at a price range of more than £30.
Blue Spice is a children friendly coffee shop near Avalon with a high price range and 1 out of 5 customer rating.
Alimentum is a high-priced restaurant just outside the city centre.
With only a 1 out of 5 customer rating, Strada, located near Yippee Noodle Bar, is an Italian-style pub.
The French food pub called The Cambridge Blue, is near Café Brazil and the price range is £20-25.
There is a French coffee shop that is kid friendly on the riverside. The customer rating is 1 out of 5 and the name of the shop is Aromi.
Located near Café Rouge, The Plough a pub, is a low priced eatery serving wine and cheese. They are not recommended for families.
Wildwood Pub serves fast food, has a 5 star rating, and has higher pricing.
Blue Spice is a moderately priced family-friendly restaurant located near the river. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Taste of Cambridge restaurant has a 3 out of 5 rating and has a high price.
Wildwood is an amazing 5-star pub that offers great food at a cheap price.
There is a place named The Waterman that sells averagely rated Chinese food for a high price. It is located in the city centre and is not children friendly.
The Phoenix is a highly-rated restaurant that serves Japanese food in the Riverside area.
Clowns is a highly rated pub located in the city centre with a price range of £20-25.
On the riverside is Blue Spice a cheap Italian restaurant.
There is a pub called Wildwood with a high customer rating. They serve Chinese food and a typical meal is more than £30.
The Giraffe is anon-children friendly and  expensive coffee shop, located near The Bakers. It is rated 5 out of 5.
The Aromi coffee shop, located in the city center serves Italian food. It is not family-friendly and has a low customer rating.
Japanese food that costs around £20-25 from a restaurant called Blue Spice is along the riverside
There is a cheap, three-star family coffee shop that serves pasta located near a river. Its name is Fitzbillies.
Fitzbillies coffee shop in the riverside area serving Indian food at a moderate price range.
The Rice Boat is a restaurant that serves Japanese food that has an average rating . It is located in city centre.
Aromi is a fast food restaurant in the Riverside area.
The Waterman is located north of the City center and is a full service family friendly restaurant.
The Vaults is a non family-friendly Fast food restaurant with prices less than £20.
If you're looking for pub grub or Indian food, you could try The Plough. No you can't take your kids there but the prices are reasonable about £24 for a meal. You'll find it near to Café Rouge.
The Plough is a moderately priced pub near Café Rouge. They serve fast food and it is not kids friendly.
On the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine is a cheap Italian establishment with a coffee shop called The Wrestlers and yes it is family friendly
The Travellers Rest Beefeater is by the riverside and located near Café Adriatic. An average price is more than £30 with a customer rating of 5 out of 5
The Wildwood pub offers low priced English food. It is situated in the city centre.
The Rice Boat is an Indian restaurant in the city centre area near Express by Holiday Inn. They are kid-friendly, have a high customer rating, and have an average price range.
You can get Italian food at Midsummer House for less than 20 near All Bar One. Customer ratings are low.
In the city centre a coffee shop also Italian food called Fitzbillies. Is a children friendly and an average customer rating with a high price range.
The Wrestlers is a cheap, family friendly, Japanese place with a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
Next to the river,  The Rice Boat has bad food at high prices, but will allow families. Next door to the Express by Holiday Inn
There is a fast food coffee shop near Café Sicilia called The Punter. It is highly rated by its customer base and is very kid friendly, as well as decently priced, £20-25.
Midsummer House serves Fast food at a 5 out of 5 customer rating. They are cheap and near All Bar One.
Moderately priced and kid friendly, The Wrestlers is a coffee shop serving French food near Raja Indian Cuisine on the Riverside.
The Twenty Two It is located north of City centre,  It is next to Café Sicilia
A cheap option near Rainbow Vegetarian Café is The Rice Boat with average customer ratings.
The Wrestlers is a high quality restaurant priced high which provides quality food.
The Plough is a restaurant near The Bakers, it costs more than 30 pounds and is not children friendly.
The Rice Boat offers expensive sushi on the river and is located near Express by Holiday Inn.
Loch Fyne is a French restaurant that is child friendly
Alimentum has moderate priced English food in the riverside area. It is not kid friendly.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop and Japanese restaurant, priced cheaply in the city centre. The customer ratings are low.
In the city centre, The Waterman pub has Chinese food with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Even if the customer rating is quite low, Zizzi is an interesting coffee shop near the riverside. It isn't children friendly, so you might have some calm with this £30 and over place.
The Taste of Cambridge is a kid-friendly coffee shop near the Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area. It serves French food.
At the riverside is the kid-friendly pub, The Olive Grove. It provides English food in the mid-range prices between £20 to £25.
Near the Express by Holiday Inn in the riverside area, there is a child friendly restaurant, The Rice Boat, with high customer ratings and a price range of higher than £30.
Browns Cambridge is a kids-friendly coffee shop in Riverside, near Crown Plaza Hotel.  It serves Italian food and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Midsummer House has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. Found near Café Rouge, it has Japanese food.
The Rice Boat is located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café. It has a high price range and has been rated 3 out of 5 by customers.
Cotto is an Italian coffee shop with a high price range and an average customer rating. It is located along the riverside near The Portland Arms.
The Cricketers is a family coffee shop that is affordable. It is located by The Portland Arms.
The Rice Boat is a Japanese restaurant with cheap prices, high ratings, and is family-friendly. Located down in the city centre, near Express by Holiday Inn.
The Olive Grove offers a family friendly environment in the riverside area.
A coffee shop named The Vaults is located on the riverside near Café Brazil and has a moderate price range although a low customer rating of 1 out of 5.
An expensive restaurant with a high customer Rating is Taste of Cambridge.
Browns Cambridge is an Indian food place with a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
Near The Rice Boat on the riverside is a Japanese place called Loch Fynes, it's rate is 1 of 5
there is a low price restaurant named Strada located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café that serving English food with a low customer rating  but not family-friendly
Alimentum is located in the city centre near Yippee Noodle Bar. It is moderately priced with a low customer rating.
Strada is a cheap Italian restaurant near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café. It has an average customer rating and isn't family-friendly.
Giraffe coffee shop is a high-priced family friendly coffee shop near The Bakers.
Family friendly Italian restaurant The Golden Curry, is situated near The Bakers
The Cricketers is a pub that is children friendly has an average customer rating and is near the Ranch.
Alimentum is a French restaurant on the riverside.  It is quite expensive however it is child friendly.
Wildwood is a low-priced, five-star pub and serves fast food.
Located near the Express by Holiday Inn you'll find child friendly Fitzbillies. With an average rating of 3 out of 5 the average price range is high.
Aromi is a French coffee shop in the riverside area. It has an average customer rating and is not family-friendly.
Near the riverside Express by Holiday Inn, there is a kid friendly, highly rated, fast food place called The Rice Boat, the price range is 20-25 pounds.
Cocum is a coffee shop and fast food restaurant that is family friendly and has cheap price ranges but has very low customer rating.
The Cocum is an Indian coffee shop with a fair price range.
The children friendly pub named The Cricketers, near Ranch, has a high customer rating.
Blue Spice serves English food in the city centre for a high price.
The Vaults is a coffee shop that offers food for less than £20, it's near Café Brazil, at the river side and it has a low customer rating
There is a French pub in the riverside area called The Olive Grove that is child friendly and has high prices.
The Vaults coffee shop, near Café Brazil in the riverside area, offers a moderate price range and a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Burger King by the riverside is kid friendly, but is rated 3 out of 5. There is also a coffee shop that offers Japanese food, but it is a bit expensive. It is called The Eagle.
The Plough is a high priced Chinese pub located near Café Rouge. This is not a child friendly pub.
Close to Clare Hall is Bibimbap House which offers breakfast at low prices.
In the city centre there is a cheap venue that provides Indian food called The Waterman. It is not family friendly and has an average customer rating.
In city centre Fitzbillies coffee shop offers a high customer rating. Fast food is offered with a price range of more than £30. We are not children friendly.
The Wrestlers coffee shop and fast food restaurant offers meals under £20. It is located in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine and is not family-friendly.
A family-friendly Japanese restaurant The Waterman is cheap and within the city centre, but low customer ratings.
Aromi is a good coffee shop for families near the city river.
Clowns is a coffee shop providing Indian food It is located in the riverside. It is near Clare Hall. Its customer rating is high.
Fitzbillies is a children friendly coffee shop that serves Japanese food in the city centre. It has a high price range and a customer rating of three out of five.
The Rice Boat in Riverside near Express by Holiday Inn is a children friendly Indian restaurant. It serves food for more than £30 and has high customer rating.
Taste of Cambridge restaurant has a high price range but only a 1 out of 5 customer rating.
French food has an average customer rating. Cocum has prices less than  £20.  It is not family-friendly, as this is a coffee shop.
With low customer rating, the pub Zizzi serves French food and is family friendly.
Highly priced fast food can be expected from The Green Man located in the City Centre near All Bar One. Not considered child friendly.
In the city center there is a French restaurant called the 'Loch Fyne' close to The Rice Boat, it has a poor customer rating.
The Twenty Two is a family friendly English restaurant in riverside.
The Waterman is a kids friendly Chinese place located in the city centre.  It has a moderate price range and a 1 out of 5 customer rating.
A high priced English pub near Café Rouge is The Plough. It is not child friendly.
The Green Man is a family friendly establishment serving English food at cheap prices.  It is located at the riverside near All Bar One.
The coffee shop Zizzi is a children-friendly place in riverside with a average customer rating and high price range.
To eat at the Italian restaurant The Punter, it costs about £20-25.
Located in city centre near Express by Holiday Inn is a cheap Italian restaurant called The Rice Boat. It has average customer ratings and is not family-friendly.
The rating at The Golden Curry is average because their English food is OK.
The Waterman is a riverside restaurant serving Italian food. It prices less than £20 and is not family-friendly. It has a low customer rating.
Alimentum is a Fast food restaurant located on the riverside. Customers give it 1 star rating. The price ranges to high.  Alimentum is located near Yippee Noodle Bar.
By the riverside there is a moderate price ranged pub close to Rainbow Vegetarian Café  called The Golden Palace.
An adults only English pub near the city centre is Giraffe.
Close to Café Adriatic is a pub called The Vaults that has a low customer rating and averages more than 30  euros in cost
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop located by the Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is average by customer ratings, but near the riverside and is family friendly. Check out their Indian food.
The Cambridge Blue restaurant, featuring Indian food, has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
In the city centre you will find The Mill which is a moderately priced French pub.
With a £20-25 price range, The Wrestlers is a non kids friendly French restaurant with a high customer rating.
The Golden Curry provides Chinese food Its customer rating is low.
A Chinese restaurant with a price range less than 20 euros and low customer rating is the family friendly The Wrestlers.
Bibimbap House serves expensive French food by the riverside. It is located near to Clare Hall.
The Wrestlers is a restaurant that serves Japanese food and cost less than  £20 and also family friendly but has a low customer rating
The Punter is a low-priced, fast food restaurant situated close to Café Sicilia that is not family-friendly. 1 out of 5 star customer rating.
Browns Cambridge is a 3 out of 5 rated French coffee shop. It is kid friendly. It is located near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area.
In the Riverside area is a child-friendly Italian restaurant called The Twenty Two.
The Golden Curry provides Chinese food in the high price range. It is near The Bakers.
Zizzi is a cheap coffee shop in the city centre with a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is not family-friendly.
There's a French place with average reviews by riverside. It's called Alimentum, it's near Yippee Noodle Bar and you can get a meal for less than £20.
Bibimbap House is located at the riverside near Clare Hall serving Italian food with a cheap price range
There is a high priced low customer rating restaurant The Waterman in the city centre. It is kids friendly and they serve Japanese food.
Clowns is a Fast food coffee shop near Clare Hall in riverside. It has an average user rating.
The Punter is located in the heart of the city and is cheap.
There is a child friendly restaurant that serves Japanese food called The Waterman near the Crowne Plaza Hotel
Children Friendly by riverside area The Olive Grove is a pub with price Ranges of more than £30.
Yes, children love The Rice Boat,  Italian food close to Express by Holiday Inn. Their moderate price by the riverside has a rating 1 out of 5.
A family-friendly French pub in the city centre is Giraffe
The Twenty Two serves food to adults.
The child friendly pub Zizzi offers Japanese cuisine but has a low customer rating.
The Golden Curry is a 5 star fast food restaurant located on the riverside near Café Rouge. It is not a family-friendly establishment.
Located at riverside, next to Café Rouge, is a French coffee shop called The Golden Curry.
Alimentum is an establishment with high customer ratings which serves Japanese food. It is located in the city centre near Yippee Noodle Bar and has an average price range of £20-25.
The Wrestlers provides Chinese food in the high price range. Its customer rating is average.
Green Man is a restaurant serving Japanese food for more than £30. Located in the riverside area near All Bar One.
Alimentum provides Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in the riverside.
The Eagle is a city centre coffee shop near Burger King. Rated 3 out of 5 by customers, it's French food falls within a high price range. No for children.
There is a French food coffee shop that received 5 out 5 in customer ratings. It is The Eagle, near Burger King in the riverside area. It is child friendly, and will cost more than 30 pounds to eat there.
Midsummer House near Café Rouge is a fast food place with a low customer rating.
Browns Cambridge serves Indian food in an adult oriented atmosphere. It's located near The Sorrento in the city centre area.
Located near Café Rouge, Midsummer House offers French fare while getting a 3 out of 5 rating.
There is cheap restaurant The Olive Grove pub for less than  £20 located near the City centre which the best Fast food which is Yes family-friendly
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop in the riverside area near the Crowne Plaza Hotel now serving Indian food with a customer service rating of 5 out of 5.
The Mill is a coffee shop serving fast food with a price range of more than £30, near The Sorrento,  in the riverside area.
The Rice Boat is a high priced restaurant with a 1 out of 5 star rating. It is near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
The Mill is a coffee shop that serves Indian cuisine. Prices are more than £30. It is located in the riverside area, near The Sorrento.
There is a highly rated coffee shop called Clowns where you can get Italian food. It is located in the riverside area near to Clare Hall.
Loch Fyne is a English food place with a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is located in the city centre near The Rice Boat.
Located in the riverside area Alimentum is a family friendly Japanese restaurant with an average meal costing less than £20.
The Golden Curry is a highly rated family restaurant.
Japanese food is available at The Vaults restaurant.
With a 5 out of 5 customer rating, The Golden Curry serves Japanese food in the city centre area.  It is near Café Rouge but is not a family-friendly venue.
The Punter is fast food on a budget located in the city center.
Strada offers pub type fast food near Yippee Noodle Bar.
Browns Cambridge has a customer rating 5 out of 5 with a price range of more than £30
The Cricketers is a coffee shop serving Fast food with customer rating 1 out of 5.  It is near The Portland Arms and is children friendly.
Located near All Bar One, in the city centre is kid-friendly Indian restaurant, Green Man. The pricing is moderate.
Wildwood is a coffee shop providing Indian food in the more than £30 price range. It is near Ranch. Its customer rating is high.
A moderately priced pub near the Café Brazil is The Cambridge Blue.
The Twenty Two serves Japanese food and is kid friendly.
There is a French coffee shop near Burger King in the city centre called The Eagle which is family-friendly, an average customer rating, and has a less than £20 price range.
All age groups are allowed at a restaurant The Rice Boat that provides a high quality foods.
A family friendly restaurant The Cocum has a low customer rating.
The Olive Grove riverside area pub style Italian food competitively priced and kid friendly atmosphere.
In riverside is located a restaurant of good food called Alimentum with dishes from £30
The Golden Curry, found in riverside near Café Rouge has French food and a family friendly environment. It has an average rating.
Family friendly Loch Fyne is a French restaurant in the average price range.
Located near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café, The Rice Boat has a low customer rating. Typical price range is £30 and up.
The Cambridge Blue is an Italian restaurant with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Cotto is a cheap Indian coffee shop near The Portland Arms by the river.  It has been rated as average by customers.
The Waterman is a low rated Italian restaurant that is not family-friendly. The food costs less than 20 and it is located in the city center.
Aromi is an Indian food restaurant in the riverside area.
There is a moderately priced restaurant named Green Man near All Bar One in Riverside. It is kid friendly and has Chinese food.
There is an Indian restaurant named The Wrestlers with mid-priced food. The customer rating is high and the restaurant is kid-friendly.
An average price range restaurant with high customer rating and kid friendly is the Strada
For the average price of only £20-25, you could get yourself a Chinese meal from Bibimbap House. Located in Riverside near Clare Hall.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop in the low-price range.  It is located near the river.
The Waterman provides Chinese food in the high price range. It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Alimentum provides Chinese food in the £20-25 price range. It is located in the riverside.
There is  a Japanese restaurant called The Wrestlers that is  very cheap. It is family-friendly and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Golden Palace is a low rated restaurant in the riverside area
Wildwood is a coffee shop that also offers Japanese food for less than £20 located near Ranch with a poor customer reviews.
Clowns is located near Café Sicilia. They are kid friendly and moderately priced.
With a customer rating of 3 out of 5, The Waterman is a pub in the riverside area with French food..
Zizzi is a kid friendly pub serving Chinese food rated 1 out of 5.
In Riverside, The Twenty Two is a pub near Café Sicilia. This pub has received high ratings.
Cocum is a poor-rated coffee shop where you can eat fast food with your kids at moderate prices.
Strada is a pub located near Yippee Noodle Bar, serving English foods with a Customer rating of 1 out of 5
Near Ranch is a family friendly pub with a customer rating of five out of five named The Cricketers.
Zizzi pub has a customer rating of 1 out of 5, is children friendly, and serves Italian food.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop serving Japanese food under 20 pounds located in the riverside area with average customer ratings.
There is a kid-friendly fast-food restaurant named The Waterman near the Crowne Plaza Hotel.
The Golden Curry provides Indian food It is located in the city centre. It is near Café Rouge. Its customer rating is low.
Strada, near Rainbow Vegetarian Café, has a  customer rating of 3 out of 5 and the price range is £20-25. It serves Japanese food and is not a kid friendly.
Cotto is a coffee shop near The Portland Arms.
The restaurant Taste of Cambridge has a low rating, and prices above £30.
Cotto is a average rated family friendly Chinese restaurant near Ranch.
Midsummer House is an English food house located near All Bar One.  Price range is high there. Customer rated it 1 out of 5.
A family friendly cheap restaurant with an average rating is The Wrestlers which specializes in Italian food.
The Waterman is an expensive, five star, family friendly restaurant that serves sushi and is located on the river in City centre.
Browns Cambridge providing Fast food. It is located in riverside area near The Sorrento.
Chinese restaurant The Golden Curry is located in the city centre near Café Rouge. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 and is family friendly.
Aromi is a highly rated pub in the city centre. It is family-friendly.
The Waterman pub is a three star restaurant located on the river.
The Chinese food place, Cotto, is near Ranch. They have good customer ratings and are child friendly.
The Phoenix serves cheap Chinese food in the city centre. It has received customer ratings of 5 out of 5.
The Dumpling Tree is a restaurant with wines and cheese.
The Golden Curry offers low-quality pasta near Café Rouge.
Green Man located in the city centre near All Bar One serves French food with a price range of more than  £30. It is children friendly.
The Eagle is a highly rated coffee shop with a £20-25 price range located by the riverside close to Burger King . It serves French food and kids are not allowed
A children friendly fast food restaurant with a high customer rating, The Wrestlers, has a slightly high price range.
Bibimbap House is an Italian grocery store located in city centre near Clare Hall. The prices of the food can be high.
The Wrestlers is a high rating, kid friendly English food venue. Prices range from £20-25.
You can find Fitzbillies near The Six Bells.  It is a high-end fast food restaurant.
The Rice Boat offers English food and is family friendly. It has a low customer rating and is in the riverside area.
A children friendly pub offering Italian food, Zizzi has an average customer rating.
The Golden Palace is a place located in the city centre that serves Japanese food  with a price range of more than 30, has a customer rating of 5 out of 5, and a coffee shop
The Rice Boat serves Indian food in the riverside area.  It has a high rating and it is kid friendly.
The Wrestlers is a Japanese family restaurant. Almost everyone loves it.
Strada is a cheap priced restaurant, near Rainbow Vegetarian Café, that provides Chinese food. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 stars. It is family friendly.
The Golden Curry is a kid friendly place that is located near The Six Bells.
There s a Japanese restaurant Strada located in City Centre near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
The Wrestlers, near Raja Indian Cuisine is a moderately priced fast food coffee shop that is child friendly and is in riverside.
There is an English food place named Cotto near the Ranch. The rating is high and it is children friendly.
The Plough is a cheap family friendly restaurant situated near The Bakers.
The Waterman is French food pub with low rating. It is located in city centre.
Cocum is an Indian coffee shop with generally high prices. It is child friendly, and has average customer ratings.
The riverside area located restaurant The Waterman is not children friendly and has a low customer rating.  It serves Japanese food for more than £30.
The French coffee shop, The Golden Palace, is located in Riverside and offers food for less than £20.
In the riverside area of the city, near The Portland Arms, you will find the Japanese coffee shop Cotto, with a customer rating of five out of five. It is in the higher price range.
There is a Fast food coffee chop called Clowns, located near Clare Hall, in the city centre. It has a low customer rating.
Looking for an Indian restaurant in the moderate price range with customer rating of 3 out of 5, in the city centre but is not kids friendly, then visit The Waterman.
The Rice Boat offers Japanese food. It is family-friendly. Customer Ratings are average. Prices are less than £ 20. Close the Express by Holiday Inn. 's area riverside.
For a quality Japanese restaurant, visit The Dumpling Tree. Meals are in the high price range.
The Olive Grove is a Japanese, kid friendly pub with a very moderate price range located in the city center.
The Rice Boat sells English food, it is a child friendly place on the riverside. However, the customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Loch Fyne is a family friendly restaurant that serves fast food at a medium price range.
The Golden Curry, near Café Rouge serves fast food in the city centre. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 and is not family-friendly.
In the city centre near The Rice Boat  is a fast food restaurant called Loch Fyne. It has a low customer rating.
Alimentum is a fast food restaurant located near Yippee Noodle Bar down by the riverside. This restaurant has a high customer rating and has a price range of more than £30.
Near Café Rouge is Midsummer House which serves French food and has an average rating.
Wildwood is a coffee shop that serves Japanese food near Ranch with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Strada serves Chinese food in the moderate price range. it is located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
Loch Fyne American cuisine. Offers 3 Star service next to The Rice Boat.
The Travellers Rest Beefeater is a child friendly restaurant with a high price range.
Loch Fyne is a Italian restaurant that has the price range more than £30  and it is children-friendly
The Golden Curry riverside restaurant near French food Café Rouge customer rating 3 out of 5
Blue Spice is a high price coffee shop near Avalon located in the Riverside area.  It is not children friendly  but has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly English restaurant near The Sorrento, also by the riverside.
There is a restaurant Alimentum it sells Chinese food and the price is moderate. It is on a riverside and the kids are not friendly.
Cotto is a  coffee shop with fast food and moderate pricing located in city centre near The Portland Arms.
The Plough is an average price sushi pub located near Café Rouge. It is a family friendly pub.
Aromi restaurant  provides Chinese food in the area of riverside
The Wrestlers serve cheap Indian food. It is not family friend with high ratings.
Midsummer House is a 1 star Café providing Traditional British food. It is located close to Café Rouge.
The Eagle is a coffee shop serving French food in the riverside area. It is family friendly with a moderate price range, and located near Burger King. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Phoenix is located in city centre. The serve Japanese in a price range of more than 30. They have a low customer rating.
Aromi offers Chinese cuisine in the heart of the city.
With a 5 out of 5 customer rating, Midsummer House is known for its French food and is located near Café Rouge.
The pub has to be a yes for children friendly. It is the Cocum. Its prices are more than £30, but it is a rated 5 out of 5.
Located near Café Sicilia, The Punter is a child friendly coffee shop that is highly rated and offers French cuisine with a price range of L20-25.
A high priced pub on the riverside that is child friendly is The Olive Grove
Travellers Rest Beefeater is a high priced restaurant, located in city centre near Café Adriatic, getting an average customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Cotto is a coffee shop that serves cheap Indian food that has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.  This restaurant is located in the city centre near The Portland Arms
If you are looking for a coffee shop that serves Indian food, Browns Cambridge is for you. It is near Crowne Plaza Hotel and in the riverside area. The place is pretty average though and isn't meant for families.
The Rice Boat is located near Express by Holiday Inn, in the riverside area, serving moderately priced Italian food and providing a kid friendly environment. Rated 3 out of 5
The Twenty Two is a high customer rated, kid friendly, riverside area near The Rice Boat and is offered for a very cheap price.
The Plough is a family friendly pub located near Café Rouge
The Waterman near the Crowne Plaza Hotel is kid friendly and serves English food.
In the area of riverside is The Twenty Two. It has Italian food, and it's kid friendly.
After coffee, you and your family can go to The Twenty Two and ride The Rice Boat for a low-cost.
There is a kid-friendly English food establishment in the riverside area called The Rice Boat. its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Cambridge Blue is a low ranking restaurant serving classic American food.
In the riverside area near The Portland Arms there is a high priced child friendly restaurant name The Punter.
In riverside near Burger King there is a coffee shop which has a moderate price range and is kid friendly called The Eagle with Italian food and a customer taking of 3 out of 5.
Looking for a moderately priced restaurant that is quiet because children are not allowed:  Check out Loch Fyne.  You won't be disappointed.
The Rice Boat offers Japanese food. It is not child-friendly. Customer Rating 3 out of 5 is located in the city center. Prices are between £ 20-25. Close the Express by Holiday Inn.
The Mill is a small French coffee shop located in the city centre, near The Sorrento. All prices are less than £20.
Giraffe is a moderately priced, moderately rated coffee shop that is non-family-friendly and located near The Bakers.
The Twenty Two yes people ate English at the city centre.
if you are looking for a place to eat that is in the moderate price range where they sell Japanese food and is not child friendly there is a place called The Wrestlers although it only has a customer rating of 1 out of 5
A restaurant called Giraffe, located near The Six Bells, is reasonably priced with meals less than £20.
Near Yippee Noodle Bar, in the city centre area, is Alimentum with Indian food and a high customer Rating in the price Range of more than £30.
Cheap fast food sold by the The Punters is at less than £20
A pub, the Zizzi has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.  It is Kids Friendly and offers Indian food.
Strada is a low priced restaurant in the city center.  It serves wine, locally grown herbs, artisan cheese and freshly baked bread.
Blue Spice, located in the Riverside area. Has a  £20 price range, and holds an average customer rating. Not family-friendly.
You can buy English food for less than £20 at the Green Man in the riverside area near All Bar One. Families are welcome.
The Wildwood is a coffee shop that also offers pasta and wine. The Wildwood is located near the, Ranch.
Cotto is a cheap coffee shop selling Indian food. Its customer rating is 5 out of. It is located in the riverside area near The Portland Arms.
The Waterman is a pub in the riverside area that serves Indian food and gets a 1 out of 5 rating.
The Dumpling Tree a children friendly coffee shop can be found in the riverside area near Café Sicilia prices are high.
The Olive Grove is a non family friendly pub in the low price range. It is located in the city centre.
The Waterman's on Riverside. It has a 1 out of 5 rating and isn't kids-friendly, but offers Italian cuisine at a moderate price.
Cotto provides Indian food It is near Ranch. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Vaults is a highly-priced riverside coffee shop with an average rating near Café Brazil.
Browns Cambridge is expensive but average.
The Eagle is a Fast food coffee shop located on the city centre near Burger King. Though it is not family-friendly and has a low customer rating it has cheap food with prices less than £20.
The Golden Curry is an upscale restaurant near The Bakers and is child friendly.
The Dumpling Tree is a upscale restaurant that serves Italian food.
The Wrestlers is a moderate priced restaurant offering Chinese food with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Golden Curry is a child friendly Indian restaurant with average ratings.
A restaurant that serves French food and is also kid-friendly in the riverside area is Alimentum.
The Cambridge Blue offers fast service pub fair near Café Brazil.
The Wrestlers is a non family-friendly Chinese restaurant that serves cheap foods rated 5 out of 5.
The Eagle has a price range of £20-25 and a customer rating of 3 out of 5; located in the city centre.
There is a cheap, family friendly Chinese restaurant in the city centre called The Waterman.  They have received an average customer rating.
Aromi is a family-friendly French coffee shop in the city centre. It has a low customer rating.
The Waterman is a pub that is rated 5 out of 5. Located in the city centre, it serves Indian food.
The pub near Café Rouge serves French food and is kids friendly. The Plough's price ranges between £20 and £25.
Fitzbillies is a French coffee shop that has high prices. It is located in riverside it has a 3 out of 5 customer rating, and yes it is kid friendly
The Green Man, which is near All Bar One in Riverside is kid friendly an serves high priced English food.
Midsummer House is a Chinese restaurant located near Café Rouge. It is highly rated by customers.
The Rice Boat providing Japanese food near Express by Holiday Inn in the city centre is  cheap and family-friendly. Their customer rating is 5 out of 5.
The Waterman serving Japanese food for the whole family. Prices all lower than 20 dollars, it has average customer rating  located at city center
Strada is a restaurant that offers food at a high price range. It is located near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café. Strada offers English food in a child friendly environment. The customer rating is a one out of five.
The coffee shop Cotto serves French Food and is located near the Portland Arms in city center but is has a low rating and costs more than 30 pounds.
The Waterman is an English pub in riverside that boasts a high customer rating.
The Punter, a cheap, family friendly coffee shop, serves French food.  It is located near Café Sicilia and has a high customer rating.
There is a moderate-price Chinese food restaurant near All Bar One called Midsummer House with a poor customer rating.
The Golden Curry is a family friendly Japanese restaurant near The Bakers with a price range of 20 pounds.
The Golden Curry is a 3 out of 5 kid friendly Japanese restaurant  near Café Rouge in riverside
The high-priced  Fast food restaurant Loch Fyne is child-friendly.
Customers rated kid-friendly Japanese pub Zizzi 1 out of 5
Fitzbillies is children friendly and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It has a high price range and can be found near Express by Holiday Inn.
Alimentum is an average-priced French restaurant near Yippee Noodle Bar along the riverside. It has a high customer rating.
Cocum is a pub.  Customer rating is 3 out of 5.  The prices are high.  It is not child friendly.
The Wrestlers Is a Indian restaurant with a moderate price range it is not kids friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5
The Olive Grove is an English pub in riverside. They are high priced and not child friendly.
Alimentum is a low price sushi bar near the City Centre adults only, not for children.
Alimentum provides cheap Fast food in riverside that is family-Friendly.
The Golden Curry provides Indian food It is located in the riverside. It is near Café Rouge. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
A great restaurant located in the Riverside area is The Twenty Two. It is children-friendly, so feel free to bring your kids as well.
The Golden Curry is a child friendly Japanese eatery with a price range more than £30 and is located near The Bakers.
The Dumpling Tree is an English food restaurant. The price range is £20-25.
There is one restaurant The Waterman located in the riverside  that provides French food in less than £20 and having average customer rating but not family-friendly.
Midsummer House has a perfect 5 out of 5 customer rating for its French food and is located near Café Rouge.6
Browns Cambridge is an Indian food coffee shop located in city centre near the Crowne Plaza Hotel. While it is not family friendly, it receives 5 out of 5 stars from its customers.
The Vaults severs Japanese food and is family Friendly priced at less than £20
Alimentum is a French restaurant that offers kid friendly meals. It is located in the riverside area and has a moderately priced menu.
For great, reasonably priced Japanese style coffee, try Cocum.
Wildwood is a moderate priced pub with a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is a Fast food restaurant.
The Golden Curry provides Chinese food It is located in the city centre. It is near Café Rouge. Its customer rating is average.
The Vaults is a restaurant serving French food.
The Wrestlers is a Italian restaurant that is highly priced.  It is not a children friendly restaurant and has an average customer rating.
The Olive Grove is an Italian pub with moderate prices located in the city centre. The Olive Grove is not kids friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a family-friendly coffee shop providing Italian food with the high customer rating. It is located near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre.
Cocum is a child friendly pub in the price range of £20 and under. It has a low customer rating.
Blue Spice, in the riverside area near Avalon, is a high-priced coffee shop. It is children friendly with a high customer rating.
Located near The Bakers, The Giraffe has a customer rating of 1 out of 5, is moderately priced and kid Friendly.
An Italian,  riverside restaurant called Alimentum. Prices starting from £30 and also child friendly.
The Vaults serves French food at a moderate price as is kid friendly.
The Rice Boat serves Chinese, is kid friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Located in riverside near Yippee Noodle Bar is Alimentum. Alimentum provides moderate price ranges in serving Chinese food with a 3 out of 5 customer rating.
The Golden Curry offers Indian food for more than 30 pounds. It is near The Bakers and allows children.
The Eagle is a Japanese coffee shop near Burger King in the city centre area, providing high quality meals for between £20 and £25. No children.
Browns Cambridge has a cheap price range and an average customer rating.
The Wrestlers is a family fast food joint and provides a low price option. However, overall ratings are below average.
Strada for Italian food with more than £30 for children Friendly near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
If you are looking for a child-friendly restaurant that offers fast-food, then I would recommend The Waterman. You can find it close to the Crowne Plaza Hotel.
The Wrestlers is an average, low-priced restaurant offering adult only dining.
The Eagle is located in riverside and has a customer rating of a 3 out of 5 and a moderate price range.
A non family friendly restaurant with an average customer service is a coffee shop called Aromi. It is the area of city centre.
The Cambridge Blue is a bar close Café Brazil that serves French nourishment and has high value ranges.
Strada serves low rated cheap fast food near Rainbow Vegetarian Café. Not a family place.
Cotto is a low-priced coffee shop  near the river with one star reviews close to The Portland Arms.
Fitzbillies is a Japanese coffee shop in city centre. They are not child friendly, have a low customer rating and have a price range of more than 30.
The Twenty Two is a family friendly restaurant located near The Rice Boat. It is moderately expensive and family friendly.
Strada is a children friendly French restaurant located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café. It has a low customer rating and expensive price range of more than £30.
For a family-friendly Japanese city centre restaurant near to Café Rouge then go to The Golden Curry that has a 5 out of 5 rating from its customers
Strada has a high customer rating, its price range is £20-£25 and is not child friendly.
Alimentum provides Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in the city centre.
Strada is a quality restaurant to eating food
Wildwood is a an expensive coffee shop beside Ranch.
There is a very cheap restaurant called Blue Spice in the centre of the city.
Taste of Cambridge is a coffee shop that serves fast food. near Crown Plaza Hotel in riverside. Yes it is family friendly.
with a 3 out of 5 customer rating and a moderate price range the Blue Spice is kid friendly and located in the riverside area
The Vaults is a traditional Japanese style restaurant in the medium price range. No public restrooms.
Near The Portland Arms, you will find a family friendly Italian pub called The Dumpling Tree
Zizzi, an Italian pub that is family oriented,  with a customer rating 1 out of 5
The Twenty Two in riverside has a customer rating above  average is child friendly, serving average priced food and is near The Rice Boat
The Phoenix is a high quality wine, cheese and olive restaurant located near the Riverside.
The Waterman provides Chinese food in the less than £20 price range. It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is low.
English food in a low price range can be found at the family-friendly The Vaults.
Browns Cambridge is an Italian restaurant that is expensive.
The family-unfriendly restaurant The Waterman located in the city centre is cheap.  It serves French food and is rated highly with 5 out of 5.
The Rice Boat serves French Food.  The customer rating is 5 out of 5.  It is in the city centre near Express by Holiday Inn.  Prices are over £30.  It is child friendly.
eggs beans and sausages nearby the Rainbow Vegetarian Café is family friendly Strada.
The Eagle is a riverside coffee shop offering fast food at average prices. Located near Burger King, it has a low customer rating and does not welcome children.
The Rice Boat in Riverside is a average priced Italian family friendly place.
The Punter provides Japanese food with a price range less than £20 near Café Sicilia. As a coffee shop, they are not family-friendly and rated low.
Next to the Ranch is a pub called The Cricketers.  It is kid friendly with a high customer rating.
Strada,  is near Yippee Noodle Bar,  it is an English pub and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The best place to eat fast food by the riverside is at The Waterman Pub, which is rated 1 out of  5.
Located near Café Rouge, The Wildwood restaurant has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
English food, served at a moderate price, not a kid friendly environment can be found at Strada. It is located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café with a 3 out of 5 customer rating.
The Waterman is a riverside Japanese restaurant with an average customer rating and a price range under £20.
Loch Fyne is a child-friendly restaurant that sells Japanese food for more than £30.
The Rice Boat provides Indian food in the less than £20 price range. It is located in the riverside. It is near Express by Holiday Inn. Its customer rating is low.
Blue Spice is located in the city centre. It has an average customer rating, is not family-friendly but costs less than £20.
Alimentum is an expensive child-friendly fast-food company that is located in the riverside area.
The Cambridge Blue is a pub near Café Brazil with a price range of over 30 euros.
Located near Express by Holiday Inn is the kid friendly Fitzbillies. It has a low customer rating and a price range more than 30.
The Cambridge Blue is an Indian food restaurant, but they have a low customer rating.
Fitzbillies is a cheap and rated 3 out of 5.  They are family friendly and located near Express by Holiday Inn.
By the riverside, near Rainbow Vegetarian Café, is a cheap called The Golden Palace.
Try The Eagle.  This Five out of Five rated coffee shop has French Food for cheap in the city centre.  It is located near Burger King.
Midsummer House serves fast food with high customer ratings.  It is near to All Bar One.
Near the city river is an average coffee shop called Fitzbillies, families can go here.
There is a family friendly restaurant called The Golden Curry, they serve Chinese food and their customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Blue Spice is a cheap place to have some English food located at riverside.
Near Ranch, there is a kid-friendly pub called The Cricketers with a high customer rating.
In the riverside area there is a child friendly Fast food restaurant with a high customer rating called The Waterman.  It has a price range of £20-25.
The Wrestlers serves French food, it's family friendly, cheap, and is rated 5 out of 5.
The Punter is a high priced restaurant serving French food.
children Friendly Type restaurant  Cocum customer rating is very high.
The Eagle is a children friendly coffee ship in the city centre near Burger King.  It serves Italian food for £20-25 and has a high customer rating.
Clowns pub located at the riverside has a cheap price range and customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Cricketers is near The Portland Arms. They are your average coffee shop with Italian food and is child friendly.
Close to Ranch you'll find The Cricketers, an average rated pub not so child friendly
Browns Cambridge is a kid friendly coffee shop near Crown Plaza Hotel with a 1 out of 5 rating
I went to a Italian restaurant called The Rice Boat. It is not children friendly and has average customer ratings. It is in riverside near Express by Holiday Inn.
The Golden Palace is a  cheap Indian coffee shop in the river side. Rating is average.
Fitzbillies is located near Express by Holiday Inn. Priced less than £20. Low ratings and not kid friendly.
Near the city centre and The Rice Boat is The Twenty Two. It is child friendly, high price range and has a low customer rating.
Loch Fyne is a restaurant which offers Chinese food at a moderate price range. Ideal for adults.
The Golden Curry is a family friendly French restaurant near The Bakers and offers high priced cuisine.
The Rice Boat is a kids friendly fast food restaurant in Riverside. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Loch Fyne is a French restaurant with prices averaging over £30. It is not child-friendly.
There is a friendly for kids coffee shop called The Eagle which provides Japanese food in the moderate prices. It is situated in the city centre near to the Burger King with 1 out of 5 customer rating.
The Taste of Cambridge is a children friendly pub  near The Sorrento in the area of riverside.
The Waterman Japanese restaurant is located in the city centre . It is in the higher price range with an adult friendly atmosphere.  Customer rating:  3 out of 5
The Punter is Japanese Food restaurant that have low price £20-25.
Browns Cambridge has a price range of £20-25 with a rating of 3 out of 5.
The Phoenix located near the Riverside provides 5 out of 5 rated Chinese food.
A child friendly, English restaurant is The Twenty Two.
Strada, located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café supplies Chinese food at a price range of more than £30. It has a high customer rating. It is not child friendly.
Strada, a family-friendly restaurant near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café, serves Chinese food at reasonable prices, and is preferred by three out of five customers.
There is an establishment called The Eagle which offers Chinese food, with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
With high customer ratings, the Indian restaurant of Cotto is a kid friendly restaurant, located near the Ranch.
In the city centre near Burger King there is a cheap coffee shop called The Eagle which serves Italian food. It is family-friendly and has an average customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Wildwood is a high priced Chinese pub with a rating 1 out of 5.
Cotto is a kid friendly restaurant located near Ranch. It serves English food and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
There is a family friendly French restaurant with a cheap price range called The Vaults.
The Taste of Cambridge is a coffee shop serving French food. It's near the Crowne Plaza Hotel in Riverside. Just don't bring the kids
Cocum is a pub that is children friendly and serves food in the high price range and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Mill,  a coffee shop offering cheap Italian food is located near The Sorrento,  in the riverside area.
The Golden Curry sells Chinese food. It is located near Café Rouge in the city centre. It is not family friendly, and has a low customer rating.
The Golden Palace coffee shop is sited on the banks of the river Thames, it is a moderately rated reasonably priced Chinese food venue.
Bibimbap House is a Japanese restaurant near Clare Hall in riverside for less than £20
The Golden Curry, near Café Rouge in the city centre, serves English food and has a high customer rating.
The Waterman is a Japanese restaurant located in the city centre. its prices exceed £30 and it is not child friendly. It is rated low by customers.
The Waterman located right in  city center. They serve good Italian food for really low costs. Its a great place to go with your friends. With our average ratings you cant go wrong
Serving English food, The Golden Curry restaurant has a 5 out of 5 customer rating and a family friendly environment.
Blue Spice serves Indian food at an expensive price. It is located in riverside.
Fitzbillies is family friendly. The customer ratings are low as well as the price. It is located near the Express by Holiday Inn.
For a family friendly coffee shop costing less than £20, try Cocum, serving French food. It has an average customer rating.
The Eagle coffee shop has fast food, is kid friendly, and has a moderate price range. They are located near Burger King on the riverside.
The Waterman is a pub right by the river that serves fast food.
Midsummer House is a cheese and wine restaurant located near All Bar One. It is in the medium price range and has five stars.
There is a French restaurant on the riverside called The Rice Boat. It is kid friendly and highly rated.
The Waterman at riverside provides English food in less than £20. It is not family-friendly and rated low by customers.
The Vaults is an average rated pub near Café Adriatic.  They are cheap.
There is a pub called The Cricketers, located near Ranch which is rated 1 out of 5 and is children friendly.
The Wrestlers is a Italian restaurant with moderate pricing.  High customer rating.
Midsummer House provide best French near to All Bar One. price is very low near to 20 to 25
There is a an expensive Italian restaurant that has fairly good reviews called The Phoenix.
The Twenty Two is near The Rice Boat on the riverside. The customer rating is average, it is cheap, and is family friendly.
ethnic fresh foods the 5 star  Wildwood coffee shop located up the road from Ranch.
The Waterman is a high restaurant of French food located in the centre of the city, serves dishes from £20 for all for all, including kids-friendly
Over by the Burger King on riverside is The Eagle coffee shop. Fairly low rated, but family friendly, and providing Japanese for below £20.
riverside restaurant called The Golden Palace has a customer rating 5 out of 5
The Waterman  is a low-priced restaurant in the city centre .
If you want cheap fast food by the riverside, try the pub called The Mill.
The Punter is non family-friendly, with a price range less than £20 located near The Portland Arms in the Riverside area.
The Vaults is a French restaurant with a cheap price range that is family friendly.
Located near Café Rouge by the river, the Chinese restaurant The Golden Curry earned a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies near the Express by Holiday Inn serves food at below average prices.  It does not cater for children and customer ratings are average.
In the city centre area is a Japanese coffee shop called Fitzbillies. Customers give this shop a 3 out of 5 stars. Expect to pay about £20-25.
A restaurant that is known for being child friendly at a good price located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café is Strada.
The Phoenix serves Indian food and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5, it is located in riverside.
Come join us at kids friendly The Waterman with prices ranging from £20 to £25.
A family friendly restaurant that is rated a 5 out of 5 is Cocum.
The Eagle is a fast food restaurant that has received a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Golden Curry is a family-friendly English restaurant near Café Rouge in riverside that has a low customer rating.
The Eagle is a coffee shop  near a Burger King serving medium-priced items. It is not for families.
A kid friendly low rated Chinese restaurant near Ranch is Cotto.
Cocum is a children friendly low priced restaurant that provides take - away deliveries.
The Waterman is a restaurant that serves Indian food.
English food restaurant which is located near Café Rouge, called Midsummer House. How I see customers are very contend and they rated like high class restaurant.
A riverside restaurant with high ratings and dishes starting from £20- £25 go to The Eagle.
Taste of Cambridge is a family-friendly Italian coffee shop. It is located in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
For an average Indian coffee shop experience, head to Clowns by the river  near to Clare Hall.
The Olive Grove is a high-priced pub that is located in Riverside, which serves English food and is child-friendly.
The Mill, a French pub in the riverside area, has a cheap price range.
The Olive Grove is a pub that provides Chinese food in the cheap price range. It is located in the riverside.
There is a restaurant called Strada near Rainbow Vegetarian Café which offers good food at a cheap price.
The Golden Curry is a five-star restaurant offering Cheese and Wine.
There is a kid friendly Italian pub near The Portland Arms called The Dumpling Tree.
Aromi is an English restaurant in the city centre area.
There is a high end five star coffee shop called Cotto in the riverside area near The Portland Arms.
In Riverside near The Portland Arms is a low priced, family friendly establishment called The Punter.
You can eat pub food at Aromi, a pub on the riverside,  This is no good for families with children but generally has an average customer rating
Cheap with low ratings, the Blue Spice coffee shop is family-friendly and located near Avalon in the city center
The Vaults is a average-priced, kids-friendly French restaurant.
Cheap Italian food can be found in the riverside area at The Phoenix. It has a low customer rating.
The Waterman has Chinese food that is moderately priced, rated 3 out of 5, not kid friendly but is located near the city centre.
The Mill is a pub that provides Chinese food in the high price range. It is located in the city centre.
Browns Cambridge offers English food at low prices and not surprisingly receives a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Clowns is a coffee shop near Clare Hall in riverside. it serves Japanese food and has a low customer rating.
The Golden Palace is a pub in the riverside area. it is located near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café.  The Golden Palace's average price is more than £30.
For Italian food try The Eagle. With a customer rating of average its viable option.
The Rice Boat is an Italian restaurant that offers great dishes for around  £30 and is located near the Express by Holiday Inn in the city centre.
Alimentum, a family friendly place, is near the river and serves Japanese style food for less than £20.
English food is found near Café Rouge in the riverside area at the children friendly establishment called The Golden Curry.  Customer rating is average.
Alimentum offers English food with cheap price near Yippee Noodle Bar in city centre.
The Rice Boat, near the Express by Holiday Inn located in city centre, serves cheap Japanese food in a non-family-friendly restaurant and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
In the city centre, there is The Twenty Two, which is family-friendly and serves French food.
Highly priced, Travellers Rest Beefeater near Café Adriatic in riverside has a high rating.
There is a coffee shop near Burger King that serves Indian food.  It doesn't have a very good rating and the prices are high.  It is called The Eagle.
Blue Spice serves highly priced food near the river. It is family friendly and has a rating of 5 out of 5.
Alimentum is a restaurant serving Indian food in the medium price range. It is located by the riverside, and is family friendly.
For kid friendly French food there is The Waterman near Crown Plaza Hotel.
The Cambridge Blue is a restaurant that provides Indian food Its customer rating is average.
Blue Spice is located in the riverside area. It has a high customer rating and a price range of more than £30 while also being children friendly.
The Eagle is located in city centre. They have an average rating and their prices are under 20 pounds.
Situated in the city center The Phoenix offers high rated Japanese cuisine.
The Golden Curry is an adult-only establishment that features Chinese cuisine. This establishment earned a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Alimentum is a high priced French restaurant that has a rating of 3 out of 5. It can be found in the city centre near the Yippee Noodle Bar.
The Mill is an expensive pasta and coffee shop located near The Sorrento.
Cocum is a coffee shop, providing French food in an expensive range. It's located in the city centre.
There is a pub near Café Brazil that serves fast food for less than 20 called The Cambridge Blue.
Green Man provides Chinese food in the high price range. It is located in the city centre. It is near All Bar One.
Green Man serves Italian food in a kid friendly environment near the All Bar One in the riverside and has a moderate price range.
The Punter is a coffee shop providing Indian food in the £20-25 price range. It is near Café Sicilia. Its customer rating is high.
The Eagle, is in the riverside near Burger King, it is an adult directed coffee shop and Indian restaurant that is affordable an received a 5 out of 5 rating.
The Loch Fyne is a British restaurant that is inexpensive, serves breakfast, and permits families.
Alimentum provides Indian food in the less than £20 price range. It is located in the city centre. It is near Yippee Noodle Bar. Its customer rating is low.
The Punter in riverside near The Portland Arms cost less than 20 euros and is not family-friendly.
Giraffe pub, located in riverside, offers Italian food in a kid friendly environment.
There is an average rated Italian coffee shop with a high price range located in the city centre area named Fitzbillies that is not child friendly
For a high priced restaurant The Golden Palace is a great place to go to.
There is a coffee shop called The Vaults near Café Brazil that has a price range of more than 30 but with a low customer rating.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop offering fast food. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5, is kid friendly, and offers moderate pricing. It is located in the city centre.
Strada, 3 out of 5, offers Fast food, pub style, near Yippee Noodle Bar.
The Golden Palace in Riverside is a restaurant with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Eagle is an Italian eatery with a 1 out  of 5 rating.
Alimentum, a 5 out of 5 rated French restaurant, offers cheap food in the city centre near Yippee Noodle Bar.
Loch Fyne high quality Italian located near The Rice Boat in riverside.
The coffee shop Cocum serves Italian food at a moderate price with a 3 out of 5 customer rating and is kid friendly.
Cocum is a coffee shop suitable for families. However, overall ratings are below average.
With a High customer rating and children-friendly is the Aromi pub located in the riverside area.
Located in riverside, The Eagle is a highly rated venue with prices above £30.
The Wrestlers is a non-kid friendly English restaurant with low prices and low ratings.
Alimentum near the Yippee Noodle Bar in the city center with prices for the moderate budget we have great English food with a 3 out of 5 rating.
Although it has a low customer rating, The Rice Boat does offer English food and is family friendly. It can be found in the riverside area.
The Japanese cuisine at The Punter is high quality and worth every penny.
The Waterman is a high priced English restaurant located near the riverside.  It has an average rating and is not children friendly.
The Golden Curry is a Indian restaurant with a 3 out of 5 rating. The place is kids-friendly.
The Twenty Two is a none family-friendly restaurant located near The Rice Boat. It has a 5 out of 5 rating.
Fitzbillies is a restaurant providing take-away deliveries in the medium price range. It is located near The Six Bells.
There is a fast food restaurant called The Plough near Café Rouge. It has a high price range and is not child-friendly.
Aromi is a a coffee shop that also offers a dinner menu. Its great for families and it is located north of the city centre on the riverside.
The Rice Boat is a cheap Chinese restaurant in the city centre with a 5 out of 5 rating near Express by Holiday Inn. It is not family friendly.
Highly recommended, expensive Midsummer House is located near All Bar One.
The Twenty Two. Serving Italian food. Children are welcome
Near All Bar One its located Green Man, a fast food restaurant
Near Chesterton Road there is an expensive restaurant called Blue Spice.
The Rice Boat, located near Express by Holiday Inn in city centre, is a family restaurant that serves Chinese food at high prices and has a very low customer rating.
The Phoenix can be found in the city centre serving Fast food. It is cheap and it has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Alimentum near Yippee Noodle Bar in city centre serves low priced Italian food. Customers rate it 5 out of 5.
The Phoenix is a Chinese restaurant in the medium price range, with a high customer rating, located in the city center.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly restaurant with a 5 star rating that serves low-priced Italian food.
The Midsummer House offers Fast food. It's rated 1 out of 5 and is near Café Rouge.
Wildwood has a high customer rating for its English pub food  with a price range is £20-25.
The Punter has a moderate price range that serves English food.
Cocum is a great pub. It is cheap and family friendly.
Serving high priced meals, Bibimbap House is located near the river and Clare Hall.
Fitzbillies is moderately priced and located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
The Punter is a French coffee shop near the Café Sicilia. It is children friendly, with a price range between £20 and £25 and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Phoenix serves good value French cuisine by the riverside for happy customers.
In the center of the city, is The Rice Boat.  With it's moderate pricing, it's English food gets a customer rating of 3 out of 5.   It is near Express by Holiday Inn and isn't kid friendly.
Clowns coffee shop scores 3 out of 5 stars.  Located near Clare Hall on the Riverside.
Green Man is a family friendly English restaurant, located by the riverside, near All Bar One. Prices range from £20-25.
Green Man serves Japanese food with prices less than £20. It is located in the riverside area near All Bar One and is not family-friendly.
Clowns is a pub by the riverside for those with a high budget and good taste.
Blue Spice, a high price range restaurant located in riverside, serves Japanese food.
A low rated Japanese pub that is not family-friendly is called Zizzi.
A cheap Fast food venue in riverside is The Phoenix. It is rated 5 out of 5.
The Mill is the local pub by the riverside. It's food selection are mainly English food and they can be rather expensive.
Browns Cambridge serves Italian food, has a high customer rating and has a price range of £20-25.
The Mill is a pub on the river just north of the city center.
There is a Chinese restaurant named Loch Fyne which is kid friendly and has a moderate price range.
The Waterman is a full service restaurant, family friendly and located north of the City center.
For Chinese food in the city centre there is The Twenty Two . This is not a family friendly establishment.
Browns Cambridge is family friendly and located near The Sorrento.
Near the Café Adriatic in the riverside area the Travellers Rest Beefeater has a high price Range and customer Rating 3 out of 5.
Zizzi is a child friendly coffee shop in Riverside. It's average and priced high.
The Rice Boat is located near the riverside area near the Express by Holiday Inn.  It serves English food with a price range from £20-25, it has high customer ratings and is not kid friendly.
The Eagle serves fast food and has a three star rating.
Bibimbap House, Chinese, price range more than £30, riverside, near Clare Hall
Cocum is a cheap, family friendly coffee shop. It also provides Fast food and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Try The Waterman, it is a Fast food style pub with a high customer rating in the riverside area.
Receiving a high customer rating  and prices ranging £20 - £25, the Travellers Rest Beefeater is located near Café Adriatic on the riverside.
Green Man provides Chinese food in the high price range. It is located in the city centre. It is near All Bar One.
Near the Café Sicilia, there is The Punter, a cheap highly rated non-family-friendly coffee shop that serves French food.
The Rice Boat is a restaurant that is located near Express by Holiday Inn in the city centre area, and is not child-friendly.  The price range is high for their English-style food,  and the customer rating is average.
The Waterman is a fast food pub in Riverside. Its customer rating is low.
The Rice Boat is not child friendly and can be costly at more than £30, but it is located in the city centre near Express by Holiday Inn, and it's Japanese food is rated a 5 out of 5 by customers.
The Phoenix offers Indian food at an average of £20-25 for a meal. Located close to the river and with high customer rating.
The Italian pub in the city centre, Zizzi, has received very poor reviews. It is not family friendly.
There's a Chinese called Bibimbap House near to The Rice Boat in the riverside area.
For under 20 Euros, the French restaurant The Dumpling Tree is the best value in town.
Loch Fyne provides Indian food It is located in the riverside. It is near The Rice Boat. Its customer rating is low.
Alimentum serves English food, usually costing more than £30. It has a high customer rating and is situated near Yippee Noodle Bar in the Riverside area.
The Phoenix, located in the city centre, offers English food at a range of £20-25.
English food serving Midsummer House 1 out of 5. Has moderate price ranges and is located near All Bar One.
The city centre has a high price range outlet with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 which is child friendly near the Express by Holiday Inn that serves French food called The Rice Boat
The Alimentum is a high-priced Italian restaurant with average customer ratings.  The Alimentum is located in the riverside area near the  Yippee Noodle Bar.
It  has a reasonable price range. The Phoenix has a 1 star rating and is situated in the area of the city centre.
The Dumpling Tree, located near The Portland Arms, is a family friendly Fast food pub.
The Twenty Two is a child friendly fast food outlet.
The Phoenix have Chinese food with customer rating of 1 out of 5 and located in riverside.
The city centre has a pub called Giraffe that serves fast food in the city centre.
The Twenty Two serves Italian food in the city centre. Please note it is not family-friendly.
Fitzbillies is located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café with a price range of less than.
Near the City centre and Burger King The Eagle coffee shop has different kinds of food
The Wrestlers is a kid friendly, fast food restaurant.  The prices range from 20 to 25 pounds and has high ratings from customers
Riverside venue The Golden Curry serves Italian food. It is a family-friendly venue located near to the Café Rouge, and it gains average ratings from its customers.
A children friendly, Indian coffee shop in the high price range, Fitzbillies, is located in the city centre. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
There is a low customer rate English restaurant with a price range of less than £20 called Browns Cambridge.
The Rice Boat offers fast food. It has low prices and average customer ratings. It is family-friendly. It is located near the Express by Holiday Inn
The Mill coffee shop is near to The Sorrento and is expensive.  It's in the city centre.
The Rice Boat is a place with cheap Indian food located at the riverside near the Express by Holiday Inn. It is not family friendly and is rated low by customers.
Cocum is a cheap coffee shop that offers average Fast food for a family friendly experience.
Browns Cambridge, a Chinese restaurant, is not family friendly but is located in the riverside area near The Sorrento.
A pub restaurant named The Vaults is near Café Adriatic. With a customer rating of 1 out of 5 it also has a moderately priced menu.
The Golden Curry is a excellent Japanese restaurant, rates 5 out of 5 by customers. It also has the added benefit of being very child friendly.
The Golden Curry is a one star restaurant located in the city centre. They are not kid friendly.
Browns Cambridge offers English food at a £20-25 price range and has a high customer rating.
The Eagle is a 1-star dining place.
The Golden Palace is a French coffee shop that has a high customer rating and a price range of £20.  It is located in the riverside area.
The coffee shop is called The Golden Palace and has Italian food. Located along the riverside, it has a moderate price range and a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
In the riverside area is a pub named The Mill. They serve Indian food and has a £20-25 price range.
Located on the riverside The Golden Palace is located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café, they are a pub with a cheap price range.
Near the Yippee Noodle Bar, in the riverside area, is a French restaurant called Alimentum. It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and provides meals in a high price range.
Bibimbap House provides French food and is in the riverside area near The Rice Boat.
The Eagle is a fast food coffee shop located in city centre, near Burger King.
Zizzi is an expensive coffee shop with family amenities, rated one star
Cotto, near Café Rouge offers Japanese foods.
The kid friendly Green Man near All Bar One in the city centre serves Japanese and is kid friendly. It has a moderate price range.
The coffee shop named Giraffe is near The Bakers with a high price range and a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The children friendly restaurant, Loch Fyne, sells French food.
The Rice Boat is a 1-star non-family restaurant. The menu includes Asian cuisine, and the restaurant can be found right off the river.
Green Man is a low-priced Italian restaurant in the city centre near All Bar One. It is not family-friendly.
Strada is a family friendly restaurant with a low rating. its price range is £30 or more.
The Mill is a moderately priced coffee shop where they sell sushi. It is located near The Sorrento.
Clowns, a riverside pub, Has a price range above  £30. Clowns has a high customer rating.
There is a family friendly coffee shop in the city centre called Zizzi. It has high ratings and prices.
Blue Spice is high priced and located in riverside
A cheap sushi restaurant called Blue Spice is on the River.
The Olive Grove is a kid friendly pub, ranging from 20£-30£ located on the riverside.
There is an Italian coffee shop called 'Wildwood', which serves cheap but good quality food with a 5 out of 5 rating from customers. This is near Ranch.
The Wrestlers, with the customer rating of 3 out of 5 is Italian food kids friendly moderate price range restaurant.
Cotto coffee shop where you can get cheap Indian food. Customer rating is average. Located in the city centre area near The Portland Arms.
The Golden Palace is a fast food restaurant located in city centre near a coffee shop. The customer rating is average and food is cheap.
Cocum is a 3 out of 5 star restaurant that welcomes kids of all ages
Although it has high prices, Fitzbillies,  a coffee shop in the riverside area that sells Italian food, is children friendly. It has an average customer rating.
Alimentum is located on the riverside near Yippee Noodle Bar. It is a low cost French restaurant.
Rated 5 out of 5 by customers and family-friendly, Blue Spice is a low-priced restaurant located in the centre of the city.
The Rice Boat is a highly-reviewed, fast-food restaurant located near the Express by Holiday Inn.  It serves an average-priced menu for the city centre area in a family-friendly environment.
The Cotto is a French themed restaurant on the riverside, close to The Portland Arms. A meal will cost you under £20 and ratings are average but steadily climbing.
pub more than £30 The Vaults Café Adriatic customer rating
Loch Fyne is a family friendly French restaurant.
The Plough is a high priced pub that is child friendly with fast food. It can be found near Café Rouge.
The Olive Grove is a restaurant providing take-away deliveries in the low price range. It is located in the city centre.
For pub-style Italian food, visit the kid friendly restaurant Zizzi.
The Rice Boat is a child friendly Chinese restaurant with moderate prices. It is located in the center of the city, near Express by Holiday Inn, with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 stars.
Fitzbillies offers Italian food. It has a low price. Near The Six Bells
The Phoenix provides Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
Strada is a five star family friendly Italian restaurant located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café
Near the city centre is a high priced eatery called The Alimentum.  It's near the Yippee Noodle Bar.
Family friendly French coffee shop, The Wrestlers, is located riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine with a price range less than  £20.
Clowns is a children friendly restaurant price range more than £30 near Café Sicilia.
The Clowns is a coffee shop in the city centre that also serves Indian food. It is in a convenient location, near Clare Hall, but it has a low customer rating.
The Waterman is a well-known slice of culinary history, sitting snugly by the river and offering the finest meals money can buy.
The Cambridge Blue is a restaurant that provides Indian food Its customer rating is low.
There is a fast coffee shop, Browns Cambridge, new Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre that is family-friendly. 2 out of 5 stars
The Rice Boat is near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café with a price range of more than £30 and a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
The Waterman pub serves delicious fast food and is outside the city center
There is a cheap, family friendly coffee shop called Fitzbillies near riverside serving French food rated 5 out of 5 in customer ratings.
With a five star rating, Browns Cambridge offers fast food in the low price range.
Aromi is a fast food coffee shop locate in the city centre with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.  It is not family-friendly.
The Italian coffee shop, The Cricketers, may be family friendly and near The Portland Arms, but its customer rating is low.
Travellers Rest Beefeater at riverside near Café Adriatic has high price range but average customer rating.
Blue Spice is a high priced Italian restaurant in city centre.
Located near The Portland Arms The Cricketers, a family friendly eatery has an average customer rating,  is also a coffee shop
The Golden Curry provides Indian food in the high price range. It is near The Bakers.
Along the riverside near Café Rouge, there is a Japanese food place called 'The Golden Curry. It has average customer ratings. It is not a family-friendly environment.
The Waterman is a family-friendly Fast food restaurant in the city centre. The price range is below £20 and the customer rating is low.
Bibimbap House by the riverside near The Rice Boat serves fast food.
Cocum is a cheap coffee shop offering fast food. It has an average rating and is not family-friendly.
Fitzbillies is a city centre Indian coffee shop with average prices between £20-£25. It is both child friendly, and has high customer satisfaction.
The food is good at The Cricketers coffee shop located at The Portland Arms
There is a Japanese Food called The Wrestlers, that Customer ratings are high on it, the price range is Average between £20-25, and the kids are Friendly.
The Rice Boat on the riverside has French food.
There is a  bad pub called Zizzi that serves Italian food, the customer rating is 1 out of 5 but the kids there are friendly.
The Rice Boat provides Chinese food in the £20-25 price range. It is located in the riverside. It is near Express by Holiday Inn. Its customer rating is high.
In Riverside, Fitzbillies is a cheap French coffee shop that is not known for a family-friendly atmosphere. However, it did receive a 5 out of 5 rating from customers.
A high price, Italian eatery would be Green Man. They are an Italian eatery that is children friendly, located near All Bar One in the riverside area.
Cocum coffee shop where family and friends eating a delicious moment prices at the comfort of your pocket
The Fast food place named Midsummer House is rated a 1 out of 5. It is near the Café Rouge.
The Twenty Two is a decently priced club located on the river with a view of The Rice Boat.
In the riverside area near The Sorrento is  Browns Cambridge which serves Indian food  and it is family friendly.
Price Range moderate Kids Friendly restaurant Travellers Rest Beefeater
The Phoenix is a French place in the city centre with an average rating. The price range is less than 20.
There is a coffee shop located in the city centre near Burger King named The Eagle. It has a low customer rating and isn't family-friendly. They serve French food for under 20 euros.
A family friendly and cheap restaurant is Travellers Rest Beefeater.
Fast food coffee shop The Punter offers a highly rated dining experience near Café Sicilia. Prices tend to be more than £30 and offers a kid friendly experience.
Loch Fyne is a kid friendly fast food restaurant with a price range of 20-25 pounds.
The Golden Palace is an expensive coffee shop near the river on the outskirts of the City centre.
Browns Cambridge is fast, family friendly, meal located near The Sorrento on the riverside.
An expensive venue by the riverside called The Punter is children friendly and is near The Portland Arms.
The Rice Boat, with a customer rating 3 out 5, serves Japanese food for £20-25 in the city centre near the Express by Holiday Inn. Not kid friendly.
There's a low rated Japanese restaurant called  The Eagle.
There is a family friendly Japanese pub that is very cheap and located on the riverside, it is called The Olive Grove
A low rated restaurant in the price range of less than £20 is Taste of Cambridge.
Located in the city centre is an Italian restaurant named The Rice Boat.
The Loch Fyne is a family friendly restaurant that serves wines and cheeses.
The Riverside located Alimentum is a not family-friendly Fast food restaurant with prices less than £20.
Bibimbap House offers French style food and is located near The Rice Boat in a riverside setting.
Located near Express by Holiday Inn, Fitzbillies has a low customer rating, but is high priced.
The Cricketers coffee shop located near The Portland Arms serves Japanese food  5 out of 5 rating and is family friendly
The Rice Boat is a Japanese restaurant located in city centre. It is poorly rated by customers.
The Waterman provides low budget Chinese cuisine in the city centre. It is not family friendly and does not rate well with customers.
Strada is a cheap family friendly venue with a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
There is a French restaurant called Midsummer House that has a rating of 5 out of 5.  Prices are more than French 30, and it is located near All Bar One.
If you are willing to pay more then £30 on Fast food, Blue Spice located in riverside is the place to go.
The English pub Zizzi has a 3 out of 5 rating and is kid friendly.
Strada is a restaurant providing Fast food. It is located near of  Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
Cotto is cheap and by the riverside near All Bar One .
Near the Café Rouge is The Plough, a kid friendly pub that serves Italian food and has a moderate price range.
The Mill is a great pub, serving French food in the Riverside area and affordable prices
Outside of the City centre and near Burger King, The Eagle is a 3-star rated coffee shop. Family friendly atmosphere with more wine than whine and cheese, be prepared to spend more here.
The Punter is a no children-friendly coffee shop providing Italian food in the high price range. It is located near Café Sicilia. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
If you are seeking a kid friendly pub near The Portland Arms that serves good Japanese food, then The Dumpling Tree is your place.
In the riverside area there is a moderate-priced  restaurant with a customer rating of 1 out of 5, that is not children friendly and serves Fast food called The Waterman.
The Twenty Two offers adult dining with English food.
The Twenty Two is located near The Rice Boat and has an adult atmosphere.  It is moderately priced but has a low customer rating.
There is a family friendly average price sushi pub The Plough. It is located near Café Rouge.
The Phoenix is an expensive Japanese restaurant in Riverside with a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
Loch Fyne is a family friendly restaurant that has a cheap range and also have Fast food.
If you are looking for a three-star restaurant, Alimentum is your answer.  Located conveniently near the Yippee Noodle Bar, Alimentum offers sushi and more.
The Rice Boat provides Chinese food in the £20-25 price range. It is located in the riverside. It is near Express by Holiday Inn. Its customer rating is high.
In city centre by The Rice Boat is a 5 out of 5 rated Chinese food place called Loch Fyne.
Browns Cambridge has a high customer Rating and serves Italian food in a more than L30 price Range.
A cheap place with 5 out of 5 rating is the coffee shop Blue Spice. It is near Avalon and the riverside area, and is family friendly.
The Rice Boat is a Chinese food provides, located on the riverside, with a low customer rating and a non-family friendly environment.
A pub called The Twenty Two can be found in Riverside, near Café Sicilia.  It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Zizzi, a family friendly French pub, received a customer rating of 5.
The Eagle is a cheap 5 star Japanese coffee shop in the city centre near Burger King
The Twenty Two, a Riverside located Japanese restaurant, is kid friendly
Wildwood is a cheap, French pub that scored a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Near Rainbow Vegetarian Café, The Golden Palace is a riverside pub that offers prices below  £20.
There is a Chinese pub with a 1 out of 5 customer rating called Wildwood. It is highly priced.
There is a sushi restaurant named The Vaults which offers moderately priced food. This is not a family-friendly venue.
Midsummer House offers Italian food.  It is near Café Rouge and has an average customer rating.
The Rice Boat provides Italian food. It is located in the centre of the city. It's family-friendly, although its customer rating is low.
There is a moderately priced fast food restaurant in city center called Alimentum that is not kid friendly.
Indian pub Giraffe is kids friendly and located in the riverside area.
With a high customer rating, The Eagle serves French food.
The Eagle provides Japanese food with average customer rating.
Near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café, there is a low rated, low priced sushi restaurant that isn't family friendly named Strada.
with a customer rating of 5 out of 5,Loch Fyne serves French Food at Riverside near The Rice Boat
Located along the riverside near The Portland Arms, with a family friendly environment, The Punter offers a cheap price range.
Taste of Cambridge is a restaurant with a moderate price range and a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
All Bar One is located near Cotto. It has a price range of over £30 and is located in the riverside.
Alimentum, a French restaurant in the city centre, has a price range of more than £30 and is not children friendly.
The Phoenix is a restaurant providing wine and cheese in the low price range. Located North of City centre on the river.
The moderately priced children friendly pub serving Chinese food at the city center. is called The Olive Grove.
Browns Cambridge is a moderately priced 5 star, British cuisine restaurant.
The Punter is a restaurant that offers Italian cuisine at a fair price. Prices are usually under twenty pounds.
The Waterman is a high customer rated pub serving Italian food in the riverside area.
Located in riverside, The Olive Grove is a moderately priced pub that provides Japanese food which is not kids friendly.
The Waterman cheap sushi bar near Crowne Plaza Hotel that doesn't allow families with children
In The Portland Arms there is a pub that offers Japanese cuisine and is also family friendly it is called The Dumpling Tree.
Located in the riverside area, The Waterman pub serves English food. It has a 3 out of 5 customer rating.
Alimentum is a family friendly, cheap, English restaurant in the riverside area.
The Eagle is a family friendly coffee shop, offering Japanese. low rated, with equally fair pricing of £20. Close to Burger King at riverside.
Visit The Punter, a children-friendly coffee shop located near Café Sicilia.  Sporting a 3 out of 5 customer rating, this shop offers high priced French food,
The Golden Palace is a whole foods coffee shop with a one star rating and medium pricing.
There is a high priced, Chinese food restaurant with a high customer rating called The Rice Boat, near the Express by Holiday Inn, that is not child friendly.
There is a Chinese food restaurant named Fitzbillies nearby The Six Bells. It's price range is more than  £30.
The Fast food restaurant Loch Fyne is not a family-friendly place.
Wildwood coffee shop located near Ranch serves Italian food with a price  Range of more than £30  and received   a high  customer Rating.
Cheap family friendly Fast food at Green Man near All Bar One on the riverside.
French food is provided at The Rice Boat in the riverside area.
The Eagle with a 1 star rating serves food. It is in the city centre.
Midsummer House is an average priced Chinese restaurant with high ratings, located near All Bar One.
There is a highly-rated fast food restaurant in the riverside area named The Phoenix. It is in the high price range at more than £30.
There is a high price range restaurant The Phoenix and they serve Italian food. They have low customer rating and they are in riverside.
There is a cheap English restaurant The Vaults. It does not allow children.
Strada is a Japanese pub near Yippee Noodle Bar. Customers rated Strada 5 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a five star sushi restaurant. They are high priced but family friendly.
Fitzbillies is a five out of five star, high-cost, family-friendly, coffee shop. It is located in the outskirts of the city centre.
Located near Café Sicilia, The Punter is a coffee shop serving Indian food for less than £20. The establishment is family friendly and has a low customer rating.
Family friendly Café Fitzbillies is located 3 miles from the city centre and offers cheap good quality food
The Waterman is a French restaurant in the price range less than £20 with a low customer rating. It has a bad family-friendly atmosphere
Alimentum is a high costing restaurant which is family friendly.
Loch Fyne is a mid-priced, family-friendly restaurant serving fast food.
Located in riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel, Browns Cambridge is an Indian restaurant and coffee shop in the average price range. It receives average ratings from customers and is not family-friendly.
The Eagle is an upscale coffee shop offering tasty fried fare, and is located several blocks from the city center. It is family friendly, although on the pricey side. It is located near the Burger King.
Cotto is a coffee shop with high customer ratings that serves Indian food. It is located in the city centre, near The Portland Arms, and prices range from £20-25.
Alimentum provides Indian food in the £20-25 price range. It is located in the riverside. It is near Yippee Noodle Bar. Its customer rating is high.
Alimentum is a low- cost restaurant next to Yippee Noodle Bar in city centre.
Browns Cambridge It serves Japanese food and good prices It is located next to Crowne Plaza Hotel
In the riverside area Clowns has average customer rating are less than £20 price range pub.
Cocum is a coffee shop that serves French food.  Customer rating is low.  Price range is less than £20.  It is not family-friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop located near Crowne Plaza Hotel that is not family-friendly and has a one out of five star rating.
The Cambridge Blue, a high cost restaurant located near Café Brazil
The Twenty Two serves English food in a kid friendly setting.
There is a moderately priced Indian Food place near Clare Hall city centre called Bibimbap House.
Clowns is a pub located in the riverside area with a customer rating of average and a price range less than £20.
Green Man provides Chinese food in the less than £20 price range. It is located in the riverside. It is near All Bar One.
The Eagle offers a Japanese coffee shop dining experience for less than 20 pounds. It is family-friendly, with an average customer rating. It is located in the city centre, near Burger King.
The Rice Boat is an adult oriented Japanese restaurant located in the riverside area, near the Express by Holiday Inn, moderate price range, and a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Strada is a cheap, family-friendly restaurant that serves sushi and is rated 3 stars by customers.  It is located by Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
The Rice Boat is a restaurant providing good customer service  in the low price range. It is located on the riverside near Express by Holiday Inn.
A 5 star coffee shop is located near Ranch, it is expensive and is called Wildwood.
The Phoenix is a food Chinese restaurant with a price range of £20-25 and customers rate it high because the riverside
The Mill is a pub providing upscale Italian fare.  Located on the riverside it provides views that are worth the upscale price of the food.
You can have some English food in Cotto. It's near Café Rouge.
The Rice Boat is a fine wine and cheese restaurant in the low price range. It is located by Express by Holiday Inn and has one star. Public restrooms available.
The Punter offers cheap English food.
The Rice Boat serves fast food in the riverside area.  It is family friendly but has a low customer rating.
The Eagle is located in the City Centre near Burger King. The Eagle is kid-friendly, has average prices, and has a high customer rating.
The Plough is a cheap pub, no kids allowed. It's situated near the Café Rouge.
Cocum  is a coffee shop serving fast food for a moderate price. Child friendly with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Waterman is providing Japanese food with moderate price range.
Aromi, located near the river, is a pasta and coffee shop with a five star rating. It is fit for the whole family.
The Waterman has prices ranging from £20 to £25. It is kid-friendly.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop providing Indian food in the cheap price range. It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
The Phoenix is located in Cambridge. It is an expensive restaurant that received one star.
You can take the family for Italian food at Alimentum, in the riverside area, and prices are low.
The Plough has an average price range and is near The Bakers. It is a kids friendly restaurant.
The Eagle serves Italian food and only has a 1 out of 5 rating.
Strada is a 3-star rated family friendly wine Café near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café.  It is cheap.
The Punter is a mid range coffee shop that is family friendly, near the Café Sicilia.
The Eagle is a cheap venue with an average customer rating in the city centre
The Golden Curry is a fast food venue with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.  It is not child friendly.
If you are looking for a family friendly coffee shop, then Cocum is the place for you. It is rated 5 out of 5 stars by its customers, and is moderately priced.
Strada is a child friendly restaurant with reasonable prices for an amazing range of offer. Even with being within a price range of 30 and over, its worth it.
The Waterman is a fast food restaurant in the riverside area. It is not children friendly, has a 1 out of 5 customer rating and is in the high price range.
There is a coffee shop in the City center serving Indian food called Fitzbillies. It has a low customer rating and is the medium price range.
Cocum coffee shop has Indian food and has a high price range.
In City center there is a Chinese restaurant that is not family friendly, but has a 5 out of 5 rating called The Rice Boat.
Known for it French food, 5 out of 5 ratings and cheap prices, The Golden Palace is a coffee shop, located in Riverside.
Zizzi, a kid friendly Italian pub, with a customer rating 1 out of 5.
The Phoenix is a top rated sushi restaurant nearby the river.
Strada, a Japanese pub, near Yippee Noodle Bar, has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Priced at more than £30, and located by the riverside, The Wrestlers, near Raja Indian Cuisine, is a child friendly coffee house that serves French cuisine
In Riverside you will find an averagely rated English pub called The Waterman.
The Rice Boat is located in city centre near the Express by Holiday Inn. It has a low customer rating with a price range of more than 30. The Rice Boat is child friendly and serves Japanese food.
The Wrestlers provides English food for £20-£25. It is child friendly and has high customer rating.
The kid family fast food restaurant Strada, is located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
The Rice Boat is a eat-in restaurant for families, providing  in the low price range. It is located close to Express by Holiday Inn in the city centre .
The French restaurant, The Eagle, has a low customer rating.
You could get your Chinese meal from the Strada, it is near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café, its  usually about £22 per person. No you can't take the kids and the reviews are not very good.
Near Café Rouge, you will find a three star restaurant called Midsummer House.
The Rice Boat serves fast food and is family-friendly. It is located near Express by Holiday Inn in the center of the city. It has a customer rating of average and a price range of cheap.
Browns Cambridge prices range from 20 to 25 dollars and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Clowns is a Italian coffee shop with low customer Rating located at the riverside near Clare Hall.
A kid friendly pub style eatery, Giraffe, serves Japanese food and is in the riverside area.
The Mill is a moderately priced pub near the city centre.
Cocum is a hi rating good restaurant but no family and friendly.
The Cricketers is a family friendly five-star coffee shop near The Portland Arms offering wine and cheese.
Loch Fyne isn't a family restaurant.
The Golden Curry is a restaurant in the Riverside area, near Café Rouge. They serve Indian food, with a 5 out of 5 rating from customers.  This location is family friendly.
For moderately priced English food, find The Plough pub near Café Rouge. Children are welcome.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is a high priced riverside restaurant rated 3 out of 5 stars. It is near Café Adriatic
The poorly rated pub, Wildwood, serves reasonably priced sushi.
Cocum is a well-respected Italian coffee shop, offering food at the higher price range. It is child-friendly.
Alimentum is an Italian restaurant located in the city centre with a moderate price with a bad kids friendly atmosphere.
The Wildwood coffee shop is located in Ranch. It is a mid range for price and has an excellent 5 star rating.
Highly rated English food restaurant The Waterman, is located in Riverside. The cost is high but is not child friendly.
Strada Family friendly restaurant Located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café
The Golden Curry in riverside near Café Rouge serves Japanese food and is not family-friendly. They have an average customer rating.
A highly rated French venue called The Punter.
The Rice Boat offers Italian food. It is located in the riverside area.
Italian food in the £20-25 price range can be found at The Waterman.  It is in city centre and has a high customer rating but is not kid friendly.
Near the riverside is The Waterman, which serves English food. It is averagely rated, priced a little high, but not child friendly.
The Cambridge Blue pub is expensive and offers gourmet burgers and freshly cut fries
There is a place called Strada that has a high price range. It is children friendly with a 3 out of 5 customer rating.
Alimentum is an Italian venue in the city centre near Yippee Noodle Bar.  It is moderately priced with an average customer rating.
Rated 3 out of 5 by its customers, The Cambridge Blue is a fast food restaurant.
Strada has Italian food with a moderate price range, they have 1 out of 5 customer rating however they are not kid friendly. They are located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
Strada, situated near Rainbow Vegetarian Café, offers Japanese food in high prices. It is not a children friendly place and has been rated average.
The Mill is a coffee shop providing Indian food in the moderate price range. It is located in the city centre. It is near The Sorrento.
Browns Cambridge serves Japanese food. It is located in the riverside area, near The Sorrento.
The Zizzi is a family friendly pub yet only rated one star
Strada is a cheap restaurant located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.  It is 5 stars and family friendly.
The Wrestlers is a higher-cost burger palace that is family friendly.
The Phoenix provides Italian food. It is located in city centre and has a customer rating 5 out of 5.
Fast food place. yes. The Waterman. cheap. riverside. 5 out of 5.
In city centre near Burger King is The Eagle that is a coffee shop and Japanese food place with low reviews and a price range of moderate.
The Waterman is a three star pub in the city centre, serving Italian food
Midsummer House is a cheap fast-food restaurant near All Bar One with a low customer rating.
The Wildwood pub is mid price range and serves British food.
The Rice Boat is a high rated Chinese restaurant near the riverside, and is a children friendly venue.
There's a restaurant which offers Japanese food with a high customer rating. It's a kids friendly place called The Wrestlers with prices ranging about  £20-25.
Come visit Strada, our new pub located near Yippee Noodle Bar. Serving English food and boasting a customer rating of 1 out of 5, don't pass this place up.
There is a moderately priced English restaurant named The Rice Boat near Express by Holiday Inn in the city centre. It is moderately priced, kid friendly, and rated 3 out of 5.
A kid friendly place near The Six Bells is The Golden Curry.
The Waterman is located on the riverside and serves Indian food in the moderate price range. It has a 1 out 5 rating and is not kid friendly.
The Golden Curry fast-food restaurant is kids friendly with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Blue Spice is a kids-friendly coffee shop near Avalon in the riverside area. It has a price range of £20-£25 and has a high customer rating.
Loch Fyne is a family friendly restaurant that serves Italian food and has a cheap price range.
The Dumpling Tree is a pub which serves authentic English foods, and is located near The Portland Arms. It is very children-friendly.
The Vaults is a pub near Café Adriatic and the price range is moderate. It is rated 3 out of 5.
The Golden Curry House is close to the Café Rouge situated in  Cambridge that doesn't support families has lots of food and drink with a 1 star rating
Great fast food is served at Zizzi pub
There is a coffee shop with a price range of more than £30, that has a high customer rating called The Golden Palace that serves Italian  food by the riverside.
Fitzbillies has a price range of more than 30 dollars and is located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
There is a cheap coffee shop which is family-friendly and it is located in the city centre area, close to Burger King. It is called The Eagle and it has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Taste of Cambridge is a coffee shop serving Japanese food.  It is located by the riverside near the Crowne Plaza Hotel and is not family-friendly.
The Dumpling Tree restaurant serves expensive French food.
The Mill is located in City Centre near The Sorrento. It is an affordable coffee shop with very fine eatery.
The Wildwood restaurant, near Café Rouge, has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge is a French restaurant with a price range of £20-25 and the customer service is rated high.
Cotto has a low customer rating of 1 out of 5. It's a fast food coffee shop with a high price range. It's in the riverside area near The Portland Arms.
There is a coffee shop called Browns Cambridge serving French food which is child Friendly near to the Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area.
The Golden Curry sears English food near The Bakers. It is family friendly and has a higher price point.
There is a pub located in the riverside with a cheap price range of twenty to twenty five named The Olive Grove.
The Olive Grove is a kid Friendly pub by a riverside, serving Japanese with an average price Range.
Located north of the city centre, The Olive Grove is a moderately priced pub suitable for families.
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing Indian food in the moderate price range. It is located in the city centre. It is near Burger King. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Cambridge Blue pub is near Café Brazil, it has a cheap price range and serves English food.
Cotto is a nice coffee shop near the river in The Portland Arms with one star review.
Sited near the Thames, Fitzbillies is a lowly rated family-friendly coffee shop serving Italian food at mid-range prices.
An affordable, kids friendly place, Fitzbillies, is located nearby Express by Holiday Inn. It has decent reviews.
Fitzbillies restaurant near The Six Bells sells cheap English food.
Near to Express by Holiday Inn is located Fitzbillies. It has high customer rating and a price range between £20-25. Theres is no kids area.
Browns Cambridge is a family-friendly coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the City center.  It is considered a fast food establishment and currently has a low customer rating.
The Dumpling Tree is a cheap family friendly coffee shop. It is located in riverside near Café Sicilia.
For cheap food there is a restaurant near The Six Bells called Giraffe
Check out The Phoenix if you're looking for quality French cuisine in the riverside area. The Phoenix has an average customer rating.
The Strada is a family friendly restaurant providing breakfast. It is medium priced and has a 3 star rating. It is family friendly and located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
The Cricketers coffee shop is near The Portland Arms. They have a 5 out of 5 star rating, and a family friendly environment.
There is a kid friendly coffee shop named Fitzbillies located at the riverside. Offering French food for average prices, has earned it a 3 out 5 customer rating.
The Mill, down by the riverside, offers great Italian food for being a pub. The prices are fairly average, starting around £30.
The Wrestlers provides Chinese food in the moderate price range. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Waterman is a pub providing Chinese food It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Alimentum is a French restaurant in the more than £30 price range in riverside near Yippee Noodle Bar.
coffee Shop, Wildwood, located near Ranch offers Indian food at a price range of high. Customer rating is average
Blue Spice by the riverside is cheap.
Cotto is located near Café Rouge, and serves Japanese food.
There is a pub The Waterman that is rated one star.
The Rice Boat is an average Indian cuisine restaurant located in city centre, that is not family friendly.
The Rice Boat serves Indian food. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 and is located in the riverside area and is not family friendly.
Giraffe is a family friendly coffee shop near The Bakers with a low price range. It suffers from a below average customer rating though.
The Olive Grove is a cheap pub providing fast food on the low price range.
There is a coffee shop Taste of Cambridge that is located in riverside that serves Indian food.  It is children friendly and near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
In the city centre near The Sorrento is Browns Cambridge. It is a family-friendly fast food restaurant.
Midsummer House offering up Indian Cuisine is rated a 1 out of 5 by customers, is located near Café Rouge.
The Travellers Rest Beefeater serves mid price range food. It is near the river and close to Café Adriatic.
price range cheap in this family Friendly Fast food joint called The Vaults
There is a pub called The Plough which is near Café Rouge. The food is French and the price range is more than £30. It is children friendly.
The Golden Curry serves French food to the riverside area with a 5 out of 5 customer rating. It is near the Café Rouge and is not family-friendly.
Aromi is a children friendly pub with a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is located in riverside.
The Japanese restaurant called The Waterman is located in the riverside area of town. It is a children-friendly, high price ranged  eating establishment that scores 3 out of 5 stars.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Indian food in the moderate price range. It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Wildwood is a highly rated, but costly pub, serving good food
Offering a selection of food and wine, The Eagle is a one-star restaurant.
Strada is a restaurant providing Italian food in the high price range. It is located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
The Strada is near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café and serves expensive pub food.
Blue Spice is a kid-friendly establishment set by the riverside, with an £20-25 price range and a decent rating of 3 out of 5 from customers
Blue Spice is ranked 1 star and is located right near Avalon, good for adults not for children and kids
The Waterman is a three star family friendly sushi bar located north from the City Centre
Loch Fyne Italian restaurant has a family friendly atmosphere for less than 20 euros.
The Eagle is a cheap, one-star coffee shop near Burger King. It is family friendly.
The Waterman provides Indian food in the cheap price range. It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
In the city centre there is a coffee shop called The Golden Palace that provides Indian food at a low price with 5 out of 5 customer rating.
Zizzi is a family friendly pub with an average customer rating providing English food.
Fitzbillies is located near the Express by Holiday Inn. The customer ratings are low, it is family friendly and cost less than £20.
Browns Cambridge is a three star family friendly coffee shop near the Crowne Plaza Hotel.
an average, cheap Italian in the riverside area would be The Phoenix
The Olive Grove is a not family-friendly pub and is quite cheap. It serves Fast food near the riverside.
The Rice Boat on the riverside near Express by Holiday Inn offers moderate priced Italian food in a adult atmosphere.
Mid price family friendly place to go is Zizzi.
The Golden Palace is a cheap coffee shop located in riverside that serves Italian cuisine. It has an average customer rating
Cocum has a high customer rating and is a kids friendly restaurant.
The Twenty Two is family friendly and offers English cuisine. It is located on the riverside.
The Phoenix is a riverside French restaurant with a high rating.
A highly rated, highly priced pub, Cocum is not child friendly.
The Strada, located near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café serves English food at a moderate price range. It is not kid friendly and has a rating of 1 out of 5.
The Wrestlers is a high customer rating venue serving Chinese. The price range is from £30 and is child friendly.
A Chinese food place called The Waterman is located along a river side that is cheap, has a good customer rating, and is family friendly.
Alimentum offers French food in a family friendly atmosphere in the over 30 pound price range in the riverside area.
1 Star Oriental restaurant Midsummer House offering Sushi and Shrimp. Located near Café Rouge.
Fitzbillies serves English food in the range of £20-25. It is located near The Six Bells.
The Olive Grove serves English food, it is near the riverside, kid friendly and moderately priced.
It is a high priced restaurant. It is at The Golden Palace.
The Cricketers is a coffee shop which also offers fast food options. It is located near The Portland Arms. The Cricketers is rated average among customers and is child-friendly.
Cotto is a poorly recommended coffee shop serving reasonably priced fast food, sited on the banks of the river Thames near The Portland Arms.
There is a coffee shop near Burger King that provides cheap food.  It is called The Eagle.
There is a pub that offers moderately priced Chinese food in the riverside area, it is called The Mill.
The Waterman is new in the area, but is not a place for family events
Giraffe is a pub that serves Indian food and is not kid friendly; located in the city centre.
The Plough is a children friendly pub near Café Rouge.  It offers Japanese food in the price range of more than £30.
There is an Indian restaurant with high customer ratings called, The Cambridge Blue.
The Golden Curry is a kids friendly Italian restaurant near Café Rouge. It is located in Riverside with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Eagle has a high price range, an average customer rating and is located by the riverside.
The Golden Curry is family friendly and has English food.
There is a children-friendly coffee shop that serves Japanese food with a price range with more than £30 with a rating of 5 out of 5 near Burger King in the city centre called The Eagle.
The price range is high in The Waterman area with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and the children are friendly and the food is English.
The Twenty Two is a British restaurant that serves breakfast near the river. Families are not permitted.
The Pub down the road serves children, Its name is The Plough. It isn't very pricey and serves French style foods. It is located near Café Rouge.
The Vaults is a non-family friendly environment. The Vaults serves cheese and wines.
Strada is child-friendly and has a 5 out of 5 customer rating. its price range is more than £30.
In riverside nearby to The Portland Arms, there is a child friendly venue in the average price range called The Punter.
The Zizzi pub offers fast food, a high customer rating, and a kid friendly environment.
Zizzi is a pub providing Indian food Its customer rating is high.
The Golden Curry serves Fast food, is child friendly, and has a low customer rating.
Aromi is a restaurant located in Riverside offering Italian food.
The Blue Spice is a non-family-friendly coffee shop in the city centre near Avalon with a 5 out of 5 customer rating and has a cheap price range.
Green Man in riverside is a child friendly venue but the price range is high.
The Waterman is an Italian restaurant. It has a low price range and is family friendly but has only received average customer reviews. It is located beside the river.
The Golden Curry is an Indian restaurant with a high customer rating and is family friendly.
For an Italian meal for all the family that won't break the bank, you can visit The Vaults.
In the riverside area near Avalon there's a a coffee shop with high customer reviews called Blue Spice. It is in the average price range but it is not kid friendly.
Theres a Japanese restaurant called Bibimbap House near Clare Hall in riverside for less than £20
3-stars for The Vaults pub near Café Adriatic. Middle price range.
The name of the Café is The Punter.  It serves Italian food and is very cheap.
A high price range, low customer rating, restaurant, The Twenty Two, is located near The Rice Boat in Riverside.
For a child friendly high priced pub with customer ratings of 3 out of 5, try Cocum.
Near the city centre area you will find The Golden Palace, a coffee shop serving French food with a price range more than £30.
For less than £20 you can eat Italian food at a family friendly restaurant called Loch Fyne,
For a 3 star low priced coffee shop  Wildwood is near Ranch.
The Eagle is a coffee shop in the medium price range. It is located near a Burger King.
The Rice Boat is an English restaurant in the city centre near Express by Holiday Inn. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 with cheap food. It is not family-friendly.
The Golden Curry is a French restaurant near Café Rouge, located next to riverside.
The Wrestlers in Cambridge is great for light meals, and it's family-friendly. Alcoholic drinks are also sold.
The Browns Cambridge sells high quality pub food at equally high prices in an urban environment.
In the riverside area is an Italian pub named The Waterman. It has a rating of 1 out of 5.
A Japanese restaurant in the city centre, near to the Express by Holiday Inn, is The Rice Boat.  Their prices range more than £30, they are not children family and they have a low customer rating.
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing sea food deliveries in the average  price range. It is located in the north of city after Burger King next to river
A coffee shop named The Wrestlers is located near Raja Indian Cuisine in riverside offering moderately priced fast food. It is kid friendly.
The Golden Curry has been rated as 'average.'  Japanese food is served in a family- friendly environment.
The Eagle is a low cost, family friendly coffee shop located riverside near Burger King.
Located near All Bar One, Midsummer House, a fast food venue, has high prices and moderate ratings.
Alimentum is not kids friendly. They serve English food. In the riverside area. There price range is moderate.
The Dumpling Tree is an expensive Indian restaurant.
The Mill is a pub that serves French food in the city centre. Expect to pay less than £20 for your meal.
Loch Fyne is a restaurant serving French food. It has a children-friendly setting.
For Italian food in the riverside area head to the Green Man. This pub is located near to Café Rouge
The Waterman is a moderately-priced family restaurant. It has five out of five stars.
Fitzbillies  near The Six Bells is  a high price ranged Italian
Alimentum offers fine French cuisine in the riverside area near Yippee Noodle Bar.  Alimentum was giving the highest ratings by customers in spite of its high pricing.
Although not family-friendly, The Punter coffee shop, close to Café Sicilia, serves cheap sushi meals.
Zizzi is a family-friendly coffee shop in the city centre with a high customer rating and a price range of £20-25.
In the riverside area near Rainbow Vegetarian Café is a reasonably priced pub called The Golden Palace.
The Punter, Japanese restaurant prices £20-25.
The Golden Palace, a coffee shop located near the riverside, has a 5 out of 5 customer rating. It offers Fast food at a very cheap price.
The Waterman is near Crown Plaza Hotel. It is a child friendly restaurant serving French food.
There is a moderately priced Japanese restaurant near The Six Bells called Fitzbillies.
Fitzbillies is high price, but has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.  It is located near Express by Holiday Inn, and is family friendly.
The Phoenix by the riverside serving French food, is cheap and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
A cheap eatery at the riverside is Blue Spice.
The Waterman is a family-friendly inexpensive Japanese restaurant located in the city centre. Customer rating for The Waterman is low.
The Twenty Two provides Chinese food It is located in the riverside.
The coffee shop The Cricketers is a family friendly fast food place, near The Portland Arms, that has a low customer rating
Riversides kids friendly Japanese dish is The Rice Boat.
Travellers Rest Beefeater, in the riverside area near Café Adriatic, has average customer ratings and cost less than £20.
The Cricketers is a coffee shop located near The Portland Arms, it offers families convenient food at affordable prices.
Strada is an adult oriented Italian restaurant located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café, has a low customer rating but a moderate price range.
Close ti Café Sicilia operate family-Friendly Italian food coffee shop rated 5 out of 5 priced cheap named The Punter.
The Golden Palace is a great cheap coffee shop which also serves wine and cheese. It is located next to the river,  not far from the city centre.
Strada is a children-friendly Chinese restaurant near Rainbow Vegetarian Café. It has an average customer rating and is high-priced.
There is an expensive coffee and Indian food restaurant in the city centre called Fitzbillies. It is highly priced and adult only.
Midsummer House provides Chinese food It is near Café Rouge. Its customer rating is low.
The Twenty Two is in riverside near The Rice Boat with a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is children friendly at a price range of more than 30 Euros.
The Waterman is an Indian pub in center city with low customer ratings.
Midsummer House has high priced Japanese cuisine. It is convenient to All Bar One and has moderate customer reviews.
The Rice Boat located near Express by Holiday Inn in the city centre serves Italian food, is kids friendly, has a moderate price range and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Loch Fyne is a family restaurant that serves French food with excellent prices.
Located near The Bakers is Giraffe, a non-kid friendly, average priced and moderately rated coffee shop.
rated 1 out of 5, The Phoenix offers high priced Chinese food in Riverside.
The Dumpling Tree serves English food and is located near The Portland Arms. It is a children friendly pub.
Cocum restaurant average place to come with your family
The pub Café Adriatic ranges more than 30 and is rated 5 out of 5 its near The Vaults.
The Vaults is a kid friendly place serving Chinese food in the moderate  price range.
There is a cheap Italian food coffee shop in the city centre, near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is called The Wrestlers and it is not family-friendly.
Wildwood is a cheap pub that sells Chinese food. It has an overall rating of 5 out of 5.
The Vaults is a low priced English restaurant. It does not allow children.
The Wrestlers is a moderately priced, child friendly fast food restaurant with a 3 out of 5 customer rating
An English restaurant called The Wrestlers is a family friendly restaurant. It has a price range of less than £20, but the customer ratings are low.
The Cricketers is a children friendly pub near Ranch. It has a 5 out of 5 rating
The Rice Boat, a  5 star,  family-friendly restaurant located close to the Express by Holiday Inn, serves low-priced food and spirits.
The Golden Palace is a high-priced coffee shop with one out of five stars.
The Phoenix is a 5 out of 5 £30 price range French venue.
The Golden Curry is a restaurant serving Chinese cuisine. It has a high customer rating and provides a great kid-friendly atmosphere.
There is a moderately priced restaurant named The Waterman located north of the centre of the city that provides classic British food.
The Cambridge Blue, a Chinese restaurant, is located near the Café Brazil. It has food that costs more than £30.
Fitzbillies coffee shop is located in the city centre area and is children friendly. They offer fast food with a high price range and a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Midsummer House is a burger joint serving quality meals at high prices. It is located next to All Bar One.
Clowns is a high rated coffee shop serving Japanese food near Clare Hall in the riverside area.
Fitzbillies is an expensive coffee shop located in the riverside area. It sells Italian food and is not popular with customers. This restaurant is not child friendly.
Located by All Bar One, Midsummer House is a high priced restaurant providing fast food. It is a one star restaurant.
Cocum coffee shop serves Indian food in the cheap price range with a 5 out of 5 customer rating but is not family friendly
The Cambridge Blue is a pub serving Indian food. Located near Café Brazil, average cost is less than £20.
The Waterman is a kid friendly place the serves English food. It is near the Crowne Plaza Hotel.
The Eagle is a family-friendly Japanese food coffee shop in the city near Burger King with low prices and a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
A pub The Cambridge Blue, near Café Brazil, offers fast food at high prices.
Cocum is a cheap, family friendly pub with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Child friendly but expensive, Cocum is a pub that has been given a poor rating by its customers.
Alimentum offers  cheap, family-friendly food in the Riverside area.
The Eagle has a price range of less than £20. It is in Riverside and has a low customer rating
The Green Man on the riverside serves fast-food for over 30 pounds per person. It is located near All Bar One on the riverside and is child-friendly.
The Phoenix serves Italian food in the riverside area and is rated 3 out of 5.
Blue Spice is  located a short distance  from St. John's College and is a great place for adults to gather.
Located in the city centre, the adult only The Olive Grove is a moderately priced place serving French food
The Rice Boat will serve up Japanese food with in the £20-25 price range near the Express by Holiday Inn in riverside with a no children policy we have 3 out of 5 stars.
Clowns pub in riverside has a cheap menu but excels with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Indian food in the high price range. It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Giraffe is a family restaurant specializing in French food.  It is a pub-type atmosphere and is located in the riverside area.
Cocum is a high priced adult coffee shop with a high customer rating.
Blue Spice is a children-friendly coffee shop in the high price range. It is located near Avalon in the city centre. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
Located on the riverside near Avalon is Blue Spice, a cheap average rated family friendly coffee shop.
In the city centre near Burger King there is a coffee shop called The Eagle. It serves low priced Italian food and has a high customer rating. It is not family-friendly.
In the riverside is an Italian restaurant called Alimentum. It is not family-friendly and costs less than £20.
The Eagle is Japanese with coffee shop on side Burger King in the city centre with average no less than £20
There is a friendly for kids Fast food called Alimentum. It is situated in the riverside area and it offers  moderate price range.
The Waterman located near the river is mid-priced 5 star family friendly dining.
The Punter offers Fast food at a reasonable price of below £20.
The Phoenix is near Chesterton Rd and the river. They are a 1-star rated noodle place.
There is a coffee shop friendly with the children near Café Sicilia called The Punter, that has a very high rating, the prices start with 30 £ ,and they also serve Italian food.
Strada has a customer rating 1 out of 5, kid friendly moderate price range.
The Phoenix is a mid priced restaurant which sells sushi. It is situated at the edge of the city.
The Eagle Italian coffee shop located near Burger King in the riverside area is a high priced coffee shop with an customer Rating of 1 out of 5 that is not children friendly.
Fast food joint The Waterman is not children friendly and has a high price range but average customer service and resides in Riverside.
The Vaults is a family friendly restaurant serving English food.  It is in the low price range of less than L20.
Fitzbillies is a well-known, pricey place by the Express by Holiday Inn.
Blue Spice with a low customer rating offers a family friendly service for below £20 on the riverside.
There is an Italian coffee shop named Cocum with an average customer rating. The prices are low but not very family-friendly.
Providing Italian food at a high price range, The Vaults is children friendly.
Fitzbillies is a high-cost, high-quality coffee shop with a family-friendly environment.
At the riverside there is a Japanese restaurant called Alimentum. It is reasonably priced with meals generally under £20.  They welcome children.
The Phoenix is an average rated Indian restaurant in the city centre. It is moderately priced.
The Mill is located in the city centre near The Sorrento with price range less than 20. It is a coffee shop with fast food.
Giraffe is a kids-friendly coffee shop located near The Bakers, with a high customer rating and a price range of £20-25.
The Wildwood restaurant is located near Café Rouge.  It has an average customer rating.
Wildwood is a restaurant with a family friendly environment.
The Phoenix is a family friendly marketplace for all your food needs.
The Phoenix provides cheap food and is located near the river. It has a three star rating.
Browns Cambridge offers French food for less than £20, although it does have a low customer rating.
The Cricketers is a low rated Japanese coffee shop near The Portland Arms, it is children-friendly.
The Twenty Two offers French food and a child-friendly atmosphere.
For family friendly dining, The Golden Curry is a wonderful Japanese cuisine choice that will make you want to up that low rating to a high rating.
The Phoenix is a riverside restaurant that sells traditional English food, however is quite expensive.
Zizzi is a family-friendly English pub, rated 5 out of 5.
At the riverside near the Express by Holiday Inn is a cheap, lowly rated Indian food place called The Rice Boat. It is not family friendly.
The Phoenix is an Indian restaurant with low customer ratings located near the riverside.
The Eagle is an averagely price coffee shop located in the riverside area, near Burger King with a 3 out of 5 rating and offering Japanese food. This restaurant is not child-friendly.
In the riverside area Zizzi is an expensive restaurant.
The Twenty Two is kid-friendly and serves fast-food.
Clowns is a low-rated Indian coffee shop near Clare Hall. It is located by the river.
Near Café Adriatic and the river is Travellers Rest Beefeater.  It is highly rated and averagely  priced.
The Wrestlers serves Fast food costing more than £30. It is children friendly and customers rate it highly.
The Eagle has a customer rating 3 out of 5 and serves Italian food. This coffee shop is not kids friendly and is located in city centre near Burger King.
The Loch Fyne in riverside, near The Rice Boat, serves Indian food and has a rating of 3 out of 5.
Near the riverside  Alimentum has a moderate price range and serves Fast food and is kids friendly
Blue Spice serves English food at moderate price. It is located by the riverside.
Indian food in the price range of £20-25 is served at The Rice Boat, located at the city centre near Express by Holiday Inn. It has high customer rating and is not kids friendly.
There is a kid-friendly, French restaurant called Alimentum that serves food priced £20-25.
Cotto is a coffee shop serving cheap Indian food in the riverside area near The Portland Arms.  It was given a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
A family-friendly restaurant coffee shop rating in 5of5 called Browns Cambridge located near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the center of the city
There is a Chinese restaurant called The Waterman located in the riverside area with high price range and average customer rating and it is children friendly also.
Loch Fyne is an expensive restaurant serving Chinese food. This place is not children friendly.
Located along the riverside, The Rice Boat provides Italian food to its customers. It is kid-friendly with a rating of 1 out 5 stars.
Cotto, a French coffee shop near The Portland Arms in city centre has a low customer rating, but has prices less than   £20
The Wrestlers is a  Italian coffee shop and  is child friendly, they are in the higher price range. It is located in city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine.
For cheap Indian food try The Waterman on the riverside. It has a 5 out of 5 rating but be aware it is not family friendly.
The child-friendly pub The Plough is located near Café Rouge. It serves French food for prices higher than £30.
The Dumpling Tree is a pub near The Portland Arms. They serve Japanese cuisine in an adult atmosphere.
Midsummer House is a low priced, 5 star, British cuisine restaurant, located beside All Bar One.
The Eagle is a family friendly coffee shop located near Burger King. They have a high price range and a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
Loch Fyne is a 5 star rated burger restaurant near The Rice Boat.
For highly rated Indian food at an average price in the riverside area, try The Waterman. Not kid friendly.
The Twenty Two is a delicious Chinese restaurant and great for kids too.
Cocum is a cheap, Indian-serving coffee shop  rated average by customers, which is family friendly.
The Wrestlers coffee shop and French restaurant is located outside of the City centre near Raja Indian Cuisine. It offers a cheap dining experience but does not cater for families.
Strada is a restaurant nearby the Rainbow Vegetarian Café, serving affordable and delicious Italian alternatives.
The Twenty Two is a child friendly venue serving Italian food.
The Italian restaurant, The Mill, located in riverside area has pub eating with prices on the menu less than £20.
The best French food restaurant is located in the city Centre near Café Rouge.  It is called The Golden Curry and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.  It is also family friendly
Located near Ranch, Cotto serves Chinese food. They have an average customer rating and are family friendly.
Near the Raja Indian Cuisine is children-friendly in the riverside area. It is a coffee shop with Japanese food with a high price range named The Wrestlers.
Wildwood is a pub that serves Japanese food. Both its customer rating and price range is average.
The Golden Palace is a restaurant that offers low-priced meals.
With a high price Range and an average rating, Fitzbillies near Express by Holiday Inn is child Friendly.
Near to the river is Blue Spice which serves inexpensive food.
Highly rated English food can be found at the Loch Fyne, near The Rice Boat in Riverside.
Browns Cambridge is a short walk from The Sorrento fast food restaurant, which has a riverside view, friends and family welcome.
A Japanese restaurant found near riverside is The Rice Boat.
With a kid-friendly atmosphere, The Olive Grove is located near the riverside.
Fitzbillies is an average priced, fast food restaurant in the city center. The coffee shop is not kid friendly and is rated highly among customers.
The Vaults is an Indian cuisine restaurant offering food with a price range of less than £20.  This restaurant is not family friendly.
Located in city centre bring you're  whole family to The Waterman.
Near Clare Hall in the riverside area is a high rated coffee shop called Clowns serving Japanese food.
Fitzbillies is an Italian coffee shop located in city centre. It has average customer rating and not family-friendly, but has cheap price ranges.
The Waterman is a  Japanese, family-friendly restaurant that is under £20, but with a low customer rating in the city centre.
The Eagle is a highly rated coffee shop in the City Centre near Burger King. It is aimed at older upper class people serving fantastic coffee and delicious French Food.
The Cambridge Blue is an Indian restaurant with a rating of 3 out of 5.
The Rice Boat is a family friendly place rated 5 out of 5 by customers. They serve Indian food in the city centre.
Giraffe is a cheap, family friendly coffee shop located near The Bakers. It has an average customer rating.
There is a restaurant called The Vaults which offers French food.
Looking for a great meal with wine  and spirits, visit Midsummer House located near All Bar One.
Cotto is a low rated, child-friendly, Japanese restaurant near Ranch.
In the city centre is located The Twenty Two that offers Fast Food. There is no family area.
Indian restaurant The Rice Boat is located in the city centre near Express by Holiday Inn. It has a high customer rating, dishes costing more than 30 pounds, and is not children friendly.
Alimentum is a quality sushi restaurant located near Yippee Noodle Bar.
Blue Spice is a coffee shop with a moderate price range near Avalon that is kids friendly, in the riverside area, and rating 1 out of 5.
There is a restaurant called The Cricketers serving English food near to All Bar One.
The Waterman in a French family friendly restaurant near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Cotto coffee shop near the riverside is close to The Portland Arms. Higher than average prices with lower ratings it serves Japanese food.
The Phoenix is an average-rated French restaurant in the city centre.
Cocum is a 5-out-of-5, family-friendly coffee shop which serves cheap French cuisine.
The Cambridge Blue is a restaurant providing Italian people rating average
The Golden Curry is a child friendly Italian near The Bakers. The price range is £20 - £25.
Green Man is a Japanese restaurant that is not kid friendly. It is near All Bar One and has a moderate price range. It is in the riverside area.
The Twenty Two is a family-friendly restaurant in city centre near The Rice Boat. It has an average customer rating for a less than average cost.
The Cricketers is a coffee shop providing Indian food It is near The Portland Arms. Its customer rating is average.
The Olive Grove pub serves reasonably priced sushi with a family friendly environment. It is located along the riverside.
The Phoenix is a Japanese food place with a price range of more than £30, is in the city centre and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Aromi is a coffee shop for families that eat healthy diet. It is located in the north city.
The Eagle is in the Northern City Centre, on the South side of the River, near Burger King.
The Eagle is a 1-star rated noodle place.
Clowns is a coffee shop and has Italian food. It is in riverside near Clare Hall and has an average customer rating.
The Giraffe is a pub that serves Japanese food in the riverside area.
The Waterman Indian food has a low customer rating and a family friendly environment with a central location and high price range
There is a restaurant Loch Fyne serving Chinese food that is friendly to kids.
The Midsummer House is an expensive, 1 star restaurant located near All Bar One.
Alimentum is a cheap Chinese restaurant rated 5 out of 5 by customers, and is located in the city centre near to Yippee Noodle Bar.
In City centre near Burger King is The Eagle; a non-child friendly coffee shop. Food is fast, Price is high and average customer ratings.
The Wrestlers provides Chinese food in the less than £20 price range. Its customer rating is low.
In city centre, The Mills is a pub with Chinese food in less than £20.
The Olive Grove is a children friendly Italian pub in the high price range located in the city center.
The Olive Grove is a family-friendly pub in the city centre.  Prices are usually less than £20.
High priced riverside restaurant The Phoenix provides French food 3 out of 5
The Rice Boat is a moderately priced restaurant that serves French cuisine. They are located near Express by Holiday Inn and are rated 1 out of 5. This restaurant is non-family-friendly.
Aromi is an Italian restaurant in the Riverside area.
The Waterman is a Japanese pub in the city centre with average customer rating.
Fitzbillies coffee shop is not child friendly.  It is in the city centre and serves expensive French food.  Customers rate it 5 out of 5.
Serving Chinese in riverside near Café Rouge is a pub called Green Man.
Bibimbap House is a fast food restaurant with a low price point located next to Clare Hall.
Located in riverside, there is a children friendly fast food pub named Giraffe.
The Waterman eat Indian food with high prices, his value is 1 out of 5 for the place in the city center for not be good for children
The Olive Grove at riverside is a pub that is child friendly and costs more than £30
Browns Cambridge on the riverside is child friendly and has English food. It is near The Sorrento.
Cocum coffee serves Indian food in a family friendly environment They have a great customer rating and are cheap
The Indian food place called Browns Cambridge that kid friendly near riverside near The Sorrento.
Fitzbillies near the Express by Holiday Inn is children friendly and costs more than 30 pounds. It isn't a very good restaurant.
the Alimentum Indian restaurant located on the riverside is offering a family friendly atmosphere and cheap food.
Near to The Rice Boat and the river is Loch Fyne.  Customers rate its French food 5 out of 5.
Indian food and coffee shop in Riverside, The Golden Palace. Price range is more than £30, with a high customer rating.
Strada is a cheap 5 star restaurant that is family friendly.
The Olive Grove is a pub type restaurant located in the city centre. They are not family-friendly with Fast food and price range less than 20.
Bibimbap House is a Japanese restaurant that is less than 20 pounds near the Clare Hall area of riverside.
The Golden Curry is children friendly and serves Indian food. It is located in riverside near Café Rouge and has an average customer rating.
The Olive Grove pub is children friendly and serves high price range Chinese food in the riverside area.
The Waterman is a Chinese restaurant with average customer rating located in the riverside area which has high price range and it's children friendly.
The Cricketers is a kid friendly pub near the Ranch and holds a rating of 3 out of 5.
Fitzbillies is a high end restaurant located near Express by Holiday Inn. Fitzbillies is rated 1 out of 5 by customers and is child friendly.
The Rice Boat is a cheap Chinese restaurant with a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It's family friendly and in riverside near Express by Holiday Inn.
The Olive Grove is a pub providing Chinese food with a high price range. It is not a children friendly restaurant, but is located on the riverside.
In the city centre, next to Burger King, it a coffee shop serving Italian food, called The Eagle. It is kid friendly, moderate priced, and has an average rating of 3 out of 5
The Rice Boat fast food restaurant's ratings are high with price ranging 20-25. They are kid friendly. The Rice Boat is on the riverside near Express by Holiday Inn.
There is a Japanese restaurant called the Loch Fyne. It's children-friendly and is more than £30 to eat there.
Midsummer House is a French restaurant near Café Rouge with a low customer rating.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Japanese in the less than 20 pound price range. It is located riverside people rating average family friendly yes
The Rice Boat provides Chinese food in the cheap price range. It is located in the riverside. It is near Express by Holiday Inn. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
theres a moderately priced English restaurant in the riverside area near Clare Hall called Bibimbap House
Zizzi is a French pub that is not family-friendly. It is highly rated.
Aromi is a family-friendly pub in the city centre that gets average ratings.
Near the riverside area of Browns Cambridge is a kid friendly Japanese restaurant, The Sorrento
The Olive Grove is a pub that provides Indian food in the moderate price range. It is located in the city centre.
The Mill is an Indian Pub near city centre.
There is an Italian restaurant in city centre called The Phoenix. Their prices are middle of the road and their food is highly rated.
The Eagle is a coffee shop. This coffee shop is family friend and prices range less then 20 dollars. They offer different types of French food. The Eagle is located in Riverside near the Burger King. Our customer rating is low.
There is an expensive pub called the Wildwood that serves Japanese food.  It has a moderate customer rating.
The Eagle in riverside has an average customer rating and cheap prices.
The Golden Palace is ahead it offers Chinese cuisine as well as nice hot coffee to drink.
A family friendly, fast food, pub close to The Portland Arms is, The Dumpling Tree.
The Rice Boat is a family friendly restaurant located near Express by Holiday Inn. It has three stars and is low-priced.
Kids friendly, The Twenty Two now serves French food.
Browns Cambridge provides Indian food in the moderate price range. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
Come check out Alimentum restaurant serving upscale cuisine mid-price with good reviews located next to Yippee Noodle Bar.
Aromi ; this fast food  and coffee shop offers child friendly service in their riverside premises, they have average customer reviews
The Waterman has an average customer rating. It is a Fast food restaurant located in the city centre. It is child friendly.
The Plough, located  nearby Express by Holiday Inn, is a family friendly restaurant.
Midsummer House serves Japanese food. It is low rated and near to Café Rouge.
If your craving for English foods you might want to try The Vaults it has a children friendly atmosphere great with families a little bit pricey with more than £30
The Japanese restaurant, The Rice Boat, in the city centre has only received a 3 out of 5 rating. Located near the Express by Holiday Inn, it is not child-friendly and very high-priced.
The Phoenix provides Chinese food It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
Strada  has a price range of more than £30. It is kid friendly with a rating of 5 out of 5.
Kick back and enjoy the river  view add you visit with friends and enjoy English food in The Phoenix ,
Browns Cambridge is a store that provides a reasonable price assorted wine drinks and snacks.
English food at The Punter is less than £20.
Fitzbillies, near The Six Bells does English food and prices are typically between £20-25.
A fair meal can be purchased from The Eagle, which is off the main road.
Browns Cambridge offers a family-friendly menu.  It is located in close proximity to The Sorrento in riverside.
Expensive sushi is served at Blue Spice, located on the riverside.
The Waterman pub near the riverside serves Indian food, but has a low customer rating of one out of five.
There is a French coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel. Browns Cambridge has a 5 out of 5 customer rating and is children friendly.
On the riverside The Twenty Two is child friendly, high prices and a 1 out of 5 rating. Find it near The Rice Boat.
There is a cheap pub near the Café Brazil called The Cambridge Blue and it serves English food.
Clowns is an expensive child friendly shop, near Café Sicilia
The Vaults near Café Brazil in riverside is a highly rated coffee shop with prices more than £30.
The Golden Palace is a fair-priced coffee shop located on the outskirts of the city.
By the riverside, there is a high priced Fast food place called The Golden Palace with a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is like a coffee shop.
Near The Portland Arms is the coffee shop Cotto. It is cheap and has a one star rating.
Cotto is a family friendly fast food restaurant with a low customer satisfaction rating. Located near the Ranch.
The Aromi coffee shop located down the riverside it is considered to be a family friendly place that always receives a maximal customer rating.
Cheap English food is offered at The Phoenix with average ratings near the riverside area.
Travellers Rest Beefeater is a river side restaurant near Café Adriatic with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and a price range of 20-25
The Golden Curry is a restaurant that is a family Friendly place and the food is Italian. they sadly have a low customer rating
Located near Café Rouge is Midsummer House. It serves Indian food with a high customer rating.
There is a kids friendly restaurant that provides Chinese food called Loch Fyne.
For an average cost and dining experience, The Wrestlers is an average rated Japanese dining experience.
The Portland Arms is a nice coffee shop situated near to Cotto in the city centre that serves Japanese food is the price range of £20-£25 that has generated a high customer rating.
There is an English food place riverside, called The Rice Boat.
At the riverside area, a few steps of The Sorrento, there is a coffee shop called The Mill. You can eat Italian food but at high prices.
Blue Spice is near the riverside and has prices under  £20.
The Cambridge Blue is a Fast food restaurant with a 1 out of 5 rating
The Green Man is a cheap fast food venue near All Bar One in the city centre, but is not child friendly
Aromi is an average Japanese coffee shop near the city center and yes, we welcome children.
with its prices of more than £30 serving Italian cuisine with a high score The Alimentum is close to Yippee Noodle Bar located near the city centre.
The Alimentum is a lower priced place to eat near the city centre. It is not far from the Yippee Noodle Bar.
The Punter provides French cuisine with a moderate price range.
The Rice Boat is a family friendly Chinese restaurant with low quality reviews. It is located downtown.
There is a high price restaurant Strada near Rainbow Vegetarian Café. They have high customer ratings and they serve Japanese food. The restaurant is not children friendly.
The Rice Boat is a riverside Fast food restaurant with an average customer rating. It is not family-friendly.
if you have more than £30 to spend for a Italian food, then go to the riverside area and find Blue Spice.
Cotto is a cheap, low-rated French coffee shop near The Portland Arms, in the city center.
The Bakers restaurant name is The Plough with high price range
The Giraffe is a kid friendly Italian pub in the riverside area.
The Rice Boat is a Indian food restaurant,  it's kids friendly but has low customer rating located in riverside.
The Golden Curry is kids friendly French restaurant near The Bakers with price range 20 to 25 pounds. £ 20-25 is price range in The Golden Curry, children friendly restaurant.
The Plough is an Italian pub near Café Rouge.  It is children friendly and high priced.
The Vaults coffee shop is located near Café Brazil and is priced mid-range.
Blue Spice is family friendly and located near the river, but it's expensive and gets low customer ratings.
There is a Chinese restaurant with a low customer rating called The Wrestlers. The price range is low, under £20, and it is family friendly.
The French place in riverside is called The Rice Boat. They are family friendly, and also received an average customer rating.
Located near Burger King in the city centre, The Eagle is a Japanese coffee shop with a low rating, moderate prices, and lacking a child friendly atmosphere.
No kids, The Waterman, moderately priced.
The Olive Grove is a pub that is kid friendly and sells Japanese food.  The price is moderate and it is located in the city centre.
Strada is a restaurant providing kid friendly Italian food in the moderate price range.  it has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.  It can be fond near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
Browns Cambridge, located in the riverside near of The Sorrento, providing a service of Fast food
The Phoenix, serving Chinese food,  provides an average experience at a moderate price point in the city centre.
The Waterman provides Chinese food in the less than £20 price range. It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is low.
Fitzbillies is family friendly and is near the Express by Holiday Inn. It is moderately priced and has been given a low customer rating.
Loch Fyne is a French restaurant located in the riverside area near The Rice Boat. It has a low customer rating.
Strada is a 5 out of 5 star family friendly restaurant. Falling into the highly priced category it is located near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
The kids friendly coffee shop The Wrestlers offers Italian food at prices between £20-25. It is located near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area.
The Alimentum Locates near Yippee Noodle Bar with a rating of five out of five stars near the river
Low Japanese food The Waterman eat pub riverside.
Moderately priced coffee shop The Punter is a kids-friendly Italian restaurant near Café Sicilia.  It has a customer rating of only 1 out of 5.
The Golden Curry, a kid friendly Italian restaurant, has a customer rating from 3 to 5.
In city centre there is a Fast food place called The Phoenix. The ratings are high and they sell food ranging from £20-25.
The Cricketers is a French restaurant located near All Bar One.
The Cambridge Blue is located near the Café Brazil and is low cost.
Clowns, the neighborhood coffee shop near Clare Hall is a very highly rated Fast food establishment in the city center.
The Waterman is a Japanese restaurant that is rated 1 out of 5 near the city center, is moderately priced and is kid friendly.
The Wrestlers is a restaurant providing Japaneses food in the cheap price range.
There is a children friendly coffee shop The Eagle near Burger King high price range.
A coffee shop, The Golden Palace, serves Italian food. Price range is less than L20 and it is located in the city centre. Customer rating in low.
Loch Fyne restaurant offers food, drinks at deserts at affordable prices.
The Waterman pub in Riverside  serves Japanese food, has a star rating of 1 out of 5.
The Cambridge Blue is a Japanese pub that has a price range of more than  £30 and is located near Café Brazil.
The Golden Curry serves Indian food. They are children friendly, but only have a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The English restaurant Loch Fyne is children friendly
The Punter is a family friendly coffee shop near Café Sicilia offering Italian food priced high with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Waterman is a Sushi restaurant that caters to families and is medium cost.
Browns Cambridge not only has a less than average price range, but also, a low customer rating.
Over near Crowne Plaza Hotel, I would recommend The Waterman, a great children friendly fast food restaurant.
The Mill is a French pub with a price range less than £20 in Riverside.
With moderate prices, The Golden Curry, located near The Bakers, is a kids friendly fast food place.
Top rated Italian restaurant, The Golden Curry, is family-friendly and located near Café Rouge at City Centre.
City centre pub, The Waterman offers Chinese Food with an average customer rating.
There is a children friendly fast food restaurant by the riverside with a high customer rating. It is the Alimentum.
The Olive Grove cheap English food in family at the riverside
There is a cheap coffee shop Fitzbillies which offers French food located on the river side. It is family friendly and has a 5 out of 5 customer rating
The Olive Grove is an expensive child friendly pub serving French food in the riverside area.
Browns Cambridge is on the riverside near The Sorrento. It has English food and is child friendly.
Fitzbillies is a fast food place to eat near The Six Bells.
Bibimbap House is near The Rice Boat in the city centre providing French food.
Fitzbillies is a no family-friendly coffee shop that provides Fast food in the cheap price range. It is located in the city centre with low customer rating.
Clowns is a riverside pub in the high price range with a 1 out of 5 customer rating.
There is a coffee shop that also serves Italian food in the riverside area. Its name is Aromi. It has a high customer rating. Yes it is also a kid friendly place.
The Vaults is an expensive, five-star pub located near Café Adriatic.
The Portland Arms has a French coffee shop nearby that is kids friendly and has a good rating. It is called The Cricketers.
The Wildwood pub serves Chinese food for a cheap price and has an average customer rating.
If you want a restaurant rated 5 out of 5 pick Wildwood. It is located near Café Rouge.
Cocum is an Indian restaurant that is expensive and has a rating of 1 out of 5. It is not children friendly.
The Mill sells fine foods along with it's pub fair at high prices along the southern coast of the River.
There is a coffee shop serving French food located riverside near The Sorrento. It is called The Mill, and costs less than £20.
Cotto is a Fast food coffee shop near The Portland Arms in the riverside area. it has a high price range and an average customer rating.
Bibimbap House is an inexpensive English restaurant in  the riverside area, near Clare Hall.
Located Near The Portland Arms you will find a pub called The Dumpling Tree. They serve fast-food and are child friendly.
In the riverside area, near All Bar One,  is the cheap Japanese restaurant, Green Man.
Midsummer House, close to All Bar One, is rated three stars and medium priced.
Blue Spice is a cheap coffee shop in riverside near Avalon. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Cotto is a Japanese coffee shop with a high customer rating near The Portland Arms.
Make sure and stop by our Italian inspired coffee shop at The Mill. We offer quality with a high price range in the riverside area, near The Sorrento.
The Eagle is located in the city centre area serving moderately priced food with a 1 out of 5 customer rating
Cotto is a French serving coffee shop that has a 3 out of 5 customer rating and a high price range.  it is near The Portland Arms in the city centre.
The Olive Grove is non family-friendly pub located in the city centre, with a price range under £20.
Browns Cambridge, located in the centre of the city near Crowne Plaza Hotel,  is an adult-only coffee shop serving French food. It has received a low customer rating.
There is a  high- priced restaurant The Phoenix  in the city centre that provides English food. It has an average customer rating.
Giraffe is a children friendly pub serving English food. It is located in the riverside area.
The Cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop that provides Italian food near The Portland Arms and its customer rating is low.
The non-kid friendly coffee shop named The Giraffe is moderately priced and is near The Bakers.  It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Golden Curry is a fast food store that sells Japanese food. They are no a kid friendly store near The Bakers and have a moderate price range.
The Rice Boat brings you a service of French food with a price of £20 or lees, in the riverside very close of Express by Holiday Inn
Alimentum serves fast food at a price range of  £20-25. Alimentum has a high customer rating and is located near Yippee Noodle Bar in a riverside area.
The Waterman is a French pub in the city centre with low customer satisfaction.
The Olive Grove pub has facilities for families and is a moderately priced restaurant with a river view.
The Cricketers is a dine in restaurant located in the middle of the city beside The Portland Arms
The Eagle only scores 3 out of 5 for their fast food.
Cocum is a child friendly restaurant with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Blue Spice is a low-priced restaurant by the margin of the river that provides pasta and wine.
Fast food can be bought from Browns Cambridge for £20 or less. This venue scores low in customer ratings.
Browns Cambridge has a rating of 3 out of 5 with a price range of £20-25
The customer rating is low, but The Golden Curry is a family-friendly Japanese restaurant in the city centre near Café Rouge.
Green Man pub serves Chinese in riverside near Café Rouge.
The Cambridge Blue is a low rated English food restaurant.
The Waterman is a restaurant north of the Crowne Plaza Hotel that is also non-family friendly.
Located near Café Rouge Midsummer House is a fast food restaurant with a high customer rating.
Browns Cambridge offers French food for a price range of less than £20. It has an average customer rating.
Theres a French Pub in Riverside named The Olive Grove, child-friendly and the price range is More then £30.
Strada It offers fast food at low prices, and is located in the city center there Rainbow Vegetarian Café
The coffee shop called Aromi has become not kid friendly recently. They sell Italian food and has earned a low rating for their shop. They can be found in city centre
In riverside there is a children friendly coffee shop named Blue Spice. It has an average customer rating and a high price range. It is near Avalon.
There is a restaurant, Bibimbap House, in the city centre near The Rice Boat that serves Indian food.
The Golden Curry is a fast food restaurant suitable for adults and with an average rating.
Giraffe on the riverside is a Family friendly pub
The Wrestlers is a cheap, non family-friendly Italian Café with a average customer rating.
The upscale Wildwood pub serves pasta. It is a high-priced, one star pub.
Alimentum serves high priced Italian food. It is situated in Riverside and is child friendly.
The Wrestlers is a moderately priced coffee shop in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is not family-friendly but they serve fast food.
The Mill is a pub serving English food in the upper price range in a riverside location.
Giraffe  is high-priced  coffee shop with  average- rated  near by The Bakers. also its children Friendly.
The Rice Boat is a Chinese restaurant in the riverside area, near Express by Holiday Inn. It has an average rating from customers and is moderately priced. It is not child friendly.
Browns Cambridge is a a Fast food place in the riverside area. It is family friendly, and it is located near The Sorrento.
Yippee Noodle Bar called Alimentum in the city centre sells moderately priced fast food and has a rating of 3 out of 5.
There is a high-priced restaurant called The Twenty Two located at the city centre near The Rice Boat. Although it is not considered children friendly it has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Phoenix provides Indian food. It has a cheap price range. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is in the riverside area.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop located near the river that offers a wide variety of wines and food.
There is a family friendly coffee shop called The Cricketers. It offers fast food. It has a low customer rating and it is located near to The Portland Arms.
Travellers Rest Beefeaters is a cheap restaurant in riverside near Café Adriatic with average customer ratings.
Along the riverside near All Bar One is an eatery with a higher price range called Cotto.
In riverside there is a restaurant The Twenty Two that has kid friendly food.
Alimentum is located in the city centre. It is not kid friendly, and it is moderately priced.
The Plough is a low cost Chinese family pub, located near Café Rouge.
The Rice Boat is a low-cost, one-star restaurant that is not family-friendly. The Rice Boat is located near Express by Holiday Inn.
The Rice Boat is a Chinese restaurant in the city center which is near Express by Holiday Inn and it has a high customer rating with price ranged more than £30. It is also children friendly.
The Phoenix serves Japanese and is located in the city center. They have an average rating.
Alimentum is a restaurant providing Chinese food in the low price range. It is located in near Yippee Noodle Bar.
There is a pub called Wildwood, that serves Indian food, with price Range less than £20 and low customer Rating.
The Rice Boat provides Indian food in the high price range. It is located in the riverside. It is near Express by Holiday Inn. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Rice Boat provides Indian food in the moderate price range. It is located in the city centre. It is near Express by Holiday Inn. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
Near The Rice Boat in city centre is a Chinese food, low rated place called Loch Fyne.
The Golden Curry is a low cost children friendly restaurant that serves Japanese food.
The Mill is a Fast food pub in the riverside area with a cheap price range.
Browns Cambridge providing Fast food for more than £30, rated low.
The Waterman, a pub located in the City Centre offers Chinese food with an Average Customer rating
Strada is a pub that serves Italian food and has a 1 out of 5 customer rating. It is located near Yippee Noodle Bar.
Strada, which is an Italian food pub, is  found near Yippee Noodle Bar. It has a high customer rating.
The Waterman is a non kids-friendly, English restaurant in the riverside area. It is rated 1 out of 5 by customers and the price range is moderate.
The Waterman sells Japanese food. It is a pub located in the city centre with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Chinese restaurant, The Blue Spice is cheap and on the riverside.
The Dumpling Tree Chinese restaurant price range is less than 20.
Aromi is a kid friendly, riverside pub that customers have scored 3 out of 5.
The Waterman is an expensive Chinese restaurant in the city centre with a rating of 1 out of 5. The Waterman is not child friendly.
Pub eatery The Waterman; located in city centre serving English food. customer rating: average.
The Wrestlers is a moderate price range Italian food Café is located in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine.
On the riverside near Burger King is The Eagle. A coffee shop that serves fast food within a moderate price range. It is kid friendly and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Twenty Two a family friendly Italian restaurant.
An inexpensive and family friendly Japanese restaurant is Loch Fyne.
The Waterman offers a higher-priced menu of English food in a child-friendly riverside setting. It was rated average by customers.
Drop by The Mill for some authentic, affordable Italian cuisine, in a laid back coffee shop atmosphere. Located on the riverside with beautiful views, near The Sorrento, get a meal for only 20-25 dollars.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop offering Japanese food in the city centre.  The price range is moderate and customer rating is 1 out of 5
Sat on the riverside near Café Rouge, The Golden Curry with a customer rating of 5 out of 5, serves French cuisine. Please note, not considered family-friendly.
The Cricketers is a one star coffee shop located near The Portland Arms.
The Rice Boat serves Japanese food along the riverside
The Olive Grove is a pub located in city centre.
The Phoenix is an English restaurant offering high price range food. It is in the area of Riverside and is rated 1 out of 5.
The Waterman  is a low rated, expensive Italian restaurant that is kid friendly near the riverside.
For cheap Japanese food in the town centre, The Eagle is a coffee shop close to Burger King but not family friendly.  It is cheap and has 1 out of 5 stars.
Near Avalon, in the riverside area, there is a coffee shop named Blue Spice, that gets high customer ratings, has an average cost of 20-25 pounds and is geared towards adults.
The Eagle coffee shop is located near Burger King in city centre and has a moderate price range.
restaurant called Taste of Cambridge has a low customer rating and moderate prices.
There is an average English restaurant The Phoenix in the middle of the city.
Clowns is a pub with an average customer rating on the riverside, however the price range is high.
The Punter is an Indian restaurant that has a high price range.
Alimentum is a French restaurant near Yippee Noodle Bar in the city centre with a moderate price range and customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Olive Grove is a pub at riverside serving Chinese food and is moderately priced. It is also kid friendly.
There is a cheap French food restaurant in the city centre, near Express by Holiday Inn. Its name is The Rice Boat. It is family-friendly and its rating is average.
There's a coffee shop named The Wrestlers by Raja Indian Cuisine. It's a dine in at a high price.
The Plough is an Indian pub with a price range of £20-25. It is kids friendly and near Café Rouge.
In riverside, near Café Rouge, there is a children friendly fast food restaurant called The Golden Curry with a rating of 1 out of 5.
A coffee shop serving Italian food that is child friendly is The Eagle.  Located near Burger King in the city centre , customers have rated it 1 out of 5 and the price range is high.
Fitzbillies is a high price range fast food place near The Six Bells.
The Cricketers is a fast food coffee shop with a low customer rating. It is not family-friendly and is located near The Portland Arms.
There is a coffee shop located in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine. The Wrestlers has a moderate price range and is kid friendly.
Aromi is an Italian coffee shop located near the riverside with an average rating and is kid friendly.
The Waterman, located in the riverside area, serves Italian food at a moderate price.  Customer's rate the restaurant with 3 out of 5 stars.  This is not a kid-friendly location.
There is a Italian restaurant Alimentum with high prices located in city centre near Yippee Noodle Bar.
With a customer rating of 3 out of 5, Blue Spice is a kid friendly, riverside restaurant with a price range of 20-25.
The Waterman serves English food in the higher price range and is located in the riverside area, it has been given an average customer rating.
There is a high price range restaurant Blue Spice that is family friendly and has a 1 out of 5 customer rating. It is by the riverside.
The Punter is an average priced restaurant that serves wine and cheese.
The Waterman is a pub providing Chinese food It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
There is a three star location near the river that serves British food.  It is called The Rice Boat.
Loch Fyne is an authentic Japanese restaurant that is very kid friendly.
Cocum is a coffee shop providing Indian food in a high price range. The customer rating is average and it is not children friendly.
The Olive Grove, located in the riverside area, is a restaurant welcome to children.
Giraffe restaurant near The Six Bells costs less than £20.
The Golden Palace is a eating place. The price range is less than 20. its available near Rainbow Vegetarian Café,riverside.
Strada is not family-friendly with a low rating. Their price range is less than £20.
The Fitzbillies, which is near The Six Bells, offers fast food for less than £20
There is pub  providing Japanese food near the riverside that is family friendly and costs less than 20 pounds named The Olive Grove.
Browns Cambridge is family friendly and serves Indian food in the riverside area,  near The Sorrento.
Strada is a Children friendly venue, with a high price range and average customer rating.
Green Man is in the city centre.  It is family-friendly and prices are less than £20.
The Cricketers is a child friendly 1 star pub. It is located near the Ranch.
The Rice Boat is an average rated Italian restaurant in the riverside area. It is not family-friendly.
The Phoenix is an expensive place to eat fast food, but is not rated well by customers. It is situated by the riverside.
Near The Bakers there is a moderately priced, kid friendly fast food restaurant The Golden Curry.
The Dumpling Tree is a high end restaurant serving gourmet food.
Fitzbillies is located on riverside and they serve French food and there price rating is £20-25.
A Chinese restaurant with a 1 out of 5 customer rating is located on a riverside near Express by Holiday Inn. It is named The Rice Boat and is not children friendly.
Green Man sells Chinese food for less than 20 in the city centre that is family friendly, it is located near All Bar One.
With a 1 out of 5 customer rating, The Golden Curry fast food is kid friendly.
The Phoenix is a low-priced, poorly reviewed Italian restaurant on the river.
There is a low rated fast food restaurant in City centre.  It is not family friendly, but it is called The Golden Curry and it is near Café Rouge.
The Eagle coffee shop has an average customer rating and serves Japanese food near the Burger King and the city center.  It is less than 20 pounds and family-friendly.
The Phoenix provides Indian food It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is high.
In the riverside area near The Rice Boat is a place called Loch Fyne.  It serves Italian food and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge serves highly rated French food, with prices ranging from £20 to £25.
The Dumpling Tree is a moderately priced restaurant serving Indian food.
The Rice Boat is an English restaurant with cheap food and a 5 out of 5 rating. It is located in the city centre near Express by Holiday Inn. It is not family-friendly.
Strada is an average French restaurant near Rainbow Vegetarian Café. It is not family-friendly and costs less than 20 pounds.
Somewhere with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 is Loch Fyne.  They do French food, and are near The Rice Boat on the riverside.
The Wrestlers is a family Friendly French restaurant with an average rating which will cost less than £20
Fitzbillies, located in the city centre is an Italian coffee shop. They are not child friendly and their price range is high. Their customer rating is 1 out of 5.
A children friendly venue that serves English food and gets a high customer rating is The Golden Curry.
The Eagle, located north of the city center. near Burger King, is a moderately priced coffee shop.
Cotto is a French food place near Café Rouge
The Plough is a children friendly high priced Italian pub near Café Rouge.
High priced Italian food, The Rice Boat has a high price tag and is not child friendly. It is located in the center of the city, near the Express by Holiday Inn, with a customer rating 1 out of 5.
Alimentum located in the city centre near Yippee Noodle Bar provides French food with a price range of more than  £30. It low customer rating.
There is a coffee shop near Burger King in the riverside. Its name is The Eagle. It provides Japanese food. The price range and its rating is average but it isn't family-friendly.
The Waterman has a customer rating of 1 out 5. It is a pub that serves French food in riverside.
Located in the Riverside area near Crown Plaza Hotel is Browns Cambridge, a kids friendly Japanese coffee shop. It is rated 1 out of 5 stars.
One star rated Midsummer House located at Café Rouge offers whole meal deals to love.
Fitzbillies is a restaurant that serves low-cost, British style food and alcohol.  It is located near The Six Bells.
Loch Fyne is located on the riverside, near The Rice Boat. The food is Japanese and customers rate it 3 out of 5.
With a price range less than £20, The Olive Grove is a family friendly pub located in the riverside area that serves French food.
The Dumpling Tree Japanese restaurant serves low-priced food.
Clowns is a high priced child friendly establishment near Café Sicilian.
Green Man is a children friendly Japanese restaurant that is located near All Bar One in the city centre.  Its prices range more than L30.
The Waterman is a family friendly English restaurant near the Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Near The Rice Boat by the riverside is The Twenty Two. It's kids friendly, has a high customer rating and a price range of £20-£25.
Blue Spice is a high priced, kid friendly coffee shop in the Riverside area near Avalon. Customers rate it 3 out of 5.
The moderately priced Japanese coffee shop, Wildwood is located near Ranch and has a very low customer rating
The Rice Boat has a customer rating 5 out of 5. Serves Japanese food. They are not family-friendly. There price range is cheap. They are located in the area of riverside near Express by Holiday Inn.
Receiving a 5 out of 5 customer rating, The Rice Boat offers a family friendly Italian menu.  It is in the riverside area.
If you don't mind leaving the kids at home, The Eagle is an expensive Japanese coffee shop is one food option. Located near Burger King in riverside, The Eagle has a 5 out of 5 rating.
There is a restaurant The Rice Boat located in the city centre that provides English foods in price range of £20-25. It is located near the Express by Holiday Inn and having high customer rating but not kids friendly.
The Rice Boat is an average restaurant near Rainbow Vegetarian Café that offers meals for less than £20.
Come eat French food near Ranch Cotto. It is children friendly with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Golden Curry provides Chinese food in the less than £20 price range. It is near The Bakers.
Clowns is a kid friendly establishment near Café Sicilia.  Clowns is a high price establishment.
The Twenty Two is a kid-friendly, English restaurant.
Near The Portland Arms in riverside is a kid friendly restaurant called The Punter, with a moderate price range.
cheap, family friendly Japanese restaurant called The Vaults
Alimentum serves Japanese food at a price range of less than £20. It is located by the riverside near the Yippee Noodle Bar and has an average customer rating.
Browns Cambridge is good for Japanese food and also children friendly near The Sorrento.
The Cambridge Blue is a high priced pub that serves English food and is near Café Brazil
A moderately priced coffee shop located near Ranch is Wildwood.
The Waterman has riverside views, and serves Italian food. Low rated but cheap for an adult night out.
In the Riverside area near Café Sicilia you can visit The Dumpling Tree coffee shop for less than 20 and a family friendly environment.
There is a Japanese, children friendly pub on the riverside. It is called the Giraffe.
Fitzbillies, a coffee shop is located on the river in City centre and is family friendly, three star rated, and decently priced.
Fitzbillies coffee shop has moderately priced Italian food that is kid friendly located near the center of the city and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Children are allowed to eat at Giraffe, which is a pub that serves Japanese food on the riverside.
Loch Fyne offers English food in the vicinity of The Rice Boat. Consumer ratings high
There is a place called The Wrestlers that has fast food and a moderate price and is kid friendly with a high customer rating.
The Eagle, the low-price coffee shop located along the river, is City Centre's three star shop near Burger King.
Alimentum is a Fast food restaurant located in the city centre. It has a moderate price-range. Kids say yes to Alimentum.
Loch Fyne is an English restaurant in Riverside that is near The Rice Boat and has a 1 out of 5 customer rating
Located in the City center, The Cambridge Blue restaurant is your average fast food place.
Fitzbillies coffee shop, serving Indian cuisine, prices from £30, riverside area, child friendly, excellent customer satisfaction
The Eagle is a coffee shop in riverside near Burger King.  It's rated 5 out of 5 for it's cheap prices.  Also has Japanese food and no to family-friendly.
Blue Spice coffee shop., serves low priced fare. Children welcome. Near Avalon.
A kids friendly restaurant known as The Cocum has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Rice Boat is a child friendly Japanese restaurant with a high price range that is located in the city near Express by Holiday Inn
Japanese food at The Wrestlers coffee shop features a price range of more than £30. Located in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine. We are not children friendly.
Browns Cambridge offers cheap products and has received a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Rice Boat is a Chinese restaurant located near the Express by Holiday Inn in city centre. It is moderately priced, kid friendly and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Waterman pub at the riverside has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 and serves Italian food
The Golden Curry, located near Café Rouge, is a river-side family restaurant.
Near All Bar One, you will find an average rated, higher priced  fast food restaurant named Midsummer House.
Browns Cambridge offer Italian food in the city centre near The Sorrento. The place is family-friendly.
Clowns is located near Clare Hall on the riverside. It's a poorly rated coffee shop that sells Japanese food.
For less than  £20, you can get Chinese food at the restaurant The Dumpling Tree.
The Eagle is a low price coffee shop near Burger King that serving Japanese food with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 but not family-friendly
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that serves Indian food with a high price range. It is situated in the riverside and children friendly. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
There's a fast food joint near All Bar One in riverside. The price is moderate and it's kids friendly, it's name is The Green Man.
The children friendly The Wrestlers serves Fast food. The food costs more than £30 and received a high customer review.
The Waterman serves fast food, is family friendly.  It prices are low and it has a low star rating.  It is based in the riverside area.
Midsummer House is a restaurant, situated by All Bar One, providing Indian food at a moderate price, with a customer service rating 3 out of 5.
The Rice Boat is an English food restaurant. It can be found near the Express by Holiday Inn.
There is a family friendly pub named Zizzi serving English food.  The customer rating is poor.
Located in the riverside area, Aromi is a fast food coffee shop that is child friendly with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Strada serves cheap Japanese food in the city centre and can be found near Rainbow Vegetarian Café. It has a low customer rating and families are welcome to eat there.
The Plough French pub near Café Rouge will cost more than 30 but it's not kid friendly.
This coffee shop named The Cricketers serves Indian food and is located by The Portland Arms. This venue is considered child friendly and has a high customer rating.
Near Café Rouge, The Plough pub serves Japanese food for around £20 and is family-friendly
The Cricketers is a children Friendly pub, with 3 out of 5 customer rating it's near Ranch.
In the riverside near to Clare Hall is located a Fast Food restaurant with a high price range called Bibimbap House.
The Waterman is a family-friendly establishment where you can buy spaghetti.  Maybe you can even enjoy it with a nice glass of wine next to the river. With reasonable ratings and moderate prices, it's an ideal place to feed your children.
For best French food just visit Loch Fyne very near to The Rice Boat. area riverside
The Wrestlers offers a family-friendly, oriental dining experience in the moderate to high price range. This 5-star rated sushi bar provides excellent service.
For Fast food The Eagle coffee shop located  in the city centre, near Burger King  and has food under £20 price range.  It has a low customer rating and is family-friendly
There is a fast food restaurant called Midsummer House. It is a moderately priced establishment, that is located next to All Bar One.
The Rice Boat is a family friendly Japanese restaurant with a price range of less than £20, it i near Express by Holiday Inn in the Riverside area and has a low customer rating.
A family restaurant named The Plough is located near The Bakers with a price range of £20-£25.
In the riverside area near Avalon, there is a high priced coffee shop called Blue Spice. The establishment has a middle rating and is not child friendly.
The Waterman offers pub style convenient food in Riverside.
The Waterman is not a child friendly Chinese restaurant.  It is high priced and in the Riverside area.
On the riverside close to the Crowne Plaza Hotel, you'll find the coffee shop Browns Cambridge, family friendly and rated 5 out of 5 by customers,
Zizzi is a cheap restaurant in the riverside area
There is a pub near Café Rouge called The Plough. It serves cheap Chinese food  and is family friendly.
There is a non children friendly high-priced Indian restaurant called Loch Fyne.
Cocum coffee Shop offers French food at a moderate price range.  They have a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and not kid friendly.
There is an Italian Pub The Mill located in Riverside with a price range less than £20
The Waterman is a high priced fast food restaurant in the city centre. It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5, and is not children friendly.
The Blue Spice is a adult only high end restaurant near the riverside offering customers a great place to eat
Although it has a customer rating of only 1 out of 5, The Waterman pub is located in the riverside area and offers Italian food.
Alimentum is a family-friendly English restaurant with a price range of less than £20. It is located in the city centre.
There is a non family friendly restaurant called Loch Fyne.
The Twenty Two is a high-priced restaurant very close of The Rice Boat
The Punter is an adult friendly Italian coffee Shop with a high price range is near Café Sicilia. This restaurant has an average customer rating.
By Express by Holiday Inn there is an English restaurant named The Rice Boat offering food at cheap prices rated at 5.
Alimentum in Chinese restaurant in riverside near the Yippee Noodle Bar.   The prices are high and customer ratings are average.
The Plough is a family restaurant  located near Café Rouge
The Vaults, a moderately priced coffee shop, is in the riverside area close to Café Brazil. It has a three out of five customer rating.
The Eagle offers an affordable five star dining experience for families. It is a French restaurant and coffee shop outside of the City Centre, near Burger King.
Giraffe is a restaurant which is cheap near The Six Bells.
Alimentum serves Chinese food and has an average price range. It allows children and is near the riverside.
Wildwood is a coffee shop that also sells Fast food that sells for a price range of  £20-25 and is located near Ranch. This has a customer rating of high.
Browns Cambridge has a high customer rating, they offer English food in the £20-25 price range.
A cheap Chinese restaurant located in the city center is Alimentum, with a rating of 5 out of 5 by the customers, located near by is  a Yippee Noodle Bar.
The Twenty Two provides Indian food It is located in the city centre.
The Waterman provides Chinese food in the more than £30 price range. It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is high.
Along the riverside, there is a low-priced, family friendly, five-star Italian restaurant called The Waterman.
With a high customer rating of 5 out of 5, Browns Cambridge is a Fast food serving coffee shop located in the city centre by Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is not family-friendly.
Offering English food by the riverside is Blue Spice, but be aware its price range is high.
Located in Riverside near All Bar One, Green Man is a family friendly fast food restaurant that averages less than £20 per visit.
English food restaurant The Cambridge Blue has a low customer rating.
A cheap family-friendly coffee shop called Zizzi in the city centre  has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Green Man is a family-friendly Italian Place in the city centre that is near All Bar One with a moderate pricing.
Cocum coffee shop serves fast food and may or may not fit your budget.
The Rice Boat is  child friendly fast food restaurant that costs more than £30 near Express by Holiday Inn on the riverside
The Golden Palace has average priced items and is highly rated.
Blue Spice, in the city centre, near Avalon, is a coffee shop with a price range within more than £30. It has a low customer rating and is no for children.
Fitzbillies is an inexpensive coffee shop located near the City centre.
The Plough is a French pub, which is not kid friendly.  The price range is moderate and is located near Café Rouge.
There is a coffee shop called Zizzi with a  moderate price range in the riverside area. It is family friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Golden Curry is a Japanese restaurant located in city centre near Café Rouge. Rated 1 out of 5 stars. Family Unfriendly.
The Golden Curry is a 5 star dining experience that is good for the whole family.
The Waterman offers a wide variety of great tasting food with its five star rating. Its a great get-a-way for the family.
The Bakers is a non kids friendly coffee shop near Giraffe. They have prices ranging from £20-25 and a high customer rating.
For a 1 star rated riverside restaurant that serves Japanese food then go visit The Phoenix
Located in the city centre go to The Phoenix, a family-friendly and well costed Italian restaurant that caters to your every need.
An highly rated Indian restaurant is located in the city centre, called The Waterman, adult only and more than 30.
Cotto is a coffee shop offering French food located in the city centre near The Portland Arms.  It is highly priced with customers rating it a 3.
Aromi is a three-star, family friendly coffee shop near the city centre.
There is a pub named the Clowns which is located on the riverside. This pun has a higher than 30 euro price range  and a low customer rating,
The Waterman is a Chinese restaurant in riverside is not child friendly , has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and is high priced.
In the city centre near Café Rouge is the Italian restaurant The Golden Curry. Their customer rating is 5 out of 5 and it is family-friendly.
The Mill is a highly rated, fast food pub in the city centre.
The pub named Giraffe has Chinese food. It is kid friendly and in Riverside.
The Cricketers is a family pub near the Ranch with a rating 1 out of 5
Italian Midsummer House   customer rating 3 out of 5 same Café Rouge
A pub which offers fast food is called Giraffe which can be found in the city centre. It is not family-friendly.
With an average customer rating, Midsummer House, located near All Bar One, serves Japanese food priced for less than £20.
The Rainbow Vegetarian Café called Strada had Italian food that was ranged 20-25. The kids were not friendly and rated it high
The Strada is an adults only restaurant specializing in Italian food.  This low-cost option is located next to the Rainbow Vegetarian Café.   This restaurant receives 1 out of 5 stars from customers.
There is a French coffee shop with a price range of 30, is not kid friendly, and has a low customer rating.  It is called The Punter and it is near Café Sicilia
For family friendly Indian food, try The Golden Curry. They are in the city center near Café Rouge, but they have a low satisfaction rating.
Low priced coffee shop selling fast food, located near Burger King in the city centre. The Eagle is not family-friendly and has a low customer rating.
There is a French restaurant in riverside called The Rice Boat that is child friendly with a low rating.
The Waterman is a 5 out of 5 rated pub that serves Chinese food and is located at the city centre.
The Eagle is a highly rated Japanese coffee shop located in the city centre near Burger King. It has a price range between  £20-25 and is child friendly.
French food can be found at a pub named Strada.  It is near Yippee Noodle Bar and customers rate it as average.
The restaurant called The Cricketers which is near All Bar One serves French food.
An expensive restaurant, The Phoenix, is located outside city centre  that serves cheese cracker with wine in .
Aromi is a Japanese coffee shop found in the riverside area.  It has an average customer rating and is a family friendly venue.
Alimentum offers English food in the high price range with an average customer rating  located near Yippee Noodle Bar in the city centre.
Customers love Alimentum Chinese food with a meal costing around £20-25 the restaurant is located in the city centre near Yippee Noodle Bar
An English restaurant named Loch Fyne, is kid friendly and has a price range of £20-25.
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop in the city centre area that serves Japanese food with a price range of £20-25; it is not kids friendly and has a high customer rating .
The Waterman is a children friendly French restaurant by the riverside. It serves expensive food. It has been given an average rating of 3 out of 5.
The Eagle in Riverside is cheap, and has a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
The Eagle is a Indian coffee shop that is not for the whole family. It has low prices, but high customer ratings. It is located in the city center near Burger King.
The Italian restaurant, Strada near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café is not child friendly, has an average rating and has a high price range.
An Indian pub called Wildwood has a high price range with a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Vaults serve Indian food. The rage is more than £30 and they are children friendly.
Chinese restaurant, Strada, is located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café. The children friendly restaurant tends to have a high price range, resulting in low customer ratings.
A family friendly, cheap place, located in the riverside area is Green Man.
For affordable Chinese food in a family-friendly environment, try Alimentum in the Riverside area.
Located in the city centre near The Six Bells, Fitzbillies is a low priced Japanese restaurant.
Giraffe is a high priced restaurant near The Six Bells
The Olive Grove is a pub that is not recommended for the whole family. With inexpensive prices, the pub can be found north of the city center. with a view of the river.
In the riverside area there is a moderately priced, non kids-friendly place called the Green Man.
Cocum is a French coffee shop.  The prices range more than £30, isn't children friendly but does have a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Strada, near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café serves French food within a high price range, with a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It's a no for children.
The Rice Boat is a kid-friendly French food place located near the Express by Holiday Inn in the city centre. Its prices range from 20 to 25 euros and it is highly rated.
Loch Fyne is a cheap family-friendly Chinese restaurant.
There is an Asian restaurant near The Bakers, called The Golden Curry that you may not want to bring the whole family to.
Come with your children to The Golden Curry to eat the best burger at an average price
The Cambridge Blue is a fast food restaurant with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Strada serves English food with moderate price, kids friendly and has customer rating 5 out of 5. It is located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
Clowns, a Japanese coffee shop is near Clare Hall in the city centre, and has average customer ratings.
The Eagle has average Italian food.
an Italian costing less than £20 is Fitzbillies near The Six Bells
There is a Chinese restaurant, called The Twenty Two, which is riverside and family friendly.
Cotto has an average customer rating and sells Italian food near The Portland Arms.
A kids friendly restaurant that is moderately priced is called Travellers Rest Beefeater.
Fitzbillies, in city centre, is a kid friendly coffee shop serving French food. It has average prices and a high customer rating.
The Mill is a coffee shop located by the riverside close to The Sorrento with a high price range and provide Italian.
Taste of Cambridge is a French coffee shop and kid friendly,  is located near Crowne Plaza Hotel, in the riverside area.
Located near Express by Holiday Inn in riverside is The Rice Boat. A low priced restaurant serving Indian food.
Zizzi serving Japanese Food at its pub in a child friendly manner and with a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
Blue Spice is a moderate priced Chinese food place located in the city centre.
The Golden Palace - the averaged priced meal, with a great restaurant experience.
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop serving Indian cuisine with a moderate price range. Kid friendly near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre area.
Clowns is a low rated pub with price range less than £20. It is located in the riverside .
Try Browns Cambridge for a low rating, costly meal of Sushi
The Cambridge Blue is a Fast food pub near the Café Brazil that ranges in price more than £30.
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop in the city centre. It is located near Crowne Plaza Hotel and serves Indian food. It has an average rating from customers.
There is a coffee shop called Fitzbillies that is child friendly and serves 3 star food at a mid-range price.
Strada is a high priced restaurant near Rainbow Vegetarian Café. It is kid friendly and has a 1 out of 5 customer rating.
Close to The Bakers, try The Wrestlers in Cambridge for sushi and other oriental-style food. It isn't recommended for families.
The Olive Grove is a high priced pub. Located near the River.
Cocum is a family friendly coffee shop that offers Indian food with a low customer rating and low price range.
In riverside area you can find the family friendly Zizzi coffee shop. Cheap prices and average customer rating.
Cotto is a family friendly Japanese restaurant with a low customer rating located near a Ranch.
Strada is a English pub located near Yippee Noodle Bar. 3 out of 5 stars
The Punter is a low-priced coffee shop that caters to families, and is located near Café Sicilia.
There is a French, average rated restaurant named Loch Fyne which is located at the riverside near The Rice Boat,
The Wrestlers is a family friendly place that serves Japanese food for less than 20 pounds but has a low customer rating.
Zizzi is a conveniently located pub with a creating dining experience and fine wine.
Fitzbillies is an good French coffee shop offering a low price range menu and is not family-friendly.
In the moderate price range, The Eagle is a popular destination in City Centre.
The Phoenix is located by the margin of the river and provides a variety of wines and cheese for a low cost.
Bring your children to The Vaults, a high priced Italian restaurant.
Cotto is a coffee shop located near The Portland Arms in the riverside area. It is a place for moderately priced fast food and was given a 3 out of 5 rating by customers.
Browns Cambridge offers a wide selection of fish dishes at a premium price. This is a three star restaurant.
With a customer rating of 3 out of 5, The Cricketers is a child friendly pub located near Ranch.
At Browns Cambridge the price range is moderate and the customer rating is 1 out of 5
The Rice Boat in riverside, located near Express by Holiday Inn, is a family friendly restaurant that serves French food.
The Rice Boat serves fast food in the city centre near the Express by Holiday Inn. It offers high prices, is not family-friendly and has average customer ratings.
A high price restaurant called Taste of Cambridge got a good customer rating
The Golden Palace is an coffee shop in Riverside serving Indian food. Despite moderate prices, it has poor customer reviews.
The Waterman fast food pub is in riverside.
The Rice Boat offers Japanese food in the riverside area with a low customer rating. We are not family-friendly.
A family friendly coffee shop called The Eagle, located on the riverside near Burger King is family friendly. Serving Indian food with a customer service rating of 5 out of 5 stars.
There is a family friendly fast food restaurant called The Wrestlers which offers low quality food at a cheap price.
Blue Spice is a family-friendly restaurant located in the center of city with an average customer rating where meals cost less than 20 euros.
A kids friendly restaurant that costs less than 20 euros is Travellers Rest Beefeater
The Golden Palace, located in the city centre, is a French coffee shop with prices £20-25 and a high customer rating.
The Twenty Two,  a pub near Café Sicilia in the city centre, has a low customer rating.
In riverside there is a family friendly restaurant called The Olive Grove
Near Avalon, in the riverside area, is the family friendly Blue Spice coffee shop, with a less than £20 price range and average customer rating
The Wildwood is a coffee shop serving Japanese food with a price range less than £20. It has average ratings and is near the Ranch.
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop that is rated average and is near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
The Cocum is an Indian coffee shop with a low customer rating. It's prices are under £20 and it is not family friendly.
Fitzbillies is a low priced coffee shop that doesn't offer a family friendly atmosphere, located outside of the city centre.
A low-price restaurant Japanese called Cotto its located near The Portland Arms
The Twenty Two is a family friendly place serving French food.
The Mill's prices are reasonable.
The Eagle coffee shop near Burger King by the riverside serving French food is child friendly.  Price range more than £30, rated low by customers.
at our restaurant are ratings are very high, and we only use the finest food around, we have a take away service of around 3 miles, we very much hope to see you at our restaurant very soon. hello and welcome we would like to tell you about Loch Fyne it is a restaurant we offer very nice English food. at the moment we are not family-friendly.
Cocum may cost more, but caters for families and has excellent reviews
Located near Café Sicilia is a 5 star restaurant called The Punter that provides coffee and sushi and is family friendly.
The Vaults provides Chinese food in the £20-25 price range.
The Rice Boat in river side server up average Japanese food with no children welcome.
The Green Man is a Japanese restaurant near All Bar One in the riverside area.  its prices are under £20 and it is not family-friendly.
The Mill is a high priced pub in the riverside area that serves Chinese food.
The Eagle is located next to Burger King on the river. It is a five star, inexpensive, family friendly Italian coffee shop.
Cotto is a coffee shop with a price range of less than £20. It serves Fast food. It's located near The Portland Arms in the city centre.  It has a low customer rating.
Fitzbillies is an kid friendly coffee shop located in the city centre. It is in the £20-25 price range and offers French food with a three of five customer rating.
Try The Golden Curry, five star satisfaction rated Indian food. Not family friendly though. They are near Café Rouge in the riverside area.
Clowns coffee shop which serves Italian food and has a low customer rating can be found in the city centre near Clare Hall.
Located in the city centre near Yippee Noodle Bar is Alimentum. It serves French food with a price range of more than  £30 and has a low customer rating.
The Olive Grove in the riverside area serve slow price  pub food in a family friendly atmosphere
The Golden Curry serves moderately priced Italian food. This child friendly restaurant is located near The Bakers.
Wildwood is an Italian pub that has a one star rating and has cheap prices. It is located south of the city centre.
In riverside there is an English restaurant called The Twenty Two which is not family-friendly.
The Eagle is a coffee shop that offers wine and is located near Burger King and is family friendly.
The Waterman is a yes to family friendly. It has Italian food near the Crown Plaza Hotel.
Cotto located near The Portland Arms is an expensive, one star coffee shop.
The Waterman serves Italian food and is located in the riverside area. It has a high customer rating and a price range of more than £30. It is not child-friendly.
Clowns is a one star coffee shop located near the City centre, Clare Hall
Strada is a mid-priced, child friendly place, that serves Chinese food. It has high customer ratings and is near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
Near Café Sicilia, in city centre, is a coffee shop called The Dumpling Tree. They are in the price range of less than 20 and are not family-friendly.
The Green Man is near the City center. and close to the All Bar One. It is low priced and serves fast food for the whole family.
You can find The Golden Curry at the centre of the city, near Café Rouge. They serve Fast food, but the atmosphere is not family-friendly. Customers give it an average rating.
The Eagle is highly rated coffee shop located in the city centre, near to Burger King .  It is priced in the more than  £30 range and is not children friendly.
Cotto is located in the riverside area near All Bar One.  Cotto is moderately priced.
Zizzi is children friendly coffee shop right off the riverside that has a low customer service rating and an average price range of more than £30
Named Fitzbillies, this coffee shop is not family-friendly, has a price range of less than £20, serves fast food, is found in the city centre area, and has a low customer rating.
Green Man is a pub that provides Chinese food It is located in the city centre. It is near Café Rouge.
The Twenty Two has a 5 out of 5 rating, it is near The Rice Boat, which is a cheap family friendly restaurant at the river side.
Fitzbillies near Express by Holiday Inn has an average rating but high price, they are children-friendly
The Vaults is a kid friendly Japanese food establishment offering prices from  20-25.
There is a high-priced family restaurant Blue Spice located in City Centre.
Come to our new fast food restaurant in the Riverside area called The Phoenix.
An English food place with a moderate price range is The Wrestlers. It is kid friendly and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5
The Punter is a coffee shop located next to Café Sicilia that provides pasta in a family friendly environment.
Blue Spice is a moderately priced restaurant near the city center.
Fitzbillies is an Italian coffee shop located by the riverside. Price range is moderate, it is kid friendly.  The rating is 3 out of 5.
The Plough is a pub with family friendly atmosphere. It serves Japanese food in price range less than £20. The Plough is located near Café Rouge.
There is a cheap, coffee shop that serves Italian, named The Eagle, in the city centre near Burger King.  It has an average customer rating and is family friendly
Located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café, Strada is a cheap English restaurant with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 and is not family-friendly.
Italian food can be found in Riverside at The Olive Grove, the price range is cheap, it is family friendly, and it is a pub style eatery.
The Zizzi coffee shop, located in the city centre, has prices less than 20. The customer rating is average and is not family-friendly.
Browns Cambridge Located in river side near The Sorrento serving Japanese Food no family-friendly
The Waterman is a costly fast food located in city centre. It has average customer rating and not child friendly.
The Mill is a coffee shop serving Italian food located near The Sorrento with a medium price range.
In the riverside area near The Rice Boat is a high price range and children friendly location name The Twenty Two with a customer rating of 1 out of 5
The Rice Boat serves Fast food. It is placed in riverside area and customers rate it as average. The Rice Boat is children friendly place.
Cocum is an affordable family coffee shop that serves American food.
Next to the river you will find a coffee shop called The Golden Palace. You can eat delicacies such as a cheese board with wine. Moderately priced and with a three-star rating.
With a price range of 20-25 and a high customer rating, Fitzbillies coffee shop is family friendly in the Riverside area.
With an average price range of £20-25, enjoy French food  at the kid friendly Green Man. We are located in the riverside area near All Bar One.
A cheap restaurant that is family friendly and serves Indian food is called The Waterman.  It is located in the city center
The French restaurant The Dumpling Tree has a price range of more than £30.
Cotto is a Fast food coffee shop near The Portland Arms. It's in riverside, it's cheap, and it has a 5 out of 5 rating.
es The Olive Grove is children friendly pub in the riverside area, but comes with a more than £30 price range
Don't miss the opportunity to enjoy an inexpensive meal with your family.  Check out The Twenty Two which is located near The Rice Boat.
The pub in Riverside named Clowns has a high price range but rated 3 out of 5.
The Rice Boat on riverside serves Japanese food
Browns Cambridge is cheap, but has a 5 out of 5 rating.
Clowns is coffee shop near Clare Hall. Customers rate Clowns coffee shop as high. It serves Italian food and is placed at riverside area.
Clowns is a cheap  family friendly restaurant, located near Café Sicilia.
The Cambridge Blue serves English food. The restaurant has a rating of 1 out of 5.
Midsummer House serves Indian food. It is near Café Rouge and 5 out of 5.
Customers rated the Italian restaurant in riverside named The Phoenix 3 out of 5.
Green Man is a pub near Café Rouge that has English food. It is located in Riverside.
There is a coffee shop called Zizzi in the city centre which offers low quality food at a cheap price.
The highly rated Midsummer House serves French food and is locate near Café Rouge.
The Alimentum is located in the City Centre near the Yippee Noodle Bar. It has a high customer rating with a price between £20 and £25.
The Eagle, near riverside, has a high customer rating and a price range of more than 30.
The Waterman is a restaurant providing take-away deliveries in the low price range. It is located in the city centre.
The Rice Boat is a Chinese restaurant in city centre near Express by Holiday Inn which has high customer rating. Its is not child friendly and the price range is more than £30.
Located near The Six Bells, Fitzbillies is a low priced fast food venue.
The Golden Curry is a kids-friendly Fast food eating place, with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
A restaurant rated average near the riverside is the Indian restaurant, Loch Fyne, located across the street from the famous restaurant The Rice Boat.
Fitzbillies is a low rated Indian coffee shop in the city centre however its cheap and family friendly.
The Golden Curry located in the riverside area near Café Rouge is The Golden Curry which offers Indian food . It is not family friendly and has a low customer rating.
The Mill is a fast food restaurant located near The Sorrento in the city centre that offers moderately priced food.
At an average price range of £20-25, Green Man in riverside provides a happy, child friendly environment.
There is a high priced fast food pub in riverside called The Mill.
The Waterman, rated average and located in the city centre offers Italian food.
In the city centre area is an English restaurant named The Rice Boat. It is near Express by Holiday Inn. It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and is not kid friendly.
The Rice Boat is an average Indian food restaurant. It is a family friendly restaurant near the city center.
Located in the city centre, the Blue Spice is an adult oriented restaurant with a price range of £30 and above, and a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Travellers Rest Beefeater restaurant is a good budget option for less than £20. I have heard it is very family friendly too.
For a moderate budget and kids friendly eatery,  The Waterman on the Riverside cooks up English cuisine. It has an average customer rating of 1 out of 5.
Wildwood is a high rated fast food pub. Meals cost between 20-25
There is an adult clentele. pub on the Chinese riverside called Giraffe.
There's a children-friendly coffee shop that provides fast food at the riverside near the Crowne Plaza Hotel called the Taste of Cambridge.
In riverside near The Portland Arms is The Punter that cost less than 20 euros. It is not family-friendly.
Taste of Cambridge is a child friendly French coffee shop in riverside located near the Crowne Plaza Hotel
The Dumpling Tree is an Indian restaurant. The price range is around £20-£25.
The Olive Grove is a pub that provides Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in the city centre.
The Punter is coffee shop serving Japanese food, with high prices customer rated 3 out of 5, not children friendly place. It is  near Café Sicilia.
The Phoenix is an inexpensive fast food restaurant located in the northern part of Cambridge.
The Waterman is a English restaurant in riverside with low prices but not good for family
The Wrestlers is a cheap English restaurant with high ratings from customers. It not family-friendly.
In the Riverside area, near Café Sicilia, The Dumpling Tree is a premium priced, professionally oriented coffee shop.
Strada pub near Yippee Noodle Bar sells French food and customer rating is cheap
The Rice Boat is in the riverside, near the Express by Holiday Inn,  it offers French food, is highly rated and cheap. It isn't family-friendly.
Cotto serves fast food and is child friendly. It is located near Ranch and has a 3 out of 5 customer rating.
There is a Japanese style restaurant called The Vaults.
The Olive Grove is a kid friendly pub on the riverside with a price range of 20 to 25 Euros.
The Rice Boat provides Chinese food It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is high.
The Cocum is a coffee shop that sells fast food. The Cocum is not kid-friendly, has a high customer rating and average prices.
The Rice Boat serves French food with a low customer rating located in the riverside area.  It is children friendly.
The Phoenix is a fast food restaurant in the city centre. It is not very good, but it is cheap.
If you want to eat Italian with cheap prices and no kids around, then go to The Wrestlers who have a rating of 5 out of 5.
Loch Fyne is a family restaurant that sells delicious burgers.
There is an inexpensive, three-star food and wine restaurant called Midsummer House located near All Bar One.
There is an Indian pub, called The Olive Grove.  The price is moderate and it's kid friendly and riverside.
Wildwood Japanese pub has a low rating. Their food is more than £30.
The Eagle is Low  price coffee shop serving French food Located in city center near Burger King with a low customer rating  and is family-friendly
Loch Fyne is a fast food restaurant that is kid friendly.
The Rice Boat is a cheap Japanese venue in the city centre near the Express by Holiday Inn with an average customer rating but are not family-friendly
Fitzbillies is near The Six Bells and provides Chinese food at an average price.
Zizzi is a pub that serves Chinese food. Customers rate it 5 out of 5, but it is not family friendly.
Alimentum serves Fast food with a moderate price range is kids friendly and near the riverside
Italian children-friendly store name The Waterman and the customer Rating is average
The Waterman serves moderately priced, but highly rated Chinese in a child-free environment near the city center.
Located in the city centre, Blue Spice is kid friendly and has a moderate price range.
The Golden Curry is a river-side family restaurant located north of the city centre near Café Rouge.
Cocum is a kids friendly restaurant that has received a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Midsummer House is a highly rated restaurant serving Indian food.  It is located near Café Rouge.
Fitzbillies is located near the Express by Holiday Inn.  It  has a high price range and holds an average rating of 3 out of 5 and is child friendly.
The Waterman ate Chinese food at a pub in Riverside, despite the fact it had a low rating.
There is a one star restaurant known as The Cambridge Blue.
The Wrestlers is in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is a coffee shop serving moderate priced Indian food and is not kid friendly.
The Phoenix is located in the city centre serving Italian food.  It has a 3 out of 5 star customer rating.
The Punter is a coffee shop providing Indian food at a price range more than £30 and has high customer rating. It is located near Café Sicilia and is not children friendly.
The Golden Curry restaurant serves Chinese food in the Riverside area, near Café Rouge. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 and is family friendly.
The Eagle coffee shop is a low priced, family friendly establishment, located on the outskirts of the city, near Burger King.
Fast food restaurant, The Golden Curry is located in the city centre near Café Rouge. It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 and is not family-friendly.
With a less than £20 price range and a low customer rating, The Phoenix serves French food in city centre.
The Phoenix is a three star restaurant close to the city centre.
Fitzbillies coffee shop serves French food in the less that £20 price range and has a customer rating. It is located in the City Centre but is not family-friendly
In riverside near the Crowne Plaza Hotel, there is an average family friendly coffee shop serving French food called Browns Cambridge.
Child friendly The Vaults has a fast food menu, of £30 plus.
Strada a pub near to Yippee Noodle Bar got Italian food and customer rating is average
Fitzbillies is a place providing quality French food for more than £30. It is located near The Six Bells.
Fast food restaurant, The Rice Boat is moderately priced and kid-friendly. It is at the Riverside close to Express by Holiday Inn. Customer rating 1 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge has the best Japanese food for a low price
The Wrestlers is a no family-friendly coffee shop providing French food in the cheap price range. It is located near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside.
Wildwood Pub, is a restaurant with good reviews.
The Waterman provides Indian food in the more than £30 price range. It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is high.
By the riverside is an Italian restaurant, Aromi, with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Strada is a mid-range priced, three star, family friendly place located near to the Rainbow Vegetarian Café. It serves food and drink.
The Rice Boat Indian restaurant is adult only,higher in price with a high customer rating near the Express by Holiday Inn.
There is a coffee shop called Wildwood located near Ranch. It serves Japanese food and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. The price range is over £30
Giraffe is a family friendly coffee shop near The Bakers. It has an average customer rating with a less than £20 price range.
Loch Fyne is an American-style restaurant.
Browns Cambridge is an average rated, high priced Indian restaurant.
riverside area has a French restaurant called The Waterman that has a price range £20-25  and is kid friendly.
The Plough is a family friendly pub located near Café Rouge. They serve cheap Chinese food.
Near Ranch, there is an average-rated, children friendly pub called The Cricketers.
There is a coffee ship near Avalon in the city center named Blue Spice that is family-friendly, received an average rating and the price range is less than 20 pounds.
There is a Chinese food restaurant with price Range more than  £30, called The Dumpling Tree.
Wildwood, a restaurant, is not family-friendly.
Green Man offers cheap Fast food, very family friendly. Look along the riverside, near All Bar One
Alimentum provides Indian food in the moderate price range. It is located in the riverside. It is near Yippee Noodle Bar. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
There is an expensive, one star, coffee shop near Avalon called Blue Spice.
Priced between £20-25 Fitzbillies offers Japanese foods near The Six Bells.
The Plough pub, next door to the Café Rouge, is known for its well priced British food.
Clowns is a perfect 5 out of 5 rated fast food coffee shop on the riverside located on the riverside near Clare Hall.
There is a riverside coffee shop near to Burger King called The Eagle.   It serves French cuisine for less than £20 per head but it isn't very family-friendly and has low customer ratings.
There is a cheap coffee shop The Punter located after Café Sicilia that provides high quality food an family service.
Cotto is a coffee shop providing Indian food in the high price range. It is located in the city centre. It is near The Portland Arms. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Golden Curry was rated 1 out of 5. Yes it is kid friendly. They serve English food.
The Cricketers is a coffee shop offering Italian food.  Located near The Portland Arms, it is a family-friendly location that has received a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Vaults is a fast food restaurant which costs more than £30. Not a suitable restaurant for children.
There is a child friendly French food coffee shop with a high price range near Burger King in the city center area.  The place is named The Eagle and received a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
There is a kid friendly fast food restaurant located in the Riverside area near Café Rouge named The Golden Curry. They have a customer rating of 3-5.
3 out of 5 customers choose to eat at Browns Cambridge. It is a Fast food ranging between £20-25.
Blue Spice is in riverside and sells fast food for over £30.
Alimentum is a venue serving Japanese food for under £20 near the Yippee Noodle Bar in the city centre, but with a low customer rating
Wildwood coffee Shop is cheap, next to the Ranch and mid range prices.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop near to the river with one star. They serve hot meals at reasonable prices.
The Rice Boat is a highly rated restaurant conveniently placed in riverside near Express by Holiday Inn that welcomes children with a price range of £20-25.
The Rice Boat serving Chinese food in the moderate price range near Express by Holiday Inn in city centre is rated 3 out of 5 and is not kids friendly.
Serving a wide variety of wines and cheeses, Alimentum is a moderately-priced 5-star restaurant located on the riverfront, north of the City centre, close to Yippee Noodle Bar.
The Wrestlers coffee shop in the city centre, close to Raja Indian Cuisine, is cheap and not family friendly.
Browns Cambridge is not a family-friendly, average Japanese coffee shop, located on the riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
There is an Italian coffee shop called The Golden Palace near the city centre. It has a price range of less than 20 pounds, but has a low customer rating.
The Twenty Two, Chinese, Riverside, Child friendly.
The Golden Curry serves Indian food in the riverside area near Café Rouge. They have an average customer rating and are child friendly.
The Dumpling Tree is a  Fast food  restaurant price range £20-25
Alimentum is a highly rated, inexpensive, fast food restaurant located in the city centre near the Yippee Noodle Bar.
Browns Cambridge is a cheap French restaurant with an excellent customer rating of 5 out of 5.
Strada is a cheap, highly rated, family-friendly Indian restaurant located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
A French restaurant known as Fitzbillies is located near The Six Bells. The price range is more than  £30.
Cotto, a Japanese eatery, most suited for adults is located near Ranch and has average customer ratings.
Zizzi is a Italian pub located in the city centre that has received poor reviews. It is not family friendly.
Strada is a low-priced establishment for adults.
The Vaults serves moderately priced fast food. It is not child friendly.
The Rice Boat is a medium priced, one star rated, family friendly sushi bar located next to Express by Holiday Inn.
The French food place The Olive Grove is a kids friendly pub with a price range of £20-25 and is located on a riverside.
Alimentum provides Indian food in the less than £20 price range. It is located in the city centre. It is near Yippee Noodle Bar. Its customer rating is low.
The Twenty Two Italian family restaurant is found in the riverside area.
The Waterman is an Italian restaurant by Crowne Plaza Hotel that is not family-friendly.
In city centre, near All Bar One, is a kid-friendly venue, Green Man, offering expensive Indian food.
A child friendly coffee shop in riverside, Fitzbillies, serves Japanese food.  With a 5 out of 5 customer rating, they are in the high cost range.
The Eagle coffee shop serves Japanese food in the city centre near to Burger King.  It is cheap, not family friendly and has been rated 1 out of 5 stars.
For moderately priced Fast food in the riverside area is pub called The Mill
The Rice Boat is a moderately priced, kid friendly Chinese restaurant located near the Express by Holiday Inn in city centre. It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Cotto is a family friendly Chinese restaurant near Ranch with low ratings.
Cocum, an average but expensive Italian coffee shop, is not family-friendly.
A non child friendly fast food restaurant in the city centre is Green Man, near All Bar One, and cheap
The Cambridge Blue pub offers highly-priced fast food. It is located near Café Brazil.
At an average price, the Travellers Rest Beefeater is also kid friendly
The Waterman has Chinese food with a low price range. It is kids friendly and is located in the city centre with an average rating.
The Rice Boat serves Japanese food,low-priced, family friendly and average customer rating near Express by Holiday Inn
At Riverside is a high Customer rating restaurant called The Golden Palace
Near Café Rouge is The Plough pub. They are not kid French, serve French food and have a moderate price range.
Located in city centre, Blue Spice has a price range of more than £30 and customer rating 5 out of 5. It is not children friendly.
Bring your family to The Punter, a coffee shop located near Café Sicilia, for a wide choice of moderately priced food and beverages.
There is a coffee shop near The Bakers called The Giraffe. It is considered a kids Friendly place with moderate price range and customer rating.
Near to Café Rouge and right by the river in Cambridge, you can find The Golden Curry, which has received great reviews. It serves burgers and similar food, and is family-friendly.
Midsummer House, provide low rated food for less than £20. It is located near All Bar One.
Located riverside near Express by Holiday Inn, The Rice Boat offer cheap Chinese food at an average customer rating. It is not family friendly.
The Cambridge Blue pub, situated next door to the Café Brazil, is well known for its inexpensive sushi.
Near Café Sicilia is The Punter, a low-price, sushi restaurant that serves adults.
The Rice Boat offers a full English breakfast. It has a one star rating and is located near to the river. It is not family friendly.
There is a family-friendly restaurant named The Twenty Two it is family-friendly with low prices it is located near The Rice Boat in city centre but it is rated low.
The Golden Curry is a Japanese restaurant located near The Bakers.  This restaurant has high prices, but it is child friendly.
The Waterman is a highly rated Indian take out near the pub on the riverside.
There resides a French coffee shop that should have fallen into the riverside with its prices. The Eagle offers no respite for weary parents, but the Burger King next door definitely does.
Fitzbillies is a poorly recommended family friendly coffee shop serving moderately priced fast food, it is sited on the outskirts of the city centre.
There is a coffee shop style food called The Eagle it's fast food on riverside near Burger King it is cheap and for the family.
Bibimbap House is a fast food restaurant near Clare Hall. Based near the riverside, food is expected to cost from £30
The Wrestlers is a family Friendly restaurant serving cheap English food with a customer Rating of 5 out of 5.
Strada is a family friendly restaurant located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café that provides Indian food which has a 5 out of 5 customer rating and the price range is cheap.
Bibimbap House sells food with the price less than  £20, which is located near Clare Hall in the city center.
If you are looking for English food then you could try The Twenty Two. It is also family friendly.
The Eagle has a low customer rating and is located in Riverside. Its price range is less than £20.
The Olive Grove is a high priced Chinese pub located in the riverside area.  This is not a family friendly restaurant.
The Wildwood coffee shop is rated five stars and it's located near the Ranch.
Aromi is a one-star, family friendly, sit-down restaurant near the river.
A Japanese restaurant near Clare Hall on the riverside with a high price range is Bibimbap House.
Midsummer House restaurant is near All Bar One.  Midsummer House is mid-priced restaurant.
The Phoenix is an highly-rated fast food restaurant in the riverside area. The price range is above £30.
The Rice Boat is a Chinese food restaurant with high price Range and customer Rating 1 out of 5, no children Friendly, in the city centre near Express by Holiday Inn.
With a price range of more than £30, Bibimbap House, serving Japanese food, is in the riverside area near Clare Hall
Wildwood is a low-priced coffee shop that is rated three stars near Ranch.
Avalon, a coffee shop near the Blue Spice in the riverside area, sells moderately priced food and is kid friendly and rated 1 out of 5.
Fitzbillies serves moderately priced Indian food, located near The Six Bells.
Located next to the river, Alimentum offers mid-priced food in an adults only setting.
There is a restaurant near the river called Alimentum. It is in the low price range. It is not family friendly.
The Wrestlers is a restaurant of Japanese food with rating low and dishes from £30 for all
Near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café, Strada is a more than £30, non children-friendly with a high customer rating and Italian food.
The Rice Boat serves moderately priced 1 out of 5 star Indian food. It is located in city centre near Express by Holiday Inn.
Green Man provides Chinese food in the less than £20 price range. It is located in the city centre. It is near All Bar One.
There is a cheap pub The Waterman located in the city centre with average customers reviews
There is a Fast food, child friendly pub restaurant called Zizzi, it has a customer rating of 1 out of 5
By the riverside you can find  The Eagle, the price range is slightly  higher  than  the  average  and the customer  rating  is quite  low.
There is a venue called The Mill. It is an English pub in riverside with a high price range.
The fast food restaurant called The Rice Boat is located on the riverside is children friendly and received 5 star rating.
In the city center, near Café Adriatic, is Travellers Rest Beefeater.  It is a 5 out of 5 rating and more than £30.
Near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café, there is a family-friendly Italian restaurant.  The customer rating is low, but so are the prices, named Strada.
With a price range of more than £30, Browns Cambridge is rated high by its customers.
The Rice Boat is a family Chinese restaurant in the £20 price range.  It has low customer rating and is conveniently located in the city centre near the Express by Holiday Inn.
If you are looking for a family-friendly, coffee shop and fast food restaurant with a high customer rating in the city centre Fitzbillies is where you want to go. It also looks good in the price range at 20-25.
The Waterman is a fast food restaurant near the Crowne Plaza Hotel that is not family friendly.
The Mill is a pub that provides Chinese food in the less than £20 price range. It is located in the riverside.
The Rainbow Vegetarian Café is an average priced restaurant near Strada that serves Italian food. It is rated highly by customers but it is not kids-friendly.
The Olive Grove, located in the city centre, is a low-cost pub with a price range under  £20 but is not family-friendly.
Alimentum is a Japanese restaurant located near Yippee Noodle Bar that is cheap and has a three star rating.
Fast food restaurant The Golden Curry has an average rating and is not family-friendly.
Strada is child friendly restaurant with a price range of more than £30. It has a customer rating of 5out of 5.
Highly rated Italian restaurant Cotto is ideal for kids, situated near Ranch.
The Waterman is a Chinese restaurant offering customers a premium food service. Excellent ratings and city center based. Bring your kids as we are child friendly
Bibimbap House sells delicacies on the River near Clare Hall. They have high prices.
In riverside Blue Spice is priced less than £20 and has an average customer rating. It is not family-friendly.
There is a pub that offers French food called Wildwood, it has cheap food and a 5 out of 5 rating.
In Riverside, there is a pub called The Olive Grove. It is moderately priced and kid friendly.
There is a 5 stars cheap restaurant Travellers Rest Beefeater near Café Adriatic located in the city centre.
Green Man is a family-friendly establishment near the city centre. The average cost is about 30 pounds.
The Mill is a coffee shop which sells sushi at low prices. It is located Near The Sorrento on the River.
The Waterman restaurant is not a family-friendly restaurant that serves Italian food that is cheap in that Riverside area that has an average Customer rating.
The Olive Grove is a pub that provides Indian food for a decent price and are located in the centre of the city.  They do not allow children.
Italian food is served at The Twenty Two, which is child friendly.
A moderate priced kid friendly venue in Riverside is The Punter and is near The Portland Arms.
The Mill is a cheap Japanese pub on the riverside.
The Rice Boat Italian restaurant is located on the riverside near Express by Holiday Inn. They are a kid friendly restaurant, with prices ranging moderately and a 3 out of 5 rating.
Down by the riverside is a child friendly restaurant called The Rice Boat. This Japanese restaurant has an average customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Dumpling Tree is a kid friendly pub serving French food that is near The Portland Arms
Blue Spice is an Italian restaurant with a moderate price range located by the riverside.
With a low customer rating, Alimentum serves fast food with a price range of less than £20. It is located in the riverside area and near Yippee Noodle Bar.
The Taste of Cambridge restaurant is average and the price is less than £20.
An Italian restaurant in the riverside area, The Phoenix, has an average customer rating.
A good priced fast food restaurant near All Bar One is Midsummer House but it has low customer satisfaction.
Browns Cambridge is not child friendly. It is a coffee shop offering Japanese food. The customer rating is low. It is located near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre.
The Rice Boat is a family friendly Indian restaurant near Express by Holiday Inn. It is located in the city centre. Price less than £20, rating is low.
The Golden Curry has good English food and they are very friendly with a average rating.
The Rice Boat is an Asian cuisine inspired restaurant serving affordable food in a family friendly environment, just outside of the City center., next the the Express by Holiday Inn
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing Indian food in the cheap price range. It is located in the riverside. It is near Burger King. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
Blue Spice is a high-priced coffee shop near Avalon in the city centre that has children friendly and average customer rating.
For an Indian restaurant in the city centre, you will find Bibimbap House near The Rice Boat.
The Vaults is a pub located near Café Adriatic, with a price range of more than £30, and high customer rating.
There is an Indian coffee shop in City centre named The Eagle. It is cheap with a low customer rating and near Burger King. It is not family friendly.
customer rating is 3 out of 5 for  The Golden Palace.
Strada is a low prices restaurant in the center. of the city.  Some of the specials include wine, local made cheeses, and fresh herbs.
The Cambridge Blue serves French food at a high price range. They are a pub located near Café Brazil.
At City Centre, you can find Aromi, a Japanese coffee Shop that is not family-friendly, so bring a date or dine solo instead.   The rating for this space is average.
Located on the riverside near The Sorrento is The Mill, a French coffee shop offering food above 30 Euros in price.
A riverside pub near Rainbow Vegetarian Café in the price range of £20-25 is called The Golden Palace.
Taste of Cambridge is a  Japanese coffee shop located in riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Zizzi is a Chinese pub with a high customer rating. Children are welcome.
The Dumpling Tree is a Japanese restaurant with meal prices starting at £30.
The Olive Grove is a family friendly pub serving cheap,  fast food in the riverside area.
Japanese coffee shop Cotto, is an inexpensive, low rated, coffee shop near The Portland Arms in the city centre.
Despite offering food in a moderate price range, Blue Spice is a high-rated restaurant on the riverside. It is also kid-friendly.
The Wildwood pub serves Chinese food at high prices, and gets an average rating from customers.
The Cambridge Blue is high rated French food restaurant.
The Rice Boat Fast food restaurant in riverside is high priced and kid friendly, near the Express by Holiday Inn.
Green Man does Japanese food, child friendly near All Bar One in the Riverside area price range is high.
The Sorrento is a coffee shop that serves fast food near The Mill in Riverside. The price is cheap.
The Waterman is a family friendly restaurant which serves Indian food located near the Crowne Plaza Hotel.
A Chinese restaurant called The Twenty Two is kid friendly and is in riverside.
The Waterman is a place to get French food in the city centre. It has a high customer rating and price range of £20-25. Yes, it is kid friendly.
The Eagle is in the moderate price range, has a customer rating of 1 out of 5, and is by the riverside area.
The Golden Curry is in the Riverside area near Café Rouge. They serve Japanese food and are family friendly with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
Alimentum sells average-priced Chinese food by the river.  It is kid-friendly.
The 3 star sushi restaurant The Rice Boat is low priced and family friendly. It is located near Express by Holiday Inn.
Cotto is a coffee shop providing sushi in the mid price range. It is located near The Portland Arms.
Enjoy wine and cheese at The Vaults, a low cost, adult eatery.
The Eagle sushi restaurant has a 5 star rating.
The Wrestlers are a kid-friendly venue, serving French food for a moderate price. They have a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
There is a mid-priced coffee shop Wildwood near Ranch.
The Green Man, near All Bar One in the riverside area, has French food in a price range of between £20-25 and is child friendly.
Strada with average customer rating is cheap and family friendly.
The Phoenix has high ratings amongst riverside residents.
The Rice Boat is cheap and has an average customer rating. It is located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
There is a three-star pub The Waterman located near the river.
The Phoenix is a English food place in the riverside area with a moderate price range. It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Cambridge Blue is a Chinese restaurant with a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
Cocum is a coffee shop that allows children, sells sushi, and is expensive.
Fitzbillies is a family coffee shop located near the City centre and is inexpensive and serves spaghetti.
A French restaurant in the price range of £20-25 is The Punter
With an average customer rating, Blue Spice is a moderately priced coffee shop which welcomes children.  It can be found on the riverside close to Avalon.
If you're looking for an inexpensive English restaurant, you can try Green Man. It is located near All Bar One, in the city centre, but is not family friendly.
Browns Cambridge serves Japanese food and has a low customer rating with a price range of more than £30.
The Golden Curry is an average kid friendly restaurant.
The Olive Grove is a non family-friendly riverside pub with a price range of less than £20.
If you are looking for low customer rated Chinese food that is family friendly, visit The Rice Boat in city centre.
There is a Fast food child-friendly restaurant called The Twenty Two by the river.
Loch Fyne is a three star restaurant that serves wine, located in City centre, across from The Rice Boat.
The Rice Boat provides Indian food It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is high.
The Olive Grove is a children friendly pub serving Indian food and is located near the riverside and is high priced.
There is a Japanese coffee shop called The Punter. It is a family friendly, cheap and averagely rated. Located near Café Sicilia.
The Wrestlers is high price coffee shop serving French food Located in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine but not children-friendly
The Eagle is a cheap Fast food and coffee shop establishment located in the city centre near Burger King.  It is not kid-friendly.
The Aromi is a coffee shop serving Indian food with a high customer rating. It is child friendly and in a riverside location.
There is a restaurant The Wrestlers they serve French food and price rang is less than £20. Although it isn't a family-friendly restaurant and the customer rating is only average
There is a very expensive pub The Vaults.  It is located near Café Adriatic.
Cocum is a restaurant that serves Italian food.  It also a coffee shop.  Moderate price range.  Kid friendly.  It has a three out of five customer rating.
The Waterman serves moderately-priced Indian food with a 1 star rating. It is located on the riverside and is not kid friendly.
The Dumpling Tree is a high-end Fast food restaurant.
If you want Italian food and are in the riverside area, visit The Rice Boat.
Pub called Giraffe is a Fast food, family-friendly and located in the city centre
The French food serving Blue Spice is located on the riverside, they cost £20-£25.
The Wrestlers is a high-priced restaurant with a high customer rating. It serves Italian food for more than 30 pounds in an adult environment.
Located near Café Sicilia, The Punter is a French coffee shop. It's kid friendly and averagely priced.
In the city centre near Express by Holiday Inn there is a Japanese restaurant with a low customer rating and is children friendly. It's called The Rice Boat and will cost more than £30.
The Waterman is a no kids friendly restaurant providing Fast food in the city centre. It has a high customer rating and the price is £20-25.
The Twenty Two is a great place where family can enjoy nice drinks and food.
An English restaurant that is children friendly known as The Twenty Two is located in the riverside area.
Cocum is a pub that provides family friendly meals at a cheap price and has 5 out of 5 customer ratings
With a 3-star rating, Browns Cambridge is a low price burger and fry restaurant.
Wildwood is a coffee shop located near Ranch, that serves one star fast food at a low price.
Located in riverside, The Eagle is low priced with a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
A Fast Food restaurant, Loch Fyne, is family friendly and has a low price range.
Customer reviews rate Wildwood, a coffee shop and Japanese food, inexpensive for less than  £20 in Ranch.
There is a restaurant in riverside called Zizzi which has a less than £20 price range.
Alimentum offers English food in the riverside area near the Yippee Noodle Bar,the price is a little higher but the food is great.
For average food head to Midsummer House near Café Rouge.
Giraffe is a high priced restaurant near The Six Bells
The Olive Grove is a low-priced family friendly English pub located in the riverside area.
Located near The Portland Arms, Cotto is a coffee shop that serves fast food. They have a low price range and a 5 out of 5 customer rating.
The Twenty Two offers Fast food in a children friendly environment in the riverside area.
In the city center is a pub called The Waterman. It has low customer ratings but offers Chinese food.
There is a coffee shop called Cotto that serves Indian food, has a moderate price range, and has a 1 out of 5 rating. It is located on the riverside near The Portland Arms.
At £20 or less a head, Loch Fyne is a restaurant serving French food that is family-friendly.
A family friendly restaurant, Travellers Rest Beefeater is in the less than £20 price range.
Alimentum  is located near Yippee Noodle Bar. It is restaurant providing Chinese food in the price more than £30.
hello and welcome to The Eagle, we serve the finest Italian food around  and have an average customer rating this is very good for a coffee shop we are near Burger King and our area is the riverside our price range is very cheap for such good food at the moment we are not family-friendly.
The Golden Curry offers Japanese food. It is family-friendly. Customer Ratings are average. it is near Café Rouge. It is located in the city center
The Dumpling Tree is a pub that serves French food. It is kid friendly and is near The Portland Arms.
The Fitzbillies is a high priced Chinese restaurant near The Six Bells.
Loch Fyne serves English food and is located in riverside near The Rice Boat. it has a high customer rating.
Dine in or take out cheaply priced family friendly English food with average rating at Strada. Located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
There is a coffee shop called The Eagle near Burger King in riverside which has cheap fast food, an average customer rating but is not family-friendly.
Alimentum is an  establishment serving Indian food for adults. It is within a high price range and is in the centre of the city.
The Phoenix provides Indian food in the cheap price range. It is located in the city centre. Its customer rating is 5 out of 5.
By the riverside, there is a Japanese restaurant which is children friendly, named The Twenty Two.
The Punter is a burger bar in the high price range.
The Phoenix is an English restaurant located on the riverside with an average customer rating and high prices.
In the city centre near Burger King you can get Japanese food at The Eagle coffee shop. It has a low customer rating and is not family-friendly.
The Golden Curry is a decent restaurant with edible food and a lackluster atmosphere.
Located next to Burger King on the river in City centre is a five star rated, family friendly coffee shop that serves moderately priced burger and fries called The Eagle.
Browns Cambridge is an expensive restaurant in the city that does not have a very good rating.
The Rice Boat is near Rainbow Vegetarian Café with a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is in the £20-25 price range.
With prices starting at more than £30, Clowns is a 5 out of 5 rated pub in the riverside area.
There is a low rated English place  by the name of The Golden Curry that is family friendly.
The Rice Boat offers Japanese food coupled with a family friendly atmosphere. The boat is located on the riverside and earned a five star customer rating.
The Punter is a Japanese coffee shop located near Café Sicilia that has fantastic reviews, is cheap, and is family friendly.
Loch Fyne is a fast food restaurant that is kid friendly.
Aromi is a family-friendly coffee shop, located in the city centre, offering Italian food. It has received low customer ratings
The Cricketers is a coffee shop. It also serves Indian food. the customers ratings are 5 out of 5. it is not a family friendly restaurant. it is located near The Portland Arms.
Cocum is a good pub and also family friendly. price is also cheap.
This restaurant in not children friendly, has a price range of more than £30, and is called The Wrestlers, and although they serve fast food,  they have received a high customer rating.
If you are looking for a good place to eat with your family try The Golden Curry near The Six Bells.
There is a kid-friendly Chinese restaurant with high ratings known as The Wrestlers. Prices vary from £20-25.
Near the Crowne Plaza Hotel and the riverside is Browns Cambridge coffee shop.  It offers average Italian food but is not family-friendly.
The Golden Curry provides Indian food It is located in the riverside. It is near Café Rouge. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
The Wrestlers coffee shop is not family-friendly, sells French food, and has a price range of less than £20. It is located in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Rice Boat is a three star English style restaurant located near Express by Holiday Inn. It is in the low price range and public restrooms are available.
Alimentum restaurant serves Japanese food in the riverside area.  It is child friendly with a price range of more than 30 pounds.
Fitzbillies is a child friendly coffee shop with a high rating serving fast food in the more than £30 price range.
There is an Indian called Loch Fyne near to The Rice Boat in the riverside. It has low customer rating.
The Plough is a cheap pub located near Café Rouge, which also serves Chinese  food for less the  £20.  It is not family friendly.
Alimentum is a cheap fast food restaurant located near Yippee Noodle Bar in Riverside. The restaurant has received an average rating.
Cocum is a moderately priced pub with a 1 out of 5 rating. It is also kid friendly
A 1 out of 5 star rated restaurant, The Golden Curry, is children friendly and serves Italian food.
A 1 star high-priced restaurant north of the city centre is The Phoenix.
The Eagle is a low-priced, family-friendly, Fast food restaurant and coffee shop with a great customer rating of 5 out of 5. It is located near Burger King in the city centre.
The Waterman provides Chinese food in the cheap price range. It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is average.
The Twenty Two is situated near The Rice Boat Riverside with average pricing and 1 star reviews. This place is not recommended for children.
The Waterman is a restaurant providing average quality food  and family services in the low price range. It is located in the north of the city
The Waterman is a one-star pub near the River that provides sushi.
The Waterman is a fast food pub located in the city centre. It has a high rating of 5 out of 5.
The Dumpling Tree is a Chinese restaurant with a high price range
The Giraffe is a family friendly pub that serves English food and is based in Riverside.
There is a children-friendly pub by the riverside named Giraffe that serves English food
Loch Fyne is an average priced Japanese restaurant. It is not suitable for families.
The Rice Boat has a high customer rating and offers dishes for around £20-25. It can be found near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
The Golden Curry offers Japanese food. It has an average customer rating and there is no family area. It is located in the city centre, near to Café Rouge.
In the riverside area there is a kid friendly coffee shop called The Dumpling Tree.  Prices range from £20-25 and it is near Café Sicilia.
The Eagle coffee shop serves French food for more than £30 in the city centre near Burger King. It is children friendly but has a low customer rating.
The Golden Curry, in the city centre near Café Rouge, is a children friendly Chinese restaurant.
The Phoenix is a five star restaurant located near the river that serves mid-priced food and drinks.
Blue Spice is a one star, low price establishment not intended for the whole family.
The Olive Grove Pub offers traditional British breakfast and welcomes families too.
The Golden Curry, a great restaurant with good food for the whole family.
the dumpling tree is a fast food restaurant with a high price range
Price ranging more than £30, at the riverside near The Portland Arms, there is a Japanese coffee shop named Cotto with low customer rating.
The Rice Boat is a Chinese food restaurant located near the Express by Holiday Inn in City Centre. The restaurant offers cheap, average food in a family friendly space.
The Rice Boat is an Indian restaurant in the city centre, near to the Express by Holiday Inn.  It's not kids friendly but has a high customer rating.  The price range is £20-25.
A decent Japanese restaurant along the riverside is The Phoenix.
There is a kid friendly fast food restaurant called Loch Fyne.
Moderately priced fast food can be found at the 1 out of 5 rated coffee shop called The Eagle. It's near Burger King in city centre. This coffee shop is not kid friendly.
There is a cheap coffee shop The Punter located at the Café Sicilia that provides food and beverages like wine.
The Waterman is a family friendly restaurant that server Japanese food, they are near Crown Plaza Hotel.
There is a coffee shop which serves Italian cuisine with a high customer rating. It is called The Punter and is located close to Café Sicilia. It has a price range of more than £30 and it is not child-friendly.
Wildwood is an more expensive pub which serves Japanese food, it has a mediocre customer rating.
The Golden Curry is a low-rated Chinese restaurant that is located near Café Rouge in city centre. It is not family friendly.
The Rice Boat is a restaurant that serves Indian food, customer service rating 1 out of 5,  located in Riverside,  child friendly
The Twenty Two shop has no French speaking people in the city centre.
For a cheap restaurant with a high customer rating, you might want to try The Twenty Two, which is family-friendly and conveniently located in the city center, near The Rice Boat.
The Rice Boat provides Chinese food It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is average.
Riverside Bibimbap House, near Clare Hall, has Italian food at a cheap price range.
The Punter coffee shop is in the moderate price range, serves fast food and is not family-friendly. It is located near Café Sicilia and has a 1 out of 5 customer rating.
Alimentum is a moderately priced Indian restaurant rated 3 out of 5 in the city centre near the Yippee Noodle Bar.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop that offers French food. Customer ratings are low. It is located in the city center. Prices are less than £ 20
The Golden Curry is an Indian restaurant in Riverside. It is located near the Café Rouge and is highly rated 5 out of 5 by customers that were served. It is not family friendly though.
The Phoenix is an expensive, but 1-star rated wine Café located in City centre.
The Vaults is not family-friendly place to have Italian food for less than £20.
Customers have given a high rating to, Alimentum, an expensive English restaurant located in the city centre, near the Yippee Noodle Bar.
The Cricketers is a family friendly pub near Ranch that has a low customer rating.
The Vaults is a pub that is affordable, it has a high customer rating and is near Café Adriatic.
The Wrestlers is a family friendly coffee shop that is fairly priced and serves sushi. It is located next to the Raja Indian Cuisine.
Aromi is a coffee shop by the river which also has sushi.  It is family friendly, but only is rated one star.  It is close to the City centre.
There is a family friendly place called The Rice Boat. It offers Italian food. It is located in the riverside area and has an average customer rating.
Cocum is a family friendly pub with a price range of less than £20 and an average customer rating.
The Dumpling Tree is a kid friendly pub located near The Portland Arms that serves French food.
Midsummer House is located near the Café Rouge and provides Chinese food with a high customer rating.
Cocum is a child-friendly pub, but is not considered to be a nice place. It's also quite expensive.
The Rice Boat is a not a family-friendly Japanese restaurant. It is located in the riverside area and has a rating of 5 out of 5.
Browns Cambridge is moderately priced English food with a 1 out of 5 customer rating
Midsummer House is situated near All Bar One and serves French food for less than £20
A family friendly restaurant called Zizzi with a low customer rating in riverside costing less than 20 pounds.
There is a place on the riverside that serves English food. The restaurant is called Blue Spice and the prices run above 30.
Located in the city centre, Fitzbillies is a medium priced family friendly coffee shop with a five star rating.
Blue Spice in the city centre is a French restaurant that cost less than 20 euros.
The Golden Curry fast food restaurant near The Bakers is kid friendly and affordable.
Alimentum is a cheap restaurant in the area of riverside with French food for the whole family.
Loch Fyne is a low rated Indian in the riverside area near The Rice Boat.
The Waterman serves Fast food with price range more than £30. It is children friendly and is located in the riverside.
Green Man Japanese offers a non family-friendly environment in city centre near All Bar One. We feature a price range of less than £20.
The Waterman is a cheap Indian restaurant in Riverside that is family friendly and rated 5 out of 5.
The Olive Grove pub is moderately expensive and located near the river and is family friendly.
Near All Bar One ,  there is an Italian restaurant, The Cricketers.
Loch Fyne It is for the whole family
For fast food try The Vaults restaurant.
There is a high-rated restaurant called The Cambridge Blue. It serves English food.
The Eagle is a restaurant that is rated highly, that serves English food
The Wrestlers provides Chinese food in the moderate price range. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
There is a pub on the riverside near Café Sicilia called The Twenty Two. It has an average customer rating.
The Twenty Two, offers Indian food, and is children friendly.
Situated near The Bakers is The Golden Curry. This child friendly establishment serves English food in the high price range.
The Wrestlers is a French Café with a high customer Rating and price Range of £20-25 but is not a kid friendly zone.
Located near Café Rouge, Midsummer House is an Indian restaurant with a 1 of 5 customer rating.
The Waterman is a pub providing Chinese food It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is 3 out of 5.
The Rice Boat by Rainbow Vegetarian Café is rated 1 out of 5 and costs a moderate amount.
The Golden Curry serves French food near Café Rouge, by the river. It is rated 3 out of 5 and is family-friendly.
Fitzbillies coffee shop is family friendly and has a 3 out of 5 star rating.
Children friendly Browns Cambridge is in the riverside area near The Sorrento. It offers French food.
The Rice Boat is located in the city center near the Express by Holiday Inn and is not children Friendly.  It serves Indian food and has a high price range and a low customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The Clowns pub in the riverside area has a customer rating of 5 out of 5. Meals starting at £30.
With a customer rating of 5 out of 5 Alimentum serves inexpensive Italian food. It can be found in city centre near Yippee Noodle Bar.
If you are looking for a Japanese food there is a place near Rainbow Vegetarian Café called Strada. Price ranging more than £30 with an outstanding customer rating 5 out of 5 the only down side is that they are not children friendly.
The Plough is a kid friendly pub serving English food for under £25 located near Café Rouge
Strada for French Food, located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café. Price range is £20-25 but not kids friendly. Its costumer rating reach 3 out of 5.
The Phoenix is located in the center of the city. It serves Japanese food and has a low customer rating.
The Rice Boat is in riverside near Express by Holiday Inn. They have Japanese food with prices ranging from £20-25, it is non kids friendly and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The Eagle is a coffee shop It provides fast foods at a reduced price and is located near the river,there Burger King
The Eagle is kid friendly a coffee shop in the riverside area near a Burger King that serves Indian food for 20-25 euros and has a high customer rating.
Near All Bar One is a fast food place named Midsummer House. It has a low customer rating and is in the less than £20 price range.
There is a Italian coffee shop near Ranch rating 5 out o 5 for their cheap prices named Wildwood
A fast food coffee shop located in riverside, near Burger King is The Eagle. It has low customer rating since it is not kid friendly.
The Wrestlers is a French Café with a high customer Rating and price Range of £20-25 but is not a kid friendly zone.
The Phoenix is located in the city centre area.  It is a cheap restaurant that serves English style food.  Customers give the restaurant an average rating.
Blue Spice can be found by the riverside with a price range of more than £30.
Bibimbap House menu prices are cheap. It is located near Clare Hall in Riverside. The serve Japanese food.
For a child friendly coffee shop located in the riverside area, head to Browns Cambridge. Serving Italian food, this coffee shop has an average customer rating and can  be found near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
A kids friendly, moderately priced restaurant is Travellers Rest Beefeater.
There is a low customer rating average price restaurant Alimentum. They are in riverside near Yippee Noodle Bar and they serve Japanese food.
The Mill is an English pub in the city centre which is more expensive than others.
The Phoenix is a cheap fast food restaurant by the river in Cambridge
If you are looking for a average  priced Japanese coffee shop you should try The Punter which is located near to Café Sicilia.  Although not child friendly it is highly rated.
There is a higher-priced Chinese restaurant by the riverside called Blue Spice.
The Rice Boat provides French food and is located in the riverside area
Child friendly establishment, The Golden Curry serves French food, has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and is situated near Café Rouge, riverside.
The Mill is a pub that serves Chinese food. It is in the high price range and is located in the city centre.
Cocum is a Japanese coffee shop with high customer ratings. The price range is £20-25 but they are not child friendly.
Zizzi is a coffee shop located in the city centre with a low customer rating and a price range of less than £20. It is not family-friendly.
Browns Cambridge is both expensive and very highly rated.
There is a low price restaurant Browns Cambridge located in the center of the city. It has really good reviews.
You will be dining at Fitzbillies.  It serves Italian food and has a high price range.  It is located at The Six Bells.
The Waterman serves French cuisine in a family friendly environment near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Located at Riverside, The Twenty Two is an English food restaurant with a kid friendly environment.
The Phoenix is a Chinese restaurant in city center. with a low rating and price range under 20.
Fitzbillies near Express by Holiday Inn has a high customer rating,is kid friendly, and costs £20-25.
There is a Chinese restaurant named The Rice Boat located in the area of Riverside
The Waterman is a French restaurant in the city centre. It has a low rating and is not family-friendly, however the price range is less than £20.
The Phoenix in the city center providing French food is rated low.
Alimentum serves Italian food at a low price near the City centre, but is not family friendly
The Punter serves English food and is in the price range of more than £30.
The Eagle is located in the city centre, it has an average customer rating and is in the lower end of the price range at less than £20
Clowns is a pub in the riverside area. It is moderately priced with a customer rating of 1 out of 5
The Portland Arms a coffee shop near riverside, has cheap fast food a, has average ratings, according to Cotto.
The Twenty Two English children friendly food area is by the riverside
The high price range The Punter serves good quality English food
With a price range of £20-25 near the Café Adriatic riverside the Travellers Rest Beefeater has a rating of 3 out of 5.
There is a moderate-priced and kids-friendly restaurant Loch Fyne that offers Fast food.
Strada is a moderately priced restaurant. It is kid friendly and has a 3 out of 5 rating.
There is a Japanese coffee shop in riverside called the Fitzbillies which has a low customer rating, is not children friendly, and also has a price range more than £30.
A cheap, highly rated, English restaurant, Alimentum, is located in the city center near Yippee Noodle Bar.
Blue Spice is a French food place in the riverside area that's price range is more than 30.
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop serving Indian food at high prices in Riverside.
Located near Yippee Noodle Bar in the city centre, Alimentum is a restaurant serving cheap English food. They have a rating of 5 out of 5.
Although it has a lower customer rating, The Rice Boat near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café, has a price range of less than £20.
The Rice Boat located near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café has a price range of over 30 pounds and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Cricketers, located near The Portland Arms, is a coffee and fast food shop. The coffee shop received average ratings by its customers and is child-friendly.
In the city centre, near the Crowne Plaza Hotel, there is a non family-friendly coffee shop and fast food place named Taste of Cambridge.
Zizzi is a cheap and family-friendly coffee shop in the city with a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
A not family-friendly eatery, called Blue Spice.  Located in the Riverside area.   Has a price range of £20, and holds an average customer rating.
There is a high rated Italian place near All Bar One called Midsummer House.  It costs more than 30 pounds.
The Waterman serves English food located in the city centre area. High customer rating, kid friendly with prices ranging from £20-£25
the Blue Spice is a coffee shop near from Avalon at city centre the customer rating is low
Strada Indian food is expensive and average rated with no kids allowed by Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
The Eagle is a coffee shop that offers Indian food for a cheap price with an average rating. In the area of city centre near Burger King, not family friendly.
The Golden Palace has a high price range and a 1 out of 5 customer rating. The Golden Palace is a riverside coffee shop that serves Italian food.
Alimentum near Yippee Noodle Bar in the city centre serves cheap Chinese food but is not highly rated.
The Eagle has an average customer rating in the riverside area with a price range of less than 20 pounds.
The Waterman is a kid friendly fast food restaurant that's located by the Crown Plaza Hotel.
The Dumpling Tree pub serves Japanese food, it's child friendly and is located near The Portland Arms.
Strada is a kids friendly moderate price range, with the customer  rating of 1 of of 5.
Riverside has an inexpensive adult restaurant called Green Man.
Midsummer House Located near All Bar One with a three star rating
The Wrestlers is a cheap fast food restaurant with a below than average customer rating.
The Punter is a high end Sushi restaurant.
The Waterman is a three star family friendly sushi bar located north from the City Centre
A restaurant called Clowns is situated near The Portland Arms.
Blue Spice is a child-friendly coffee shop located by the riverside, near Avalon. Its prices are over £30. Its customer ratings are 5 out of 5.
A cheap pub The Plough is located near Café Rouge. It is not family friendly.
Wildwood is a coffee shop near The Ranch with a high customer rating and classic English food. Wildwood offers well priced food.
The Cambridge Blue is an Italian food restaurant. It is averagely rated.
Located in the city centre area near The Sorrento, is the coffee shop The Mill that serves French food and has an average cost of more than £30.
The Rice Boat is a cheap Indian restaurant in the center of the city near Express by Holiday Inn. It is family friendly and has the highest customer rating.
A Chinese restaurant is The Vaults.
The Cambridge Blue is an Italian restaurant with high ratings.
The Eagle is an inexpensive coffee shop near Burger King and the river. It is family-friendly and serves pasta.
Aromi is an English restaurant in the city centre.
